DEF 14A 1 lko2017_def14a.htm THE COCA-COLA COMPANY - DEF 14A THE COCA-COLA COMPANY - DEF 14A UNITED STATES SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
 20549 SCHEDULE
 14A Proxy
 Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed
           by the Registrant Filed
           by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate    box: Preliminary
              Proxy Statement CONFIDENTIAL,
              FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY
      RULE 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive
              Proxy Statement Definitive
              Additional Materials Soliciting
      Material Pursuant to § .240.14a-12 (Name
 of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name
 of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment    of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate
    box): No    fee required. Fee    computed on table below per Exchange Act
      Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title
              of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate
              number of securities to which transaction applies: (3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of
      transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
      Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing
           fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed
              maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total
              fee paid: Fee    paid previously with preliminary
 materials. Check    box if any part of the fee is offset as provided
         by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which
          the offsetting    fee was paid previously. Identify the previous
          filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule
      and      the    date of its filing. (1) Amount
              Previously Paid: (2) Form,
              Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing
              Party: (4) Date
              Filed: 2017 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareowners Wednesday, April 26, 2017 8:30 a.m., local time World of Coca-Cola Atlanta, Georgia TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS FROM OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 Q&A WITH OUR CHAIRMAN AND CEO 4 NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS 6 PROXY SUMMARY 7 Roadmap of Voting Matters 7 Governance Highlights 7 Director Nominees 8 2016 Performance at a Glance 9 Key Linkages between Pay and Performance 10 Compensation Program Enhancements 10 2016 Compensation 11 Questions and Answers 11 Learn More About Our Company 11 PROXY STATEMENT 12 GOVERNANCE 13 Message from Sam Nunn, Lead Independent Director 13 Item
    1 - Election of Directors 14 Board and Committee Governance 25 Additional Governance Matters 31 Director Compensation 33 Director Independence and Related Person Transactions 36 SHARE OWNERSHIP 40 Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company 40 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 42 COMPENSATION 43 Item
    2 - Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 44 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Message from the Compensation Committee 44 Compensation Program Enhancements 44 2016 Performance at a Glance 45 Our Compensation Philosophy 46 Key Linkages between Pay and Company Performance 46 2016 Compensation Decisions for Named Executive Officers 47 Checklist of Compensation Practices 50 Elements of Compensation and Link to Strategy 51 How We Make Compensation Decisions 56 Additional Compensation Information 58 Report of the Compensation Committee 60 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 60 Compensation Tables 61 Payments on Termination or Change in Control 69 Equity Compensation Plan Information 74 Item
    3 - Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Holding
    the Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 76 AUDIT MATTERS 77 Report of the Audit Committee 77 Item
    4 - Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors 79 SHAREOWNER PROPOSAL 81 Item
    5 - Shareowner Proposal Regarding a Human Rights Review 81 ANNEXES 83 Annex A -
    Questions and Answers 83 Proxy Materials and Voting Information 83 Meeting Information 87 Company Documents, Communications, Shareowner Proposals and Director Nominees 89 Annex B -
    Summary of Plans 91 Annex C -
    Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 94 2017 Proxy Statement 1 Back to Contents LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS FROM OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS “ As
Directors, we remain accountable to shareowners through a variety of ever-improving governance practices that are informed by
our ongoing engagement with shareowners. ” Dear Fellow Shareowner: Thank you for your investment in The Coca-Cola Company and for
trusting us to oversee your interests in this business. Your Board understands that it is elected by you, the shareowners, to oversee
the long-term health and overall success of our Company. As Directors, we remain accountable to shareowners through a variety of
ever-improving governance practices that are informed by our ongoing engagement with shareowners. Please see Governance, including
the message from our Lead Independent Director Sam Nunn, beginning on page 13 . Chief Executive Officer Succession One of your Board’s most important responsibilities is
to ensure an orderly and stable CEO succession process. To that end, in December 2016, we unanimously approved a new leadership
structure for the Company under which Company veteran James Quincey, currently President and Chief Operating Officer, will succeed
Muhtar Kent as CEO, effective May 1, 2017. In addition, the Board has nominated James to stand for election as a Director at the
2017 Annual 2017 Proxy Statement 2 Back to Contents Meeting of Shareowners. Muhtar will continue
to serve as CEO until May 1, 2017, and then will continue as Chairman of the Board. This CEO succession plan reinforces our
belief in the strength of the Company’s leadership team and underscores our confidence in James as the Company’s next
long-term leader. Importantly, this transition maintains the successful partnership between Muhtar and James into 2017. We are
fortunate to have two executives with the talent and experience of Muhtar and James to lead your Board and Company, respectively. This transition comes at an important time,
as we are overseeing the Company’s strategy to refocus on our core business model of building strong global brands, enhancing
sustainable customer value and leading a strong, dedicated franchise system. This transformation is well under way, and we, along
with management, are optimistic about the future of the business. Board Composition Just as effective management succession
is essential to the Company’s success, we view Board succession planning in the same way. We continually focus on ensuring
that the Board is composed of high-integrity, highly capable Directors to represent the long-term interests of shareowners. Refreshing
our Board with new perspectives and new ideas is critical to a forward-looking and strategic Board. Ensuring diverse perspectives,
including a mix of skills, experience and backgrounds, and healthy turnover are also key to representing the interests of shareowners
effectively. Since 2009, eight new Directors have been elected and we have one new Director nominee for 2017; we have had a full
rotation of Board committee chairs; we elected a new Lead Independent Director; and we expanded diversity representation on the
Board. These benchmarks are just a snapshot in time, but we believe they signal our commitment to Board refreshment. Shareowner Engagement As always, a priority for this Board is
listening to the views of our shareowners and considering these views as we make decisions in the boardroom. We accomplish this
through robust outreach and engagement with you, the owners of this Company. Partnering with management, we engage with shareowners
throughout the year on a variety of topics. Please continue to share your thoughts or
concerns at any time. We have established a process to facilitate communication by shareowners with the Board. Please see Communicate
with the Board on page 33 . As always, thank you for the trust that
you have placed in us. March 9, 2017 Muhtar Herbert A. Ronald W. Marc Ana Howard G. Richard M. Kent Allen Allen Bolland Botín Buffett Daley Barry Helene D. Alexis M. Robert A. Maria Elena Sam David B. Diller Gayle Herman Kotick Lagomasino Nunn Weinberg Note: Howard G. Buffett (pictured) is not standing for election
at the 2017 Annual Meeting. James Quincey (not pictured) has been nominated for election as a Director at the 2017 Annual Meeting. 2017 Proxy Statement 3 Back to Contents Q&A WITH OUR CHAIRMAN AND CEO “ Throughout
the year, we engage with shareowners on a variety of topics. Here are answers to a few commonly raised questions. ” Muhtar Kent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer The Coca-Cola Company Could you talk about The Coca-Cola Company’s
performance in 2016? In 2016, we continued our journey to transform our Company to a brand-centric
organization leading a great franchise system. We began in late 2014, when we got behind a set of strategic actions designed to
invigorate growth and increase profitability. Since then, we’ve been advancing on a path to deliver greater long-term sustainable
value to our shareowners, associates, partners and stakeholders. 2016 was a critical year, as we continued to make strong progress
in transforming our Company, while keeping focused on consumers. We continued to gain momentum in building sustainable revenue
growth through segmented market roles and disciplined brand investments. We strengthened our brands and portfolio through better
and more marketing, innovation and targeted acquisitions. We brought to market more than 500 new products, nearly 400 of which
were teas, juices, coffees, waters or other still beverages. And we generated over $600 million in productivity. In addition to delivering our profit
target for the full year, I am encouraged by the strategic actions taken during 2016 to strengthen our global bottling
system. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we reached a definitive agreement to refranchise all Company-owned bottling operations
in China, and we took important steps to further the evolution of Coca-Cola Beverages Africa. During the year, we
successfully completed the creation of Coca-Cola European Partners, and we supported the ongoing transformation of the
franchise bottling system in Japan. And last, we remain on track to complete the refranchising of Company-owned bottling
operations in the U.S. by the end of 2017. In total, half of our global system revenue has been in motion through our recent
actions to strengthen the system. The progress demonstrated by these actions is foundational in positioning our system for
prosperity long into the future. While we accomplished a lot in 2016, we know we have more work to
do. In the year ahead, we will be focused on building and expanding our portfolio of consumer-centric drinks, including those with
less sugar and calories, further evolving our approach to growing revenues from our global sparkling soft drink portfolio, and
driving productivity through the organization to reduce complexity and redirect resources to drive revenue growth in a world with
fast-changing consumer patterns. James Quincey will be your successor as CEO effective
May 1, 2017. Can you talk about this leadership change? One of the most meaningful legacies I can leave is a solid foundation
for James, my successor as CEO, to take this business successfully into the next decade and beyond. I have worked closely with James during the past ten years of his
20 year career at the Company. He has vast industry knowledge, expertise with the Company’s brands, values and global bottling
system and an acute understanding of evolving consumer tastes. James has the strategic vision and inspirational leadership to usher
in the next phase of growth for the Company’s great business. 2017 Proxy Statement 4 Back to Contents James is also passionate about developing people, building strong
teams and creating winning cultures everywhere he has been. I am confident he is the ideal person to effectively lead our Company. As CEO, James will assume accountability for the Company’s
strategic direction and operations, from setting the long-term strategy, to leading our bottling system, to making portfolio and
organizational decisions, to driving long-term sustainable growth. After May 1 st , I will continue to lead the Board
of Directors and do everything possible to create an environment that allows James to successfully run this business and deliver
long-term value for our shareowners. Why has the Board decided to separate the roles
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and will this separation of the roles be permanent? I recommended, and the Board agreed, that continuing the partnership
between James and myself, with an adjusted focus for each of us, would enable us both to apply our strongest skills to continuing
the sustained growth of our business. To put it simply, I will lead the Board and focus on Board governance, and James will run
the business. As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board has
flexibility to decide whether to have the same person occupy the offices of the Chairman of the Board and CEO. This structure allows
the Board to exercise its business judgment after considering relevant factors, including the specific needs of the business and
what is in the best interests of the Company’s shareowners. We will continue to evaluate the Board leadership structure. At least
one executive session of the non-management Directors each year will include a review of the Board’s leadership structure
and consideration of whether the position of the Chairman of the Board should be held by the CEO or be separated. The Company and the industry continue to face
some significant challenges. How do you think about these challenges and what strategies are in place to handle them? The changing consumer landscape will continue to be a key priority
as well as portfolio mix and performance. We are addressing evolving consumer preferences by expanding product offerings, introducing
smaller package sizes, and most recently, working to reduce added sugar in our products, with over 500 initiatives in progress. I will add that this leadership transition comes at a time of important
evolution for our Company. Our journey to refocus on the Company’s core business model of building strong global brands,
enhancing sustainable customer value and leading a strong, dedicated franchise system is well under way. James has been a major component of this evolution and is committed
to continuing to build the long-term sustainability of the Company and the bottling system, from the health of our operations,
to the health of our bottling partners, to the health of the communities we serve. You have commented recently about the importance
of gender diversity in the workplace and on boards of directors. Why do you believe diversity is valuable? I am convinced that we must do everything possible to promote gender
equality. It is simply good for business and for economic and social progress around the world. As a business leader, I know our
Company can’t reach its full potential unless we recruit, hire, develop and retain women associates as part of a diverse,
multicultural workforce. And I don’t think we need academic studies to see why. You
just need the simple logic that would tell you any organization is setting itself up for failure if it isn’t welcoming the
experience and expertise of half the world’s people. That is why, at The Coca-Cola Company, we’ve been on a journey
to attract and retain more women employees and leaders and more women on our Board of Directors. We’ve made progress in recent years, but we are not satisfied.
Women have gained significant ground, but we still have a long way to go to achieve true gender equality. We know we can do more,
and we are working on multiple fronts to do so. What are your current sustainability focus areas,
and how are we progressing toward our sustainability initiatives? While sustainability is an integrated component of our business strategy,
over the past few years we have stepped up the Company’s progress on many social and environmental issues. One example is
the 5by20 initiative to support the economic empowerment of five million women entrepreneurs globally by 2020. We remain focused on water stewardship and replenishment. For example,
last year we announced that, together with our bottling partners, we met our goal to replenish at least 100% of the equivalent
amount of water we use in our finished beverage sales volume five years earlier than our initial target. While we are pleased with
our progress, we know our water stewardship work is unfinished and remain focused on exploring additional steps to advance our
water programs and performance. We also continue to create partnerships across the “golden
triangle” of business, government and civil society in order to successfully address issues and leverage opportunities in
communities where we operate. In all we do, our business tries to take the approach of staying
“constructively discontent.” We’re always encouraging our partners, our colleagues and ourselves to achieve more,
work more holistically and be more efficient. We look forward to continuing to share progress on our sustainability journey. You
can learn more about our sustainability efforts at www.coca-colacompany.com/sustainability . 2017 Proxy Statement 5 Back to Contents NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS When: Wednesday, April
26, 2017, 8:30 a.m., local time Where: World of Coca-Cola,
121 Baker Street NW, Atlanta, Georgia 30313 We are pleased to invite you to join our Board of Directors and senior leadership at The Coca-Cola Company’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. Items of Business: 1. To elect the 14 Director nominees identified in the accompanying proxy statement to serve until the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. (Item 1) 2. To hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation. (Item 2) 3. To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve executive compensation. (Item 3) 4. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors of the Company to serve for the 2017 fiscal year. (Item 4) 5. To vote on a shareowner proposal regarding a human rights review, if properly presented at the meeting. (Item 5) 6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. Record Date: The Board of Directors set February 27, 2017 as the record date for the meeting. This means that our shareowners as of the close of business on that date are entitled to receive this notice of the meeting and vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. On the record date, there were 4,292,014,609 shares of common stock of The Coca-Cola Company (the “Company”) issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting. Important Meeting Information: If
you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, you must register in advance. See question 21 on page 87 for information
about the location, format and how to register to attend the meeting. We will provide free admission to World of Coca-Cola to Annual Meeting attendees and other shareowners on April 26, 2017 (after the conclusion of the Annual Meeting). See question 26 on page 89 for how to gain admission. Audiocast of the 2017 Annual Meeting: If you are unable to attend the meeting in person, you can listen
to a live audiocast of the meeting by visiting the 2017 Annual Meeting page of the Company’s website, at www.coca-colacompany.com/investors/annual-meeting-of-shareowners .
On the website, you can also vote through the Internet, access the proxy materials, submit questions in advance and learn more
about our Company. March 9, 2017 By Order of the Board of Directors Jennifer D. Manning Associate General Counsel and Secretary Voting Information It is very important that you vote in order to play a part in the future of the Company. Please carefully review the proxy materials for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners and follow the instructions below to cast your vote on all of the voting matters. How to Vote: Please vote using one
of the following advance voting methods. Make sure to have your proxy card or voting instruction form (VIF) in hand and follow
the instructions. SHAREOWNERS OF RECORD BENEFICIAL OWNERS (shares registered on the books of (shares held through your the Company via Computershare) bank or brokerage account) Via the Internet Via the Internet Visit Visit www.envisionreports.com/coca-cola www.proxyvote.com Scan this QR code Scan this QR code to vote with your mobile device to vote with your mobile device By phone By phone Call 1-800-652-VOTE Call 1-800-454-8683 or the telephone number or the telephone number on your proxy card on your voting instruction form By mail By mail Sign, date and return Sign, date and return your proxy card your voting instruction form All shareowners of record may vote in person at the meeting. Beneficial owners may vote in person at the meeting if they have a legal proxy, as described in the response to question 8 on page 85 . Electronic Shareowner Document Delivery Instead of receiving future proxy materials by mail, shareowners of record and most beneficial owners can elect to receive an e-mail that will provide electronic links to these documents. Opting to receive your proxy materials online will save us the cost of producing and mailing documents and also will give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site. In addition, the Company has a tree planted on behalf of each shareowner that signs up for electronic delivery. Since we began offering electronic delivery in 2005, over 375,000 trees have been planted on behalf of Company shareowners. 2017 Proxy Statement 6 Back to Contents PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained in the Proxy
Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy
Statement before voting. For more complete information regarding the Company’s 2016 performance, please review the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. ROADMAP OF VOTING MATTERS Shareowners are being asked to vote on the following matters
at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners: Our
    Board’s Recommendation ITEM 1. Election of Directors ( page 14 ) The Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance believe
    that the 14 Director nominees possess the necessary qualifications and experiences to provide quality advice and counsel to
    the Company’s management and effectively oversee the business and the long-term interests of shareowners. FOR
    each Director Nominee ITEM 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation ( page 43 ) The Company seeks a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation
    of its Named Executive Officers as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 44 and the Compensation
    Tables beginning on page 61 . The Board values shareowners’ opinions, and the Compensation Committee will take into account
    the outcome of the advisory vote when considering future executive compensation decisions. FOR ITEM 3. Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Holding the Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation ( page 76 ) Shareowners are being provided the opportunity to vote on how often they
    believe we should hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation in the future. The frequency options are to hold
    the advisory vote to approve executive compensation each year, every two years or every three years. The Board believes that
    an annual advisory vote on executive compensation is the most appropriate policy for our shareowners and the Company at this
    time. FOR
    One Year ITEM 4. Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors ( page 79 ) The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the retention of Ernst
    & Young LLP to serve as the Independent Auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 is in the best interests
    of the Company and its shareowners. As a matter of good corporate governance, shareowners are being asked to ratify the Audit
    Committee’s selection of the Independent Auditors. FOR ITEM 5. Shareowner Proposal Regarding a Human Rights Review, if properly presented ( page 81 ) Shareowners can be assured that
    this Company is committed to respecting human rights and that we apply that commitment consistently around the world. The
    Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal because the review being requested is unnecessary. AGAINST GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to good corporate governance, which promotes
the long-term interests of shareowners, strengthens Board and management accountability and helps build public trust in the Company.
The Governance section beginning on page 13 describes our governance framework, which includes the following highlights: GOVERNANCE
    HIGHLIGHTS Board Practices Shareowner
    Matters 11 of 14 Director nominees independent Long-standing active shareowner engagement Commitment to Board refreshment Annual “say on pay” advisory vote Regular Board, committee and Director evaluations Adopted a proxy access right Robust Director nominee selection process Shareowner right to call special meeting Annual election of Directors with majority voting standard Lead Independent Director, elected by the independent Directors Other
    Best Practices Independent Audit, Compensation and Directors/Governance Committees Regular executive sessions of independent Directors Strategy and risk oversight by full Board and committees Long-standing commitment toward sustainability Transparent public policy engagement Stock ownership guidelines for executives Anti-hedging, anti-short sale and anti-pledging policies 2017 Proxy Statement 7 Back to Contents DIRECTOR NOMINEES Snapshot
    of 2017 Director Nominees All Director nominees exhibit: High integrity A commitment to sustainability and social issues A proven record of success An appreciation of multiple cultures Innovative thinking Knowledge of corporate governance requirements and practices Our Director nominees exhibit an effective mix of skills, experience, diversity and fresh perspective Director Committee
    Memberships 1 Other Name Age Since Primary
    Occupation A C DCG E F MD PIDR Boards 2 Herbert A. Allen 77 1982 President, Chief Executive
    Officer and Director, Allen & Company
    Incorporated 0 Ronald W. Allen* 75 1991 Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aaron’s Inc. 2 Marc Bolland* 57 2015 Head of European Portfolio
    Operations, Blackstone Group L.P. 2 Ana Botín* 56 2013 Executive Chair, Banco Santander, S.A. 2 Richard M. Daley* 74 2011 Executive Chairman,
    Tur Partners LLC; Of Counsel, Katten Muchin
    Rosenman LLP 0 Barry Diller* 75 2002 Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive,
    IAC/InterActiveCorp and Expedia, Inc. 2 Helene D. Gayle* 61 2013 Chief Executive Officer,
    McKinsey Social Initiative 1 Alexis M. Herman* 69 2007 Chair and Chief Executive Officer, New Ventures
    LLC 3 Muhtar Kent 3 64 2008 Chairman of the Board
    and Chief Executive Officer, The Coca-Cola Company 1 Robert A. Kotick* 54 2012 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Activision Blizzard, Inc. 1 Maria Elena Lagomasino* 67 2008 Chief Executive Officer
    and Managing Partner, WE Family Offices 1 Sam Nunn* 78 1997 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nuclear
    Threat Initiative 0 James Quincey 3 52 – President and Chief
    Operating Officer, The Coca-Cola Company 0 David B. Weinberg* 65 2015 Chairman and Chief
    Executive Officer, Judd Enterprises, Inc. 0 * Independent
    Director Chair Member 1 A = Audit Committee; C = Compensation Committee; DCG = Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance; E = Executive Committee; F = Finance Committee; MD = Management Development Committee; PIDR = Public Issues and Diversity Review
    Committee 2 Other public company boards. 3 Effective May 1, 2017, James Quincey, will succeed Muhtar
Kent as CEO of the Company. In addition, the Board has nominated Mr. Quincey to stand for election as a Director at the 2017 Annual
Meeting. Mr. Kent will serve as CEO until May 1, 2017, and then will continue as Chairman of the Board. 2017 Proxy Statement 8 Back to Contents 2016 PERFORMANCE AT A GLANCE We Are Transforming Our Company In 2016, we continued to focus and make progress on our five
strategic initiatives: drive revenue growth through segmented market roles, make disciplined brand and growth investments, drive
efficiency through aggressive productivity, streamline and simplify, and focus on our core business model. 2016 Achievements Expanded our operating margin through 3% price/mix growth
        and balancing productivity with disciplined investments Continued momentum in developed markets, led by North America
        which grew net operating revenues by 4% Remained committed and consumer-focused in developing and
        emerging markets amidst persistent macroeconomic pressures Introduced 500+ new products into the market worldwide, including
        the successful launch of smartwater and Honest Tea in Western Europe Continued to expand our growing portfolio through strategic
        investments, including fairlife milk in the U.S. and Chi, Nigeria’s leading value-added dairy and juice company Advanced our strategy to grow
        revenues in our sparkling portfolio, through actions including the Coca-Cola “one-brand” strategy and an integrated
        marketing campaign Delivered over $600 million in productivity, which drove
        operating margin expansion Strengthened our global bottling system for the long term
        with strategic actions taken in North America, Latin America, Europe, Africa and Asia On track to complete refranchising of our Company-owned bottling
        operations in the U.S. by the end of 2017 Operating Results VALUE SHARE REVENUE (5)% Reported Net Operating Revenues +3% Organic Revenues (Non-GAAP) UNIT CASE VOLUME +1% PROFIT (15)% Reported Income Before Income Taxes +8% Comparable Currency Neutral Income Before Income Taxes (Structurally Adjusted) (Non-GAAP) Note: Organic revenues is a non-GAAP financial measure that
excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and structural items, as applicable, as well
as the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Comparable currency neutral income before income taxes (structurally
adjusted) is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability, the impact
of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and the impact of structural changes. See Annex C for a reconciliation of non-GAAP
financial measures to our results as reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”). Return to Shareowners 1 Cumulative stock price appreciation plus dividends, with dividends reinvested quarterly. 2 Total does not add due to rounding. Net share repurchases do not include approximately $1.4 billion related to proceeds from employee stock activity. See Annex C. 3 Source:
    Standard & Poor’s Research Insight. This chart shows how a $100 investment in the Company’s Common Stock on
    December 31, 2011 would have grown to $137 on December 31, 2016, with dividends reinvested quarterly. The chart also compares
    the total shareowner return on the Company’s Common Stock to the same investment in the S&P 500 Index and the
    Company’s 2016 compensation comparator group (see page 57 ) over the same period, with dividends reinvested quarterly.
    Includes the Company’s 2016 compensation comparator group for the five-year period whether or not a company was
    included in the group for the entire period. For foreign companies included in the comparator group, market value has been
    converted to U.S. dollars and excludes the impact of currency. Market returns are weighted by relative market capitalization
    and are adjusted for spin-offs and special dividends. 2017 Proxy Statement 9 Back to Contents KEY LINKAGES BETWEEN PAY AND PERFORMANCE In the context of our compensation programs, we view Company
performance in two primary ways: 1. the Company’s operating performance, including results against long-term growth targets; and 2. return to shareowners over time, both on an absolute basis and relative to other companies. In addition to Company performance, we take into account individual
performance when making compensation decisions. Our compensation plans are designed to link pay and performance.
As reflected above, 2016 was a critical year for the Company as we continued to make strong progress in transforming our Company
while keeping focused on our consumers. Despite ongoing volatile global economic conditions, the Company delivered its profit target
for the full year and took strategic actions to strengthen its global bottling system. When evaluating pay reported in the 2016 Summary Compensation
Table against Company performance, it is important to consider the timing of compensation decisions and which performance period
informs each of the annual and long-term incentive awards. For instance: long-term incentive awards reported for 2016 were granted in February 2016 and reflect Company
    and individual performance in 2015, among other factors (see page 53 ); and annual incentive awards reported for 2016 were decided in February 2017 and reflect Company and
    individual performance in 2016 (see page 52 ). The following highlights linkages between pay and Company performance
over the last three years. PAY AND PERFORMANCE AT A GLANCE CEO Pay Decreased Annual Incentives Driven by from 2014 Company Performance Reported Pay* (in millions) Company Performance Factor* * Reported pay in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table on page 61 , excluding change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings. *   Does not include individual performance amounts (see page 52 ). Performance Share Unit (PSU) Payouts Stock Options Linked to Key Metrics
    Over a Linked Directly to Stock
    Price Three-Year Performance Period Intrinsic Value* of Last Three Annual Stock Option Grants: Last Three PSU Performance Periods* Certified: 2016 = $0 2 Below Threshold 2015 = $0 1 Above Target 2014 = $4.26 * 2012-2014, 2013-2015 and 2014-2016 PSUs. See page 55 for metrics, targets and status of outstanding annual PSU programs. * Per option, based on the 2016 year-end closing price of $41.46. COMPENSATION PROGRAM ENHANCEMENTS Over the last several years, we have made several key enhancements
to our compensation programs to continue to improve the link between compensation and the Company’s business and talent strategies
as well as the long-term interests of our shareowners. We: 2017 Proxy Statement 10 Back to Contents 2016 COMPENSATION Set forth below is the 2016 compensation for
each Named Executive Officer as determined under Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules. See the 2016 Summary
Compensation Table and the accompanying notes to the table beginning on page 61 for more information. In order to show the
effect that the year-over-year change in pension value had on total compensation, as determined under applicable SEC rules,
we have included an additional column to show total compensation minus the change in pension value. The amounts reported in
the Total Without Change in Pension Value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in the Total column
required under SEC rules and are not a substitute for total compensation. Name and Principal Position Salary ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 1 ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Total
    Without Change in Pension Value 2 ($) Muhtar Kent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer $ 1,600,000 $ 7,552,779 $ 1,983,748 $ 4,100,000 $ 1,523,003 $ 792,414 $ 17,551,944 $ 16,028,941 Kathy N. Waller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 749,365 2,794,510 733,987 1,056,805 1,601,929 82,826 7,019,422 5,417,493 James Quincey President and Chief Operating Officer 923,625 4,229,542 1,110,901 2,021,355 321,839 96,448 8,703,710 8,381,871 Marcos de Quinto Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 778,379 3,143,858 825,735 1,156,530 459,734 1,270,819 7,635,055 7,175,321 Irial Finan Executive Vice President and President, Bottling Investments and Supply Chain 908,108 3,146,995 826,561 1,358,432 368,701 170,489 6,779,286 6,410,585 1 Pension values may fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on a number of factors, including
    age, years of service, average annual earnings and the assumptions used to determine the present value, such as the discount
    rate. For 2016, the discount rate assumption used to determine the actuarial present value of accumulated pension benefits,
    as required by SEC rules, was lower than in 2015. For Mr. Kent, this lower discount rate assumption was the primary reason
    for the increase in pension value. 2 Total Without Change in Pension Value represents total compensation, as determined under applicable SEC rules, minus
    the change in pension value reported in the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column
    (but including the nonqualified deferred compensation earnings reported in that column, if any). QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Please see Questions and Answers in Annex
A beginning on page 83 for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the 2017 Annual Meeting, Company documents,
communications and the deadlines to submit shareowner proposals and Director nominees for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners.
Additional questions may be directed to Shareowner Services at (404) 676-2777 or shareownerservices@coca-cola.com . LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR COMPANY You can learn more about the Company by visiting
our website, www.coca-colacompany.com . Please also visit our 2017 Annual Meeting website, www.coca-colacompany.com/investors/annual-meeting-of-shareowners ,
to easily access the Company’s interactive proxy materials, vote through the Internet, submit questions in advance of the
2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, register to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting, access the live audiocast of the meeting and learn
more about free admission to World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017. 2017 Proxy Statement 11 Back to Contents ONE COCA-COLA PLAZA ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30313 MARCH 9, 2017 PROXY STATEMENT The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of The Coca-Cola
Company (the “Company”) is furnishing you this Proxy Statement to solicit proxies on its behalf to be voted at the
2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company. The meeting will be held at World of Coca-Cola, 121 Baker Street NW,
Atlanta, Georgia 30313 on April 26, 2017, at 8:30 a.m., local time. The proxies also may be voted at any adjournments or postponements
of the meeting. The mailing address of our principal executive offices is The
Coca-Cola Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301. We are first furnishing the proxy materials to shareowners on March 9,
2017. All properly executed written proxies and all properly completed
proxies submitted by telephone or Internet that are delivered pursuant to this solicitation will be voted at the meeting in accordance
with the directions given in the proxy, unless the proxy is revoked prior to completion of voting at the meeting. Only owners of record of shares of common stock of the Company
(“Common Stock”) as of the close of business on February 27, 2017, the record date, are entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the meeting or at any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. Each owner of record on the record date is entitled
to one vote for each share of Common Stock held by such shareowner. On February 27, 2017, there were 4,292,014,609 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY
        OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 26, 2017. The Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report
        on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 are available at www.edocumentview.com/coca-cola. 2017 Proxy Statement 12 Back to Contents GOVERNANCE Message from Sam Nunn, Lead Independent Director As outlined in the Board letter beginning
        on page 2 , your Board is overseeing a CEO leadership transition for the Company. This work is perhaps the most important responsibility
        the Board has to our shareowners, and I assure you that we are committed to seeing an orderly and seamless management succession. We have been fortunate to have Muhtar Kent as our CEO for the past eight years. He has shown visionary leadership with a clear focus on the long-term health of this business. In this regard, he has refocused the Company on its core business model of building strong global brands, enhancing sustainable customer value and leading a strong, dedicated franchise system. Along the way, Muhtar continued to deliver increased value to you, the shareowners, through continued annual increases in dividends and growth in the Company’s share price. “ I
        appreciate the trust you place in me as your Lead Independent Director. ” On May 1, the new leadership structure will
become effective. James Quincey w ill succeed Muhtar as our CEO, Muhtar will continue as the Chairman of the Board, and I will
continue to serve as your Lead Independent Director. In addition, James has been nominated for election as a Director at the 2017
Annual Meeting. See Board Leadership Structure beginning on page 26 . As we make decisions about the Board’s
leadership structure, we do so within a governance framework that provides the Board flexibility to select the best structure based
on the specific needs of the business at the time and what we believe is in the best interests of shareowners. I join with all of my fellow Board members
in a shared commitment to strong independent Board leadership and a commitment to good corporate governance practices. To that
end, at least one executive session of the non-employee Directors each year will continue to include a review of the Board’s
leadership structure and whether the position of Chairman of the Board should be held by the Chief Executive Officer or separated. A continuing focus of mine as Lead Independent
Director is ensuring the Directors have practical, hands-on experiences to help deepen our understanding of the business and also
of the key leaders who run the business. The Company has continued to facilitate market visits for the Directors as a way for us
to see how the strategy that we discuss in the boardroom comes to life in the field. In the last two years, Directors have visited
Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, China, France, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Panama, Russia, South Africa, Spain, the UK, as well as
operations in the U.S. We also believe that, as Directors, we should
help move this business forward in ways that we may be uniquely able to do. This year, we implemented innovation awards that come
directly from the Board and recognize each year Company associates who lead innovation initiatives throughout the year. I will
note that the idea for this award originated from feedback provided during our Board self-evaluation process. Finally, as I reported to you last year,
we continue to conduct a robust Board evaluation process. This is a point of interest among many of our investors who have said
that a robust evaluation process is an essential component of Board effectiveness. We agree. The Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance oversees our annual multi-step evaluation process, which provides Directors an opportunity to assess the Board and Board
committees and conduct a self-assessment. We remain committed to incorporating evaluation best practices and enhancing our disclosure
to demonstrate how the process works. See page 15 for a description of our current evaluation process. We look forward to continued
engagement with shareowners on this important topic. I appreciate the trust you place in me as
your Lead Independent Director. I commit to you that your Board will continue to promote the long-term interests of shareowners
and remains accountable to you through a variety of good governance practices, which are evolving based on shareowner input. I
encourage you to review the following Governance section to learn more. Sam Nunn 2017 Proxy Statement 13 Back to Contents ITEM 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS What am I voting on? Shareowners are being asked to elect 14 Director nominees for a one-year term. Voting recommendation: FOR the election of each Director nominee. The Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance believe the 14 Director nominees possess the necessary qualifications and experiences to provide quality advice and counsel to the Company’s management and effectively oversee the business and the long-term interests of shareowners. Board Composition and Refreshment Ensuring the Board is composed of Directors
who bring diverse viewpoints and perspectives, exhibit a variety of skills, professional experience and backgrounds, and effectively
represent the long-term interests of shareowners, is a top priority of the Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance.
The Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance believe that new perspectives and ideas are critical to a forward-looking
and strategic Board as is the ability to benefit from the valuable experience and familiarity that longer-serving Directors bring. When recommending to the Board the slate
of Director nominees for election at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners, the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance strives
to maintain an appropriate balance of tenure, turnover, diversity and skills on the Board. The committee focuses on this through
an ongoing, year-round process, which includes the annual Board evaluation
process described below. Board Refreshment Under Muhtar Kent’s leadership of the Board since 2009 Eight new Directors elected through 2016 One new Director nominee for the 2017 Annual Meeting Full rotation of Board committee chairs New Lead Independent Director elected Expanded qualifications and diversity represented on the Board Board Membership Criteria The Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance
believe there are general qualifications that all Directors must exhibit and other key qualifications and experience that should
be represented on the Board as a whole, but not necessarily by each Director. Qualifications Required of All Directors The Board and the Committee on Directors
and Corporate Governance require that each Director be a recognized person of high integrity with a proven record of success in
his or her field and have the ability to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Company.
Each Director must demonstrate innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices,
an appreciation of multiple cultures and a commitment to sustainability and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition,
the Board conducts interviews of potential Director candidates to assess intangible qualities, including the individual’s
ability to ask difficult questions and, simultaneously, to work collegially. The Board does not have a specific diversity policy, but considers
diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background and professional experience in evaluating candidates for Board membership.
Diversity is important because the Board believes that a variety of points of view contributes to a more effective decision-making
process. When recommending Director nominees for election by shareowners, the Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance focus on how the experience and skill set of each Director nominee complements those of fellow Director nominees to
create a balanced Board with diverse viewpoints and deep expertise. Key Qualifications and Experience to be Represented
on the Board The Board has identified key qualifications
and experience that are important to be represented on the Board as a whole, in light of the Company’s business strategy
and expected future business needs. The table below summarizes how these key qualifications and experience are linked to our Company’s
business. 2017 Proxy Statement 14 Back to Contents Linking
    Business Characteristics with Key Qualifications and Experience Represented on the Board The
    Company’s business is multifaceted and involves complex financial transactions in many countries and in many currencies. Marketing
    and innovation are core focuses of the Company’s business and the Company seeks to develop and deploy the world’s
    most effective marketing and innovative products and technology. Key
    Qualifications and Experience Key
    Qualifications and Experience High level of financial
    Experience Relevant senior leadership/ Chief
    Executive Officer experience Marketing
    experience Innovation/technology
    experience The
    Company’s business is truly global and multicultural, with its products sold in over 200 countries around the world. The
    Company’s business requires compliance with a variety of regulatory requirements across a number of countries and relationships
    with various governmental entities and non-governmental organizations. Key
    Qualifications and Experience Key
    Qualifications and Experience Broad international
    exposure/emerging market experience Diversity of race, ethnicity, gender,
    age, cultural background and professional experience Governmental
    or geopolitical expertise The
    Company’s business is a complicated global enterprise and most of the Company’s products are manufactured and
    sold by bottling partners around the world. The
    Board’s responsibilities include understanding and overseeing the various risks facing the Company and ensuring that
    appropriate policies and procedures are in place to effectively manage risk. Key
    Qualifications and Experience Key
    Qualifications and Experience Extensive
    knowledge of the Company’s business and/or industry Risk
    oversight/management expertise Board Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation
process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. Through this process, Directors provide
feedback and assess Board, committee and Director performance, including areas where the Board believes it is functioning effectively
and areas where the Board believes it can improve. Evaluation Components – Board, Committee,
Directors Under the leadership of the Lead Independent Director, the Committee
on Directors and Corporate Governance oversees our annual evaluation process focused on three components: (1) the Board, (2) Board
committees and (3) individual Directors. In addition, the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance regularly discusses Board
composition and effectiveness during its committee meetings. Evaluation Components The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation Each committee conducts an annual self-evaluation Each Director evaluates the Board and the committees on which he or she serves and conducts a self-assessment Multi-Step Evaluation Process The Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance periodically reviews the format of the evaluation process, including whether to utilize a third-party facilitator, to
ensure that actionable feedback is solicited on the operation and effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and Director performance.
In 2016, the evaluation process included the steps described below. An additional component of the evaluation process is undertaken
every other year, when the Lead Independent Director conducts separate one-on-one discussions with each Director to obtain additional
and direct feedback. This component will take place as part of the 2017 evaluation process. Questionnaire Committee Chairs Meet Committee/Board
    Closed Sessions Feedback
    Incorporated Directors
                                                                         provide feedback regarding: Board
        composition and structure. Meetings
        and materials. Board
        interaction with management. Effectiveness
        of the Board. Committee chairs meet to provide feedback and
    input prior to the annual Board self- evaluation closed sessions. Each committee and the full Board conduct separate
    closed self-assessment sessions. The results of the questionnaire, the committee self-assessments and other feedback are discussed
    by the Board. Based on evaluation results, changes in practices
    or procedures are considered and implemented, as appropriate. 2017 Proxy Statement 15 Back to Contents Incorporation
of Feedback Our multi-step evaluation process generates robust comments and
discussion at all levels of the Board, including with respect to Board composition and processes. These evaluation results have
led to changes designed to increase Board effectiveness and efficiency. For example, over the last few years enhancements have
been made regarding meeting materials, the structure of the Board, committee and executive session discussions, the Board evaluation
process and providing Directors with more opportunities to have hands-on experiences with our business and leaders around the world. Director Nominee Selection
Process The Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance is responsible for recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each Annual Meeting of Shareowners.
Nominees may be suggested by Directors, members of management, shareowners or, in some cases, by a third-party firm. The Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance considers a wide range of factors when assessing potential Director nominees. This assessment includes a review of the
potential nominee’s judgment, experience, independence, understanding of the Company’s business or other related industries
and such other factors as the Committee concludes are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. A potential nominee’s
qualifications are considered to determine whether they meet the qualifications required of all Directors and the key qualifications
and experience to be represented on the Board, as described above. Further, the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance
assesses how each potential nominee would impact the skills and experience represented on the Board as a whole in the context of
the Board’s overall composition and the Company’s current and future needs. Shareowner-Recommended Director Candidates Shareowners who would like the
Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance to consider their recommendations for nominees for the position of Director
should submit their recommendations in writing by mail to the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance in care of the
Office of the Secretary, The Coca-Cola Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301, by e-mail to asktheboard@coca-cola.com or
by fax to (404) 676-8409. Recommendations by shareowners that are made in accordance with these procedures will receive the
same consideration by the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance as other suggested nominees. Shareowner-Nominated Director Candidates In 2015, our Board adopted a “Proxy
Access for Director Nominations” bylaw after engaging with a number of our shareowners to understand their views on the desirability
of proxy access and the appropriate proxy access structure for the Company. The proxy access bylaw permits a shareowner, or a group
of up to 20 shareowners, owning 3% or more of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years
to nominate and include in the Company’s proxy materials Director nominees constituting up to two individuals or 20% of the
Board (whichever is greater), provided that the shareowner(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in Article
I, Section 12 of our By-Laws. See question 31 on page 90 for more information. Annual Elections of Directors;
Majority Voting Standard Directors are elected each year, at the Annual
Meeting of Shareowners, to hold office until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Because
term limits may cause the loss of experience and expertise important to the optimal operation of the Board, there are no limits
on the number of terms a Director may serve. However, the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance evaluates the qualifications
and performance of each incumbent Director before recommending the nomination of that Director for an additional term. In addition, pursuant to our Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Directors whose job responsibilities change or who reach the age of 74 are asked to submit a letter of resignation
to the Board. These letters are considered by the Board and, if applicable, annually thereafter. Our By-Laws provide that, in an election
of Directors where the number of nominees does not exceed the number of Directors to be elected, each Director must receive the
majority of the votes cast with respect to that Director. If a Director does not receive a majority vote, he or she has agreed
that a letter of resignation will be submitted to the Board. The Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance will make a recommendation
to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the
resignation taking into account the recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, which will include consideration
of the vote and any relevant input from shareowners. The Board will publicly disclose its decision and its rationale within 100
days of the certification of the election results. The Director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the
decisions of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance or the Board that concern the resignation. 2017 Proxy Statement 16 Back to Contents 2017 Director Nominees Our By-Laws provide that the number of
Directors shall be determined by the Board, which has set the number at 14. Upon the recommendation of the Committee on
Directors and Corporate Governance, the Board has nominated each of Herbert A. Allen, Ronald W. Allen, Marc Bolland, Ana
Botín, Richard M. Daley, Barry Diller, Helene D. Gayle, Alexis M. Herman, Muhtar Kent, Robert A. Kotick, Maria Elena
Lagomasino, Sam Nunn, James Quincey and David B. Weinberg for election as a Director. All of the nominees are independent
under New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) corporate governance rules, except Herbert A. Allen, Muhtar Kent and James
Quincey. See Director Independence and Related Person Transactions beginning on page 36 . Howard G. Buffett, a current
Director, will not be standing for reelection at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. Each of the Director nominees currently serves
on the Board and was elected by the shareowners at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, except for Mr. Quincey, currently the
President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, who was nominated by the Board in February 2017 to stand for election at
the meeting. In connection with the announcement that Mr. Quincey will become Chief Executive Officer effective May 1, 2017, the
Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance determined he was qualified under the Committee’s criteria to join the Board.
If elected, each Director will hold office until the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners and until his or her successor is elected
and qualified. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unable or unwilling to serve if elected. However,
if any nominee should become unable for any reason or unwilling for good cause to serve, proxies may be voted for another person
nominated as a substitute by the Board, or the Board may reduce the number of Directors. Included in each Director nominee’s
biography below is a description of select key qualifications and experience of such nominee based on the qualifications described
above. The Board and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance believe that the combination of the various qualifications
and experiences of the Director nominees would contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board and that, individually and
as a whole, the Director nominees possess the necessary qualifications to provide effective oversight of the business and quality
advice and counsel to the Company’s management. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the Director nominees. Snapshot of 2017 Director Nominees All Director nominees exhibit: High integrity A commitment to sustainability and social issues A proven record of success An appreciation of multiple cultures Innovative thinking Knowledge of corporate governance requirements and practices Our Director nominees exhibit an effective mix
    of skills, experience, diversity and fresh perspective 2017 Proxy Statement 17 Back to Contents Herbert
    A. Allen Mr. Allen is President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Allen & Company Incorporated, a privately held investment firm, and has held these positions for more than the past five years. He previously served as a Director of Convera Corporation from 2000 to 2010. Director since 1982 Age: 77 Board Committees: Executive, Finance, Management Development
        (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: None Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Extensive experience in venture capital, underwriting, mergers
        and acquisitions, private placements and money management services at Allen & Company Incorporated. Supervises Allen &
        Company Incorporated’s principal financial and accounting officers on all matters related to the firm’s financial position
        and results of operations and the presentation of its financial statements. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience President and Chief Executive Officer of Allen & Company Incorporated,
        a preeminent investment firm focused on the media, entertainment and technology industries. Extensive Knowledge of the Company’s Business and/or
        Industry Director of the Company since 1982 and through Allen & Company
        Incorporated, has served as financial advisor to the Company and its bottling partners on numerous transactions. Marketing Experience Significant marketing experience through ownership of a controlling
        interest and management of Columbia Pictures, a film production and distribution studio, from 1973 to 1982, and through a ten-year
        public company directorship at Convera Corporation, a company that used technology to help clients build an online community and
        increase their Internet advertising revenues. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive experience managing risk as President and Chief Executive
        Officer of Allen & Company Incorporated, including overseeing and advising on principal investments, public and private capital
        markets transactions and merger and acquisition transactions. Ronald
    W. Allen Mr. Allen served as Chief Executive Officer of Aaron’s, Inc. from February 2012 until his retirement in August 2014. Mr. Allen served as a Director of Aaron’s, Inc. from 1997 until August 2014. Mr. Allen also served as President of Aaron’s, Inc. from February 2012 to April 2014 and as Chairman of the Board of Aaron’s, Inc. from November 2012 until April 2014. Mr. Allen served as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Aaron’s, Inc. from November 2011 to February 2012. Mr. Allen retired as the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (“Delta”), one of the world’s largest global airlines, in July 1997. From July 1997 through July 2005, Mr. Allen was a consultant to and Advisory Director of Delta. He previously served as a Director of Guided Therapeutics Inc. from 2008 to January 2014. Director since 1991 Age: 75 Board Committees: Audit (Chair), Finance Other Public Company Boards: Aircastle Limited
(since 2006) and Forward Air Corporation (2011-2013 and since 2014) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Oversaw financial matters in his role as Chairman of the Board,
        President and Chief Executive Officer of Aaron’s, Inc., a leader in the sales and lease ownership and specialty retailing
        of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, and also served on its Audit Committee prior to
        becoming interim President and Chief Executive Officer. Serves on the Audit Committee of Aircastle Limited, a global company that
        acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to customers throughout the world. Served on the Investment Committee of Interstate
        Hotels & Resorts, Inc., a large independent hotel management company of major global brands. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Served as Chief Executive Officer of Aaron’s, Inc. from
        February 2012 to August 2014 and as its President from February 2012 to April 2014. Served as Chief Executive Officer and President
        of Delta from 1987 to 1997. During his tenure at Delta, he managed the company through very difficult times, brought it back to
        sustained profitability, established a program to lower the airline’s cost structure and grew the business through expansion
        into foreign markets. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Delta, a global
        carrier with service to countries on six continents. Serves as a Director at Aircastle Limited and served as a Director at Interstate
        Hotels & Resorts, Inc. from 2006 to 2010, each of which has international operations. Extensive Knowledge of the Company’s Business and/or
        Industry Director of the Company since 1991. Significant manufacturing
        experience as a senior executive at Aaron’s, Inc., whose business includes a furniture manufacturing division. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive risk oversight and management experience as Chief Executive
        Officer of both Delta and Aaron’s, Inc., and experience overseeing risk as a member of the Audit Committee of Aircastle Limited
        and as Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company. 2017 Proxy Statement 18 Back to Contents Marc
    Bolland Mr. Bolland is Head of European Portfolio Operations, The Blackstone Group L.P., one of the world’s leading investment firms, and has held this position since September 2016. He was Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Marks & Spencer Group p.l.c. (“Marks & Spencer”), from May 2010 through April 2016. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC, a leading supermarket chain in the UK, from September 2006 to April 2010. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Heineken N.V., one of the world’s largest brewers, from 2005 to July 2006, and as an executive board member of Heineken N.V. from 2001 to July 2006. Mr. Bolland started his career at Heineken N.V. in the Netherlands in 1987, serving in several international management positions including Managing Director of Heineken Export Group Worldwide, a subsidiary of Heineken N.V., from 1999 to 2001, and Managing Director of Heineken Slovensko, a subsidiary of Heineken N.V., from 1995 to 1998. He previously served as a Director of ManpowerGroup Inc. from 2004 to February 2015. Director since 2015 Age: 57 Board Committees: Audit Other Public Company Boards: International Consolidated
        Airlines Group, S.A. (since 2016) and Exor N.V. (since 2016) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Extensive operational and financial experience as Chief Executive
        Officer of Marks & Spencer, Chief Executive Officer of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC and Chief Operating Officer of Heineken
        N.V., all public companies, and as Head of European Portfolio Operations, The Blackstone Group L.P. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience From 2010 to 2016, served as Chief Executive Officer of Marks
        & Spencer, an international, multi-channel retailer based in the UK. From 2006 to 2010, served as Chief Executive Officer of
        WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC where he successfully led the development and implementation of its long-term strategy, turning around
        the business. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Appointed a UK Business Ambassador by the British Prime Minister
        to promote the UK in overseas markets and highlight trade and investment opportunities. Led international expansion of Marks &
        Spencer, which has stores in the UK and international locations. In addition, while at Heineken N.V., he was Managing Director
        in Slovakia, Managing Director for Heineken Export Worldwide and had responsibility for Western Europe, the U.S., Latin America,
        Northern Africa and Global Marketing. Vice Co-Chair of The Consumer Goods Forum. Marketing Expertise Extensive marketing and retail expertise as Chief Executive Officer
        of Marks & Spencer and WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC, as well as serving as Chief Operating Officer and head of Global Marketing
        for Heineken N.V., where he was responsible for brand and marketing strategies. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive experience overseeing risk as Chief Executive Officer
        of Marks & Spencer and WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC, and as Chief Operating Officer of Heineken N.V. Additional risk management
        experience as Director and Safety Committee member of International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A., one of the world’s
        largest airline groups, and as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Ana
                                         Botín Ms. Botín is Executive Chair of Banco Santander, S.A., the parent bank of Grupo Santander, and has held this position since September 2014. She has served as a Director of Banco Santander, S.A. since 1989. Ms. Botín served as Chief Executive Officer of Santander UK plc, a leading financial services provider in the UK and subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A., from December 2010 to September 2014. She has served as a Director of Santander UK plc since December 2010. Ms. Botín served as Executive Chair of Banco Español de Crédito, S.A., also a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A., from 2002 to 2010. She started her career in the banking industry at J.P. Morgan in New York in 1981 and in 1988 joined Banco Santander, S.A., where she established and led its international corporate banking business in Latin America in the 1990s. Director since 2013 Age: 56 Board Committees: Directors and Corporate Governance Other Public Company Boards: Banco Santander,
S.A. (since 1989) and Santander UK plc (since 2010) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Internationally recognized expert in the investment banking industry
        with knowledge of global macroeconomic issues. Over 36 years of experience in investment and commercial banking. Has served as
        Executive Chair of Banco Santander, S.A. since September 2014 and a member of Banco Santander, S.A.’s Board and Executive
        Committee since 1989 and of its Management Committee since 1994. Began career at J.P. Morgan in New York in 1981 where she worked
        in its investment banking and treasury service areas until 1988. Joined Banco Santander, S.A. in 1988, and subsequently served
        as Executive Chair of Banco Español de Crédito, S.A. from 2002 to 2010 and as Chief Executive Officer of Santander
        UK plc from 2010 to September 2014. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Executive Chair of Banco Santander, S.A. since September 2014.
        Also served as Chief Executive Officer of Santander UK plc from 2010 to September 2014. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Executive Chair of Banco Santander, S.A., a global financial institution
        with operations in Europe, North America, Latin America and Asia. Board member of the Institute of International Finance, a global
        association of the financial industry. Founder and Vice Chair of Fundación Empresa y Crecimiento, which finances small and
        medium sized companies in Latin America, and founder and Chair of CyD Foundation, a nonprofit organization that supports and promotes
        the contribution of Spanish universities to the country’s economic and social development. Co-founder and Chair of Fundación
        Empieza Por Educar, the Spanish member of the global Teach For All network. Diversity Spanish national; female. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive experience in the oversight and management of risks
        associated with retail and commercial banking activities as Executive Chair of Banco Santander, S.A., Chief Executive Officer of
        Santander UK plc and Executive Chair of Banco Español de Crédito, S.A. 2017 Proxy Statement 19 Back to Contents Richard
    M. Daley Mr. Daley was the Mayor of Chicago from 1989 to 2011. Mr. Daley is the Executive Chairman of Tur Partners LLC, an investment and advisory firm focusing on sustainable solutions within the urban environment, and has held this position since May 2011. He is an Of Counsel at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, a full-service law firm with attorneys in locations across the U.S. and in London and Shanghai, and has held this position since June 2011. Mr. Daley also has been a distinguished senior fellow at the University of Chicago Harris School of Public Policy since May 2011. From October 2011 to October 2016, he served as a senior advisor to JPMorgan Chase & Co., where he chaired the “Global Cities Initiative,” a joint project of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the Brookings Institution to help cities identify and leverage their greatest economic development resources. He previously served as a Director of Diamond Resorts International, Inc. from July 2013 to September 2016. Director since 2011 Age: 74 Board Committees: Audit, Directors and Corporate Governance Other Public Company Boards: None Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Significant financial experience as Executive Chairman of Tur
        Partners LLC, a North American principal investment firm, Executive Chairman of DaleyTang, LLC, an international strategic advisory
        and investment management firm, and as Mayor of Chicago, where he managed the city’s budget. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience As Mayor of Chicago, managed all aspects of a complex governmental
        organization, including its multi-billion dollar budget and over 30 departments with over 35,000 employees. Serves as Executive
        Chairman of Tur Partners LLC. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience As Mayor, helped Chicago become a prominent player in the global
        economy. Particular focus on developing relationships in China through efforts such as the Chicago-China Friendship Initiative
        Campaign. Ongoing international exposure with policymakers from around the world as distinguished senior fellow at the University
        of Chicago Harris School of Public Policy. Governmental or Geopolitical Expertise Over a 42-year career in public service. Mayor of Chicago for
        22 years and the longest serving Mayor in Chicago’s history. As Mayor, earned a reputation for improving Chicago’s
        quality of life, public school system and infrastructure, strengthening the economy and helping Chicago become among the most environmentally
        friendly cities in the world. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Significant expertise in managing and overseeing risks as Mayor
        of Chicago, including emergency and crisis management and oversight of governmental, economic, environmental, human resources and
        social risks. Barry
    Diller Mr. Diller has served as Chairman and Senior Executive of IAC/InterActiveCorp, a leading media and Internet company, since December 2010. Prior to that time, Mr. Diller held the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of IAC/InterActiveCorp (and its predecessor companies) since August 1995. Mr. Diller has also served as Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia, Inc., one of the world’s leading travel companies, since August 2005. Mr. Diller has also served as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of TripAdvisor, Inc., an online travel company, since April 2013, and served as its Chairman and Senior Executive from December 2011, when it was spun off from Expedia, Inc., until December 2012, and as a member of its Board until April 2013. Mr. Diller also served as the non-executive Chairman of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (and its predecessor companies, Ticketmaster Entertainment, Inc. and Ticketmaster) from August 2008 to October 2010 and was a member of its Board until January 2011. He previously served as a Director of Graham Holdings Company from 2000 to January 2017. Director since 2002 Age: 75 Board Committees: Directors and Corporate Governance, Executive,
        Finance (Chair), Management Development Other Public Company Boards: Expedia, Inc. (since 2005) and IAC/InterActiveCorp (since 1995) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Extensive experience in financings, mergers, acquisitions, investments
        and strategic transactions, including transactions with Silver King Broadcasting, QVC, Inc., Ticketmaster Entertainment, Inc. and
        Home Shopping Network, Inc. Served on the Finance Committee of Graham Holdings Company, a diversified education and media company. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Served as Chief Executive Officer of IAC/InterActiveCorp (and
        its predecessors) from 1995 to 2010. Beginning with QVC, Inc. in 1992, served as chief executive for a number of predecessor companies
        engaged in media and interactivity prior to the formation of IAC/InterActiveCorp. Previously served as Chief Executive Officer
        of Fox, Inc. (“Fox”) from 1984 to 1992 and was responsible for the creation of Fox Broadcasting Company, in addition
        to Fox’s motion picture operations. Prior to joining Fox, served for ten years as Chief Executive Officer of Paramount Pictures
        Corporation. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive of IAC/InterActiveCorp,
        a leading media and Internet company focused on the areas of search and applications, dating, education and fitness businesses,
        media and e-commerce, whose family of websites is one of the largest in the world. Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive of
        Expedia, Inc., one of the world’s leading online travel companies. Served as Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive of
        TripAdvisor, Inc., the world’s largest travel site. Served as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Marketing Experience Chairman and Senior Executive of IAC/InterActiveCorp, a leading
        media and Internet company comprised of widely known consumer brands, such as HomeAdvisor, Vimeo, Dictionary.com, The Daily Beast,
        Investopedia, and Match Group’s online dating portfolio. Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia, Inc., an online travel
        company which markets a variety of leisure and business travel products. Innovation/Technology Experience Significant experience and leadership roles in the media and Internet
        sectors, including experience at IAC/InterActiveCorp, with businesses in the marketing and technology industries, with brands such
        as Ask.com, About.com, Match, HomeAdvisor, DailyBurn and Vimeo, at Expedia, Inc., an online travel company, which empowers business
        and leisure travelers through technology with tools to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel, and at TripAdvisor,
        Inc., which operates the flagship TripAdvisor-branded websites and numerous other travel brands. 2017 Proxy Statement 20 Back to Contents Helene
    D. Gayle Dr. Gayle is the Chief Executive Officer of McKinsey Social Initiative, an independent nonprofit organization founded by McKinsey & Company, which brings together expert problem solvers to develop innovative approaches to complex social challenges, and has held this position since July 2015. Dr. Gayle held the positions of President and Chief Executive Officer of CARE USA, a leading international humanitarian organization, from 2006 to 2015. From 2001 to 2006, she served as program director in the Global Health Program at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Dr. Gayle started her career in public health at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) in 1984 where she held various positions over a span of 20 years, ultimately becoming the director of the CDC’s National Center for HIV, STD and TB Prevention in 1995. Director since 2013 Age: 61 Board Committees: Compensation, Public Issues and Diversity
        Review Other Public Company Boards: Colgate-Palmolive
Company (since 2010) Key Qualifications and Experience: Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Chief Executive Officer of McKinsey Social Initiative, a nonprofit
        focused on developing innovative approaches to complex social challenges, and former President and Chief Executive Officer of CARE
        USA, a leading humanitarian organization fighting global poverty, with operating support and revenues exceeding $500 million per
        year. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Currently implementing the McKinsey Social Initiative’s
        Generation program, which is aimed at fighting unemployment globally, including an initial goal of connecting one million young
        people across five countries with skills and jobs by 2020. Experience managing international operations at CARE USA, which has
        long-term programs in countries around the world, including in many emerging markets. Helped develop global health initiatives
        in leadership roles at the CDC and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Serves on the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic
        and International Studies and the Rockefeller Foundation, and on the Advisory Board of the Harvard Business School Social Enterprise
        Initiative. Member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Diversity African-American; female. Innovation/Technology Experience As Chief Executive Officer of McKinsey Social Initiative, significant
        experience using innovative approaches and initiatives to solve complex social challenges. As former Chief Executive Officer of
        CARE USA, extensive experience working to find innovative and sustainable solutions to challenging development problems. Former
        Chair of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS, advising the Secretary of Health and Human Services on innovative solutions,
        policies and programs to combat HIV/AIDS. Member of the National Academy of Medicine, an organization which works to address critical
        issues in health, medicine and related policy through its domestic and global initiatives. Governmental or Geopolitical Expertise Extensive leadership experience in the global public health field
        through service at the CDC and through a leadership position with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, directing programs on
        HIV/AIDS and other global health issues. Member of the U.S. Department of State’s Advisory Committee on International Economic
        Policy and the Secretary of State’s Advisory Committee on Public-Private Partnerships, and serves on the President’s
        Commission on White House Fellowships. Achieved the rank of Assistant Surgeon General and Rear Admiral in the U.S. Public Health
        Service. Serves on the Board of Trustees of the Brookings Institution, a think tank whose mission is to improve governance at the
        local, national, regional and global levels. Also serves as a Director of New America Foundation, a nonpartisan public policy institute
        and think tank, and ONE, an international, nonpartisan advocacy and campaigning organization that fights extreme poverty and preventable
        disease, particularly in Africa. Member of the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a preeminent
        international policy institution. Alexis
    M. Herman Ms. Herman is the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of New Ventures LLC, a corporate consulting company, and has held these positions since 2001. She served as Chair of the Business Advisory Board of Sodexo, Inc., an integrated food and facilities management services company, through 2013 and serves as Chair of Toyota Motor Corporation’s Diversity Advisory Board and Global Advisory Board. As Chair of the Company’s Human Resources Task Force from 2001 to 2006, Ms. Herman worked with the Company to identify ways to improve its human resources policies and practices following the November 2000 settlement of an employment lawsuit. From 1997 to 2001, she served as U.S. Secretary of Labor. Director since 2007 Age: 69 Board Committees: Compensation, Public Issues and
Diversity Review (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: Cummins Inc. (since
2001), ( Entergy Corporation (since 2003) and MGM Resorts International (since 2002) Key Qualifications and Experience: Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Chief Executive Officer of New Ventures LLC, a corporate consulting
        company. Former U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1997-2001. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Director of Cummins Inc., a global power leader that designs,
        manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and related technologies and serves customers in more than
        190 countries and territories. Serves as Chair on Toyota’s Diversity Advisory Board. Served as Chair of the Working Party
        for the Role of Women in the Economy for the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), an intergovernmental
        economic organization helping governments improve the economic and social well-being of people around the world. Diversity African-American; female. Governmental or Geopolitical Expertise Former U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1997 to 2001. Former White
        House Assistant to President Clinton and Director of the White House Office of Public Liaison. Served as Director of the Labor
        Department’s Women’s Bureau under President Jimmy Carter. Former Chief of Staff and former Vice Chair of the Democratic
        National Committee. Served as a Trustee of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund, and as Chair of the Working Party for the Role of Women
        in the Economy for OECD. Serves as Chair of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee for MGM Resorts International, a global
        hospitality company. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Significant expertise in management and oversight of labor and
        human relations risks, including handling the United Parcel Service workers’ strike in 1997 while U.S. Secretary of Labor.
        Chair of the Company’s Human Resources Task Force following the November 2000 settlement of an employment lawsuit. Serves
        as Lead Director and Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee of Cummins Inc. Served as Chair of The Business Advisory
        Board at Sodexo, Inc. and member of the Audit Committee of MGM Resorts International. 2017 Proxy Statement 21 Back to Contents Muhtar
    Kent Mr. Kent is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Effective May 1, 2017, Mr. Kent will continue as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company following James Quincey’s succession to the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has held the position of Chairman of the Board since April 2009 and the position of Chief Executive Officer since July 2008. Mr. Kent served as President of the Company from December 2006 through August 2015 and as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from December 2006 through June 2008. From January 2006 through December 2006, Mr. Kent served as President of Coca-Cola International and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company in February 2006. From May 2005 through January 2006, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company’s North Asia, Eurasia and Middle East Group, an organization serving a broad and diverse region that included China, Japan and Russia. Mr. Kent originally joined the Company in 1978 and held a variety of marketing and operations roles until 1995, when he became Managing Director of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited-Europe covering bottling operations in 12 countries. From 1999 until his return to the Company in May 2005, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Efes Beverage Group, a diversified beverage company with Coca-Cola and beer operations across Southeast Europe, Turkey and Central Asia. Director since 2008 Age: 64 Board Committees: Executive (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: 3M Company (since
2013) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Substantial financial experience gained in roles as Chief Executive
        Officer and President of the Company and Efes Beverage Group, both multinational companies. Oversight of complex financial transactions
        and profit and loss responsibility during prior operations and leadership roles with the Company. Serves on the Compensation Committee
        and as Chair of the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of 3M Company. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience In addition to serving as the Company’s Chief Executive
        Officer, served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Efes Beverage Group. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Over 36 years of Coca-Cola system experience including extensive
        experience in international markets. Director of 3M Company, a diversified technology company with a global presence. Immediate
        past Chairman of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum, member of the Board of Directors of the National
        Committee on United States-China Relations and a fellow of the Foreign Policy Association. Member of the Board of Directors and
        past Chairman of the United States-China Business Council and member of the Board of Directors and past Co-Chair of The Consumer
        Goods Forum. Chairman Emeritus of the US-ASEAN Business Council and a member of the Eminent Persons Group for ASEAN appointed by
        President Obama and then Secretary of State Clinton. Member of the Board of Trustees of the United States Council for International
        Business and the Center for Strategic and International Studies and member of the Board of Directors of the Special Olympics. Extensive Knowledge of the Company’s Business and/or
        Industry Chairman of the Board (since 2009), Chief Executive Officer (since
        2008), Chief Operating Officer (2006 to 2008) and President (2006 to 2015) of the Company. Joined the Company in 1978, holding
        a variety of marketing and operations leadership positions over the course of his career in the Coca-Cola system. Governmental or Geopolitical Expertise Serves as Trustee for the Center for Strategic and International
        Studies, a preeminent international policy institution. Serves as Director of the American Turkish Society whose mission is to
        enhance business, economic, political and cultural ties between the U.S. and Turkey. Also serves as a Director of the National
        Committee on United States-China Relations, Special Olympics International, the Hellenic Initiative and Suu Foundation. Robert
    A. Kotick Mr. Kotick is President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Activision Blizzard, Inc., a leading global developer and publisher of interactive entertainment content and services, and has held these positions since 2008. Mr. Kotick served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the predecessor to Activision Blizzard, Inc. from 1991 to 2008. Mr. Kotick is the co-founder of the Call of Duty Endowment, a nonprofit, public benefit corporation that seeks to help organizations that provide job placement and training services for veterans. Director since 2012 Age: 54 Board Committees: Finance, Management Development Other Public Company Boards: Activision Blizzard,
Inc. (since 1991) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Over 25 years of experience as Chief Executive Officer of Activision
        Blizzard, Inc. and its predecessor, including managing complex international operations and financial transactions. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Served as Chief Executive Officer of Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s
        predecessor for over 17 years and has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Activision Blizzard, Inc. since 2008. Marketing Experience Significant marketing experience with Activision Blizzard, Inc.
        and its predecessor, bringing extensive insight about key demographic groups and utilization of technology and social media in
        marketing. Innovation/Technology Experience As Chief Executive Officer of Activision Blizzard, Inc., a worldwide
        leader in the development, publishing and distribution of high-quality interactive entertainment content and services and other
        media, is responsible for some of the most successful entertainment franchises, including Call of Duty ® , Candy Crush ™ ,
        Destiny ® , Hearthstone ® , Overwatch ® , Skylanders ® and World of Warcraft ® . Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive experience overseeing risk as Chief Executive Officer
        of Activision Blizzard, Inc., including developing new intellectual properties and investments in complementary business opportunities. 2017 Proxy Statement 22 Back to Contents Maria
    Elena Lagomasino Ms. Lagomasino is Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office serving high net worth families, and has held these positions since March 2013. Ms. Lagomasino served as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, an affiliate of SunTrust Banks, Inc., from November 2005 through October 2012. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Lagomasino was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank, a division of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a global financial services firm. Prior to assuming this position, she was Managing Director of The Chase Manhattan Bank in charge of its Global Private Banking Group. Ms. Lagomasino had been with The Chase Manhattan Bank since 1983 in various positions in private banking. She served as a Director of the Company from April 2003 to April 2006. She previously served as a Director of Avon Products, Inc. from October 2000 to March 2016. Director since 2008 Age: 67 Board Committees: Compensation (Chair), Directors
and Corporate Governance, Management Development Other Public Company Boards: The Walt Disney Company
(since 2015) Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Over 34 years of experience in the financial industry and a recognized
        leader in the wealth management industry. Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, a global family office
        serving high net worth families. Former Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC, a wealth management firm. Founding
        member of the Institute for the Fiduciary Standard, a nonprofit formed in 2011 to provide research, education and advocacy of the
        fiduciary standard’s importance to investors receiving investment and financial advice. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Serves as Chief Executive Officer of WE Family Offices and served
        as Chief Executive Officer of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC and JPMorgan Private Bank. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Significant international experience as Chief Executive Officer
        of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Private Bank. During tenure with The Chase
        Manhattan Bank, served as Managing Director of the Global Private Banking Group, Vice President of private banking in the Latin
        America region and head of private banking for the western hemisphere. Over 39 years of experience working with Latin America.
        Exposure to international issues as a Board member of the Americas Society and the Cuba Study Group, as a Trustee of the National
        Geographic Society and as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Diversity Hispanic; female. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive oversight of risks associated with wealth management
        and investment strategies as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of WE Family Offices, and as Chief Executive Officer
        of GenSpring Family Offices, LLC and JPMorgan Private Bank. Sam
    Nunn Mr. Nunn is Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Nuclear Threat Initiative, a position he has held since 2001. The Nuclear Threat Initiative is a nonprofit organization working to reduce the global threats from nuclear, biological and chemical weapons. He is Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He served as a member of the U.S. Senate from 1972 through 1996. He previously served as a Director of General Electric Company from 1997 to April 2013 and Hess Corporation from August 2012 to May 2013. Director since 1997; Lead Independent Director since 2014 Age: 78 Board Committees: Directors and Corporate Governance (Chair),
        Finance, Public Issues and Diversity Review Other Public Company Boards: None Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Has served on the Company’s Finance Committee for over 19
        years. Served on the Finance Committee of Dell Inc. and the Audit Committees of Dell Inc. and Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Serves as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Nuclear
        Threat Initiative and served as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and International Studies from 1999
        to 2015. Former Senior Partner of King & Spalding LLP, a global law firm. Served as a U.S. Senator from Georgia from 1972 to
        1996. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience 16-year public company directorship at General Electric Company,
        a global digital industrial company which serves customers in approximately 180 countries. 14-year public company directorship
        at Chevron Corporation, which has U.S. and international subsidiaries that engage in fully integrated petroleum operations, chemicals
        operations, mining activities, power generation and energy services. 12-year public company directorship at Dell Inc., a global
        information technology company. Also served as a Director of Hess Corporation, a global independent energy company. Chairman Emeritus
        of the Board of Trustees of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a preeminent international policy institution,
        where he served as Chairman from 1999 to November 2015. Marketing Experience Regular exposure to marketing and marketing-related technology
        through directorships at Dell Inc., a global information technology company, General Electric Company, a global digital industrial
        company, and Chevron Corporation, one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies. Governmental or Geopolitical Expertise Recognized leader in the U.S. on national security and foreign
        policy. Extensive experience in government, public and social policy and international affairs as a result of his 24 years of service
        as a U.S. Senator from Georgia and since 2001 as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Nuclear Threat Initiative. During
        his tenure in the U.S. Senate, chaired the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.
        Also served on the Senate Intelligence and Small Business Committees. Continues his service in the public policy arena as Distinguished
        Professor in the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs at Georgia Institute of Technology. Served as Chair of the Public Responsibilities
        Committee at General Electric Company and served as Chair of the Public Policy Committee at Chevron Corporation. 2017 Proxy Statement 23 Back to Contents James
    Quincey Mr. Quincey is President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and has served in this position since August 2015. Effective May 1, 2017, Mr. Quincey will succeed Muhtar Kent as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and will continue as President of the Company. Mr. Quincey served as President of the Company’s Europe Group from January 2013 to August 2015, and as President of the Northwest Europe and Nordics business unit from October 2008 to January 2013. From December 2005 to October 2008, he served as President of the Mexico Division, and from December 2003 to December 2005, he served as President of the South Latin Division. Mr. Quincey joined the Company in 1996 as Director, Learning Strategy for the Latin America Group, and went on to serve in a series of operational roles of increasing responsibility in Latin America, leading to his appointment as President of the South Latin Division in 2003. Director nominee Age: 52 Board Committees: N/A Other Public Company Boards: None Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience Extensive financial experience as President and Chief Operating
        Officer and in other leadership positions in the Company, managing complex financial transactions, mergers and acquisitions, business
        strategy and international operations. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since August
        2015, and will become Chief Executive Officer as of May 1, 2017. He also served as President of the Europe Group from January 2013
        to August 2015. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience Over 20 years of Coca-Cola system experience including extensive
        experience in international markets, such as Latin America and Europe. As President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Quincey has
        responsibility for all of the Company’s operating units worldwide. Extensive Knowledge of the Company’s Business and/or
        Industry President and Chief Operating Officer (since 2015), President
        of the Europe Group (2013-2015), President of the Northwest Europe and Nordics business unit (2008-2013), and President of the
        Mexico Division (2005-2008) of the Company. Joined the Company in 1996 as Director, Learning Strategy for the Latin America Group
        and held various operational roles within the Coca-Cola system. Innovation/Technology Experience Extensive innovation experience at the Company. As President and
        Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Quincey is responsible for the Company’s information technology function. In addition, as President
        of the Europe Group, Mr. Quincey implemented innovative strategies to improve the Company’s execution and brand portfolio.
        As President of the Northwest Europe and Nordics business unit, he oversaw the Company’s acquisition of innocent juice in
        2009, which is now sold in more than 14 countries. During his tenure in Latin America, Mr. Quincey was instrumental in developing
        and executing a successful brand, pack, price and channel strategy, which has now been replicated in various forms throughout the
        Company’s global system, and in creating the Company’s current juice platform in Mexico under the Del Valle trademark
        through joint ventures with our bottling partners. David
    B. Weinberg Mr. Weinberg is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Judd Enterprises, Inc., a private, investment-management office with diverse interests in a variety of asset classes, and President of Digital BandWidth LLC, its private, early-stage technology investing affiliate, and has held these positions since 1996. From September 1989 to June 1996, Mr. Weinberg was a partner in the corporate, securities and investment-management practice of Mayer, Brown & Platt, a leading international law firm. Director since 2015 Age: 65 Board Committees: Audit Other Public Company Boards: None Key Qualifications and Experience: High Level of Financial Experience In his position as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Judd
        Enterprises, Inc., oversees substantial assets in a wide variety of asset classes. Significant experience in reviewing financial
        statements as an investor, and as a securities lawyer when structuring transactions. Previously served on the Audit Committee and
        currently serves on the Executive, Finance and Investment Committees of Northwestern University. Relevant Senior Leadership/Chief Executive Officer Experience Since 1996, has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        of Judd Enterprises, Inc., a private, investment-management office, and President of Digital BandWidth LLC, its private early-stage
        technology investing affiliate. Broad International Exposure/Emerging Market Experience As Chief Executive Officer of Judd Enterprises, Inc., oversees
        international investments. As a partner in the corporate, securities and investment-management practice of the Mayer, Brown &
        Platt law firm, structured cross-border investment-management transactions. Serves on the Board of Trustees of the Brookings Institution,
        a think tank whose mission includes improving governance at the global level. Also serves on the Investment Committee of Northwestern
        University, overseeing substantial exposure to emerging markets. Exposure to international issues as a member of the Council on
        Foreign Relations. Innovation/Technology Experience Extensive entrepreneurial experience as President of Digital Bandwidth
        LLC, overseeing investments in early stage companies focusing on technologies, including wireless networks, speech recognition,
        network security and radio frequency identification tags. Risk Oversight/Management Expertise Extensive risk oversight and management experience overseeing
        a private investment management office as Chief Executive Officer of Judd Enterprises, Inc. As a partner in the corporate, securities
        and investment-management practice of the Mayer, Brown & Platt law firm, advised clients on a broad range of regulatory and
        transactional matters. Additional risk oversight experience through former service on the Audit Committee and current service on
        the Executive, Finance and Investment Committees of Northwestern University and current service on the Audit Committee of the Company. 2017 Proxy Statement 24 Back to Contents BOARD AND COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE Role of the Board - Oversight of Strategy and Risk The Board is elected by the
shareowners to oversee their interests in the long-term health and overall success of the Company’s business and
financial strength. The Board serves as the ultimate decision-making body of the Company, except for those matters reserved
to or shared with the shareowners. The Board oversees the proper safeguarding of the assets of the Company, the maintenance
of appropriate financial and other internal controls and the Company’s compliance with applicable laws and regulations
and proper governance. The Board selects and oversees the members of senior management, who are charged by the Board with
conducting the business of the Company. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD Oversight of Strategy Oversight of Risk The Board oversees and monitors strategic planning. Business strategy is a key focus at the Board level and embedded in the work of Board committees. Company management is charged with executing business strategy and provides regular performance updates to the Board. The Board oversees risk management. Board committees, which meet regularly and report back to the full Board, play significant roles in carrying out the risk oversight function. Company management is charged with managing risk, through robust internal processes and effective internal controls. Oversight of Strategy Strategic planning and oversight of the Company’s business
strategy is a key responsibility of the Board. The Board believes that overseeing and monitoring strategy is a continuous process
and takes a multilayered approach in exercising its duties. The Board dedicates one meeting each year to focus on business strategy
and elements of strategy are addressed in every Board meeting and embedded in the work of Board committees. This ongoing effort
enables the Board to focus on Company performance over the short, intermediate and long term, as well as the quality of operations.
In addition to financial and operational performance, non-financial measures, including sustainability efforts, are discussed
regularly by the Board and Board committees. While the Board and its committees oversee strategic planning,
Company management is charged with executing the business strategy. To monitor performance against the Company’s strategic
goals, the Board receives regular updates and actively engages in dialogue with our Company’s senior leaders. These boardroom
discussions are enhanced with “hands-on” experiences, such as market visits, which provide Directors an opportunity
to see strategy execution first hand. The Board’s oversight and management’s execution
of business strategy are viewed with a long-term mindset and a focus on assessing both opportunities for and potential risks to
the Company. Oversight of Risk Inherent in the Board’s responsibilities is an understanding
and oversight of the various risks facing the Company. The Board does not view risk in isolation. Risks are considered in virtually
every business decision. The Board recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all risk. Indeed, purposeful
and appropriate risk taking is essential for the Company to be competitive on a global basis and to achieve the Company’s
long-term strategic objectives. Effective risk oversight is an important priority of the Board. The Board has implemented a risk
governance framework designed to: understand critical risks in the Company’s business
and strategy; allocate responsibilities for
risk oversight among the full Board and its committees; evaluate the Company’s
risk management processes and whether they are functioning adequately; facilitate open communication
between management and Directors; and foster an appropriate culture
of integrity and risk awareness. The Company believes that its Board leadership structure supports
the risk oversight function of the Board (see page 26 ). The Board implements its risk oversight function both as a whole and through
delegation to Board committees, which meet regularly and report back to the Board. Board Committees beginning on page 28 includes
a summary of the risk oversight focus area of the committees. 2017 Proxy Statement 25 Back to Contents While the Board and its committees oversee risk management,
Company management is charged with managing risk. The Company has robust internal processes and an effective internal control
environment that facilitate the identification and management of risks and regular communication with the Board. These include
an enterprise risk management program, a Risk Council and Risk Steering Committee under the leadership of the Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, regular internal management Disclosure Committee meetings, Codes of Business Conduct, robust
product quality standards and processes, a strong Legal Department and Ethics and Compliance Office, and a comprehensive internal
and external audit process. The Board and the Audit Committee monitor and oversee the evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal
controls and the risk management program. Management communicates routinely
with the Board, Board committees and individual Directors on the significant risks identified and how they are being managed.
Directors are free to, and indeed often do, communicate directly with senior management. To learn more about risks facing the Company, you can review
the factors included in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2016 (the “Form 10-K”). The risks described in the Form 10-K are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known or that may currently be deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Board Leadership Structure The Company’s governance framework provides the Board
with flexibility to select the appropriate Board leadership structure for the Company. In making leadership structure determinations,
the Board considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests of the Company’s
shareowners. Having the flexibility to select the appropriate structure based
on the specific needs of the business is critical, and it is part of the judgment the Board believes it should exercise. The Board
understands that Board leadership structure is an important topic for many shareowners, and the Board takes shareowner feedback
into account when making determinations around Board leadership structure. Details and Rationale – Current Structure Our current Board leadership structure comprises a “combined”
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, a Lead Independent Director, Board committees led primarily by independent
Directors and active engagement by all Directors. The duties and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board,
the Lead Independent Director and the Chief Executive Officer are described in the table below and are set forth in the Company’s
By-Laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines. Since Mr. Kent took on the combined Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer role in 2009, the Board has been satisfied that having one person in the combined role provides certain
synergies and efficiencies that enhance the functioning of the Board and serve the business and shareowners well over time. The
Company’s business is complex and its products are sold in more than 200 countries around the world. Most of the Company’s
products are manufactured and sold by independent bottling partners throughout the world. This franchise structure requires the
Chief Executive Officer to maintain strong, hands-on relationships with the leaders of the bottlers wherever they exist and to
be close to the many facets of the business existing in so many places in the world. Because the Chief Executive Officer is the
Board member closest to our complex business, he is best able to identify many of the business issues that need to be on the Board
agenda, and, as Chairman of the Board, he can focus Directors’ attention on the most critical business matters. Further, a combined Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer helps facilitate timely and unfiltered communication with the Board on critical business issues. The Board also believes
that there are benefits when having the same person represent both the Company and the Board throughout the world with bottlers,
customers, consumers and other stakeholders. Importantly, all Directors play an active role in overseeing
the Company’s business both at the Board and committee levels. As part of each regularly scheduled Board meeting, the non-employee
Directors meet in executive session without the Chief Executive Officer present. These meetings allow non-employee Directors to
discuss issues of importance to the Company, including the business and affairs of the Company as well as matters concerning management,
without any member of management present. In addition, the independent Directors meet in executive session several times a year
at regularly scheduled Board meetings. Details and Rationale – New Structure in Connection
with CEO Transition In December 2016, the Board decided to split the Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer roles when they appointed James Quincey to succeed Muhtar Kent as Chief Executive Officer,
effective May 1, 2017. As part of the Chief Executive Officer transition, Mr. Kent will continue as Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Mr. Quincey has been nominated for election as a Director at the 2017 Annual Meeting. Sam Nunn will continue to serve as the
Lead Independent Director. As noted above, the Board has flexibility to choose a different
Board leadership structure if and when it believes circumstances so warrant. The Board believes that instituting an orderly transition
period while continuing the partnership between Mr. Kent and Mr. Quincey, with an adjusted focus for each, will enable both executives
to apply their strongest skills to continuing the sustained growth of our business. Mr. Quincey, as Chief Executive Officer, will
assume complete accountability for the Company’s strategic direction and operations, and Mr. Kent, as Chairman of the Board,
will lead the Board and focus on governance. 2017 Proxy Statement 26 Back to Contents Mr. Kent and the Board will continue to periodically evaluate
the Board leadership structure to ensure that the Board’s structure is appropriate in light of the needs of the business.
Consistent with our commitment to good corporate governance practices, at least one executive session of the non-employee Directors each year
will include a review of the Board’s leadership structure and consideration of whether the position of Chairman of the Board
should be held by the Chief Executive Officer. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer Presides over meetings of the Board. Presides over meetings of shareowners. Consults and advises the Board and its committees on the business and affairs of the Company. Performs such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. In general charge of the affairs of the Company, subject to the overall direction and supervision of the Board and its committees and subject to such powers as reserved by the Board. Lead Independent Director Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman of the Board is not present, including all meetings of independent Directors and non-employee Directors. Encourages and facilitates active participation of all Directors. Serves as a liaison between the independent Directors and the Chairman of the Board on sensitive issues and otherwise when appropriate. Approves Board meeting materials for distribution to and consideration by the Board. Approves Board meeting agendas after conferring with the Chairman of the Board and other members of the Board, as appropriate, and may add agenda items at his or her discretion. Approves Board meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Has the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors. Leads the Board’s annual evaluation of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Monitors and coordinates with management on corporate governance issues and developments. Available to advise the committee chairs in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities to the Board. Available for consultation and communication with shareowners where appropriate, upon reasonable request. Performs such other functions as the Board or other Directors may request. 2017 Proxy Statement 27 Back to Contents Board Committees The Board has an Audit Committee, a
Compensation Committee, a Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, an Executive Committee, a Finance Committee, a
Management Development Committee and a Public Issues and Diversity Review Committee. The Board has adopted a written charter
for each of these committees, which is available on the Company’s website www.coca-colacompany.com , by clicking
on “Investors” and then “Corporate Governance.” Information about each committee is provided
below. AUDIT COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 12 Members 1 Independence 2 Skills/qualifications Ronald W. Allen (Chair) Marc Bolland Richard M. Daley David B. Weinberg 1 Ronald W. Allen was appointed Chair of the Audit Committee
in October 2016 following the resignation of Evan G. Greenberg. Richard M. Daley was appointed to the Audit Committee in December
2016. 2 The Board has designated each of Messrs. Allen and Weinberg
as an “Audit Committee financial expert”. Each member is financially literate and meets the independence requirements
of the NYSE, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and the Company’s Corporate
Governance Guidelines. Additional information regarding the Audit Committee
can be found beginning on page 77 . COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 8 Members 1 Independence 2 Skills/qualifications Maria Elena Lagomasino (Chair) Helene D. Gayle Alexis M. Herman 1 Ronald W. Allen also served on the Compensation Committee
in 2016 through the October 2016 meeting, when he was appointed Chair of the Audit Committee. 2 Each member of the Compensation Committee meets the
independence requirements of the NYSE, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Tax Code”) and the Company’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines. Additional information regarding the Compensation Committee
can be found beginning on page 44 . Primary Responsibilities: Represents and assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight
responsibility relating to the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting process, the
systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the internal audit function and the annual independent audit of the Company’s
financial statements. Oversees the Company’s compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, the Independent Auditors’ qualifications and independence, the performance of the Company’s
internal audit function and the Independent Auditors, the Company’s ethical compliance programs, including the Company’s
Codes of Business Conduct, and the Company’s quality, safety, environmental assurance and information technology security
programs. Oversees the Company’s enterprise risk management
(“ERM”) program and has direct oversight over certain risks within the ERM framework. Periodically receives reports
on and discusses governance of the Company’s risk assessment and risk management processes and reviews significant risks
and exposures identified to the Committee (whether financial, operating or otherwise), and management’s steps to address
them. Risk Oversight Focus Area: The Company’s financial statements, the financial
reporting process, accounting and legal matters, the internal audit function, ethics programs (including the Codes of Business
Conduct), quality, safety, environmental assurance and information technology security programs, including cybersecurity. Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for evaluating and approving compensation plans,
policies and programs applicable primarily to the Company’s senior executive group, which includes all individuals subject
to Section 16 of the 1934 Act. Approves all equity awards to employees, including stock
options, performance share units, restricted stock and restricted stock units. Sole authority to retain, terminate, approve fees and other
terms of engagement of its compensation consultant and to obtain advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting
or other advisors. Understands and considers shareowner viewpoints on compensation. Risk Oversight Focus Area: The Company’s compensation philosophy and programs,
including incorporating features that mitigate risk without diminishing the incentive nature of the compensation. Legend: Key Qualifications and Experience (see page 15 ) High level of financial experience Relevant senior leadership/ Chief Executive Officer experience Broad international exposure/emerging market experience Diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background or professional experience Extensive knowledge of the Company’s business and/or industry Marketing experience Innovation/ technology experience Governmental or geopolitical expertise Risk oversight/ management expertise 2017 Proxy Statement 28 Back to Contents COMMITTEE ON DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Meetings Held in 2016: 5 Members Independence 1 Skills/qualifications Sam Nunn (Chair) Ana Botín Richard M. Daley Barry Diller Maria Elena Lagomasino 1 Each member of the Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance meets the independence requirements of the NYSE and the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Additional information regarding the Committee on Directors
and Corporate Governance can be found beginning on page 13 . Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for considering and making recommendations
concerning Director nominees and the function and needs of the Board and its committees. Regularly reviews the Company’s Corporate Governance
Guidelines and provides oversight of the corporate governance affairs of the Board and the Company consistent with the long-term
best interests of the Company and its shareowners. Coordinates the annual Board, committee and Director evaluation
process, which is led by the Lead Independent Director. Understands and considers shareowner viewpoints on corporate
governance matters. Risk Oversight Focus Area: The Company’s governance practices, Board composition
and refreshment and committee leadership. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 0 Members Independence Skills/qualifications Muhtar Kent (Chair) Herbert A. Allen Barry Diller Primary Responsibilities: Authorized to exercise the power and authority of the Board
between meetings, except the powers reserved for the Board or the shareowners by Delaware General Corporation Law. If matters
are delegated to the Executive Committee by the Board, the Committee may act at a meeting or by written consent in lieu of a meeting. FINANCE COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 6 Members 1 Independence Skills/qualifications Barry Diller (Chair) Herbert A. Allen Ronald W. Allen Robert A. Kotick Sam Nunn 1 Evan G. Greenberg also served as a member of the Finance
Committee in 2016 prior to his resignation on October 1. Ronald W. Allen was added as a member in October 2016. Primary Responsibilities: Helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to
oversight of the Company’s financial affairs, including reviewing and recommending to the Board dividend policy, capital
expenditures, debt and other financings, major strategic investments and other transactions. Oversees the Company’s policies and procedures on
risk management, hedging, swaps and other derivative transactions. Risk Oversight Focus Area: The Company’s capital structure, pension plan investments,
currency risk and hedging programs, taxes, mergers and acquisitions and capital projects. Legend: Key Qualifications and Experience (see page 15 ) High level of financial experience Relevant senior leadership/ Chief Executive Officer experience Broad international exposure/emerging market experience Diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background or professional experience Extensive knowledge of the Company’s business and/or industry Marketing experience Innovation/ technology experience Governmental or geopolitical expertise Risk oversight/ management expertise 2017 Proxy Statement 29 Back to Contents MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 4 Members Independence Skills/qualifications Herbert A. Allen (Chair) Barry Diller Robert A. Kotick Maria Elena Lagomasino Primary Responsibilities: Helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to
oversight of talent development for senior positions and succession planning. Risk Oversight Focus Areas: Management development and succession planning across senior
management positions. PUBLIC ISSUES AND DIVERSITY REVIEW COMMITTEE Meetings Held in 2016: 4 Members 1 Independence Skills/qualifications Alexis M. Herman (Chair) Helene D. Gayle Sam Nunn 1 Howard G. Buffett will serve on the Public Issues and
Diversity Review Committee until the 2017 Annual Meeting. Mr. Buffett is not standing for reelection at the 2017 Annual Meeting. Primary Responsibilities: Helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to
diversity, sustainability, corporate social responsibility and public issues of significance, which may affect the shareowners,
the Company, the business community and the general public. Risk Oversight Focus Areas: Issues that could pose significant reputational risk to
the Company. Meetings and Attendance Regular meetings of the Board are held at such times as the
Board may determine. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman, the Company’s Secretary or by a majority of
the Directors by written request to the Secretary. Committee meetings can be called by the committee’s chair or by a majority
of committee members. In 2016, the Board held six meetings and committees of the Board
held a total of 39 meetings. Overall attendance at such meetings was approximately 98%. Each Director attended 75% or more of
the aggregate of all meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served during 2016. Legend: Key Qualifications and Experience (see page 15 ) High level of financial experience Relevant senior leadership/ Chief Executive Officer experience Broad international exposure/emerging market experience Diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background or professional experience Extensive knowledge of the Company’s business and/or industry Marketing experience Innovation/ technology experience Governmental or geopolitical expertise Risk oversight/ management expertise 2017 Proxy Statement 30 Back to Contents ADDITIONAL GOVERNANCE MATTERS Shareowner Engagement Our Board believes that shareowners should have line of sight
into decisions made in the boardroom. We do this by making a full-time effort of building relationships and trust over time with
our shareowners. We have for some time cultivated meaningful and value-added relationships with our shareowners through an engagement
program that is management led and overseen by the Board. Shareowner Engagement Our longstanding commitment to shareowner engagement includes: An engagement program that is management led and overseen by the Board Dedicated resources to actively engage with shareowners on a variety of topics throughout the year Engagements designed to address questions and concerns, seek input and provide perspective on Company policies
    and practices Feedback provided to the Board on a regular basis and reflected in enhancements to policies and practices The Board long ago established dedicated resources to actively
engage with shareowners. The Company engages with shareowners on a variety of topics throughout the year to ensure we are addressing
questions and concerns, to seek input and to provide perspective on Company policies and practices. Shareowner feedback from this engagement is considered by the
Board and reflected in enhancements to policies and practices. One recent example is our adoption of a proxy access bylaw, which
the Board adopted following several months of thoughtful discussions with shareowners. In addition to direct engagement, the Company has instituted
a number of complementary mechanisms that allow shareowners to effectively communicate a point of view with the Board, including: the annual election of Directors and a majority vote standard (see page 16 ); the annual advisory vote to approve executive compensation (see page 43 ); our commitment to thoughtfully consider shareowner proposals submitted to the Company (see page 90 ); the ability to attend and voice opinions at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners (see page 87 ); our dedicated 2017 Annual Meeting page on our Company website (see page 88 ); the ability to direct communications to individual Directors or the entire Board (see page 89 ); adoption of a proxy access bylaw (see page 90 ); and a quarterly newsletter for our shareowners (see www.coca-colacompany.com/shareowner-newsletter-signup ). Public Policy Engagement We participate in public policy discussions on issues related
to our industry and business priorities, our more than 700,000 system associates, our shareowners and the communities we serve. In the U.S., our Company and our affiliated political action
committees comply with applicable laws and other requirements regarding contributions to political organizations; candidates for
federal, state and local public office; ballot measure campaigns; political action committees; and trade associations. We engage
with these organizations and individuals to make our views clear and uphold our commitment to help support the communities in
which we operate. We base our U.S. political contributions on many considerations, supporting candidates whose priorities align
with those of our Company when it comes to core issues that affect our business. The Public Issues and Diversity Review Committee of our Board
of Directors reviews our advocacy efforts, including political contributions. See page 30 for more information about the Public
Issues and Diversity Review Committee. Additional information about our public policy engagement efforts, including our political
contributions policy and a report of U.S. political contributions from our Company and from associate-funded programs, which include
The Coca-Cola Company Nonpartisan Committee for Good Government and various other state political action committees, can be viewed
on our Company website, www.coca-colacompany.com , by clicking on “Investors” and then “Public Policy
Engagement.” Sustainability We are committed to integrating sustainability into our everyday
actions to help create value for shareowners and the communities in which we operate. In everything we do, we aim to strengthen
the foundations of our business and the communities we serve so that all thrive long into the future. Our approach to sustainability
is guided by our shared vision for how we strive to create social value and make a positive difference for the communities we
serve through enhancing people’s well-being, building stronger communities and working 2017 Proxy Statement 31 Back to Contents to protect the environment we all share. We believe the majority
of innovation over the next decade will happen at the intersection of sustainability and the supply chain. Working collaboratively
with our bottling partners, we share best practices and knowledge to better manage water resources and we partner at every stage
of our value chain, from ingredient sourcing to packaging recovery, to build business resiliency and add value across our system,
enabling the economic empowerment of women along the way. The Public Issues and Diversity Review Committee of our Board
of Directors reviews the nature and scope of the Company’s sustainability goals and the Company’s progress toward
achieving those goals. The Committee also receives, at least annually, presentations by the Chief Sustainability Officer, and
others as required, related to the accomplishment of the Company’s sustainability goals. See page 30 for more information
about the Public Issues and Diversity Review Committee. In addition, our pay-for-performance philosophy awards executives
in a way that motivates them to operate the Company’s business in a profitable and sustainable manner. To learn more about the Company’s sustainability efforts,
including our comprehensive sustainability commitments, please view our 2015/2016 Sustainability Report on the Company’s
website, by visiting www.coca-colacompany.com/sustainability . Special Meeting of Shareowners Our By-Laws provide that a special
meeting of shareowners may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, a majority of our Board or
the Secretary, if appropriately requested by a person (or group of persons) beneficially owning at least a 25% “net
long position” of the Company’s Common Stock. A shareowner’s “net long position” is
generally defined as the amount of Common Stock in which the shareowner holds a positive (also known as “long”)
economic interest, reduced by the amount of Common Stock in which the shareowner holds a negative (also known as
“short”) economic interest. Anti-Hedging, Anti-Short Sale and Anti-Pledging Policies The Company’s anti-hedging policy prohibits Directors,
the Company’s executive officers and other designated employees from purchasing any financial instrument that is designed
to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of the Company’s Common Stock, including prepaid variable forward contracts,
equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Directors, the Company’s executive officers and other designated employees are
also prohibited from engaging in short sales related to the Company’s Common Stock. All other employees are discouraged
from entering into hedging transactions and engaging in short sales related to Common Stock. The Company’s anti-pledging policy discourages any pledging
of the Company’s Common Stock, including holding Common Stock in a margin account. In addition, Directors and the Company’s
executive officers are required to obtain pre-approval from the Company’s General Counsel before pledging shares of Common
Stock. Such approval will be granted only if the individual can clearly demonstrate the financial capacity to repay the loan without
resorting to the pledged securities. Codes of Business Conduct The Company has adopted a Code of
Business Conduct for Non-Employee Directors. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to
the Company’s employees, including the Named Executive Officers. Our associates, bottling partners, suppliers,
customers and consumers can ask questions about our Code and other ethics and compliance issues, or report potential
violations, through EthicsLine, a global Internet and telephone information and reporting service. The Codes of Business
Conduct and information about EthicsLine are available on the Company’s website at www.coca-colacompany.com , by
clicking on “Investors”, then “Corporate Governance” and then “Code of Business Conduct.”
In the event the Company amends or waives any of the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct applicable to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer or controller that relates to any element of the definition of “code of
ethics” enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K under the 1934 Act, the Company intends to disclose these actions
on the Company’s website. View the Company’s Governance Materials You can view the Company’s governance materials, including
the Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board Committee Charters on the Company’s
website, www.coca-colacompany.com , click on “Investors” and then “Corporate Governance.” Instructions
on how to obtain copies of these materials are included in the response to question 27 , on page 89 . 2017 Proxy Statement 32 Back to Contents Communicate with the Board The Board has established a process to facilitate communication
by shareowners and other interested parties with Directors. Communications can be addressed to Directors in care of the Office
of the Secretary, The Coca-Cola Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301 or by e-mail to asktheboard@coca-cola.com . Communications may be distributed to all Directors, or to any
individual Director, as appropriate. At the direction of the Board, all mail received may be opened and screened for security
purposes. In addition, items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board shall not be distributed. Such
items include, but are not limited to: spam; junk mail and mass mailings; product complaints or inquiries; new product suggestions; resumes and other forms of job inquiries; surveys; and business solicitations or advertisements. In addition, material that is trivial, obscene, unduly hostile,
threatening or illegal or similarly unsuitable items will be excluded; however, any communication that is excluded will be made
available to any independent, non-employee Director upon request. To answer the many questions we receive about our Company and
our products, we offer detailed information about common areas of interest on the “Contact Us” page of our website, www.coca-colacompany.com/contact-us . DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance is responsible
for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding all matters pertaining to compensation paid to Directors for Board,
committee and committee chair services. Under the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance’s charter, the Committee
is authorized to engage consultants or advisors in connection with its review and analysis of Director compensation, although
it did not engage any consultants or advisors in 2016. Directors who also serve as employees of the Company do not receive payment
for service as Directors. In making non-employee Director compensation recommendations,
the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance takes various factors into consideration, including, but not limited to, the
responsibilities of Directors generally, as well as committee chairs, and the form and amount of compensation paid to Directors
by comparable companies. The Board reviews the recommendations of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance and determines
the form and amount of Director compensation. Director compensation is provided under The Coca-Cola Company
Directors’ Plan effective January 1, 2013 (the “Directors’ Plan”), which is described further below. The
Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance and the Board believe that the Directors’ Plan: ties the majority of Directors’ compensation to shareowner interests because the value of share
    units fluctuates up or down depending on the stock price; focuses on the long term, since the share units are not paid until after the Director leaves the Board; and is equitable based on the work required of Directors serving an entity of the Company’s size and scope. 2016 Annual Compensation No changes were made to Director
compensation in 2016. Under the Directors’ Plan, 2016 annual compensation to non-employee Directors consisted of
$50,000 paid in cash in quarterly installments and $200,000 credited in deferred share units. Non-employee Directors have the
option of deferring all or a portion of their cash compensation into share units that are paid out in cash after leaving the
Board. The number of share units awarded to non-employee Directors is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that
could be purchased on the open market for $200,000 on April 1 (or the next business day if April 1 is not a business day).
Share units do not have voting rights but are credited with hypothetical dividends that are reinvested in additional units to
the extent dividends on Common Stock are received by shareowners. Share units will be paid out in cash on the later of (i)
January 15 of the year following the year in which the Director leaves the Board and (ii) six months after the Director
leaves the Board. Directors may elect to take their payout in a lump sum or in up to five annual installments. In addition, each non-employee Director who served as a committee
chair in 2016 received an additional $20,000 in cash, or a prorated portion thereof where applicable. Directors do not receive
fees for attending Board or committee meetings. Non-employee Directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with Board-related activities. 2017 Proxy Statement 33 Back to Contents The following table details the total compensation of the Company’s
non-employee Directors for the year ended December 31, 2016. 2016 Director Compensation Table Name 1 (a) Fees
                                                                                                     Earned or Paid
                                                                                                     in Cash ($) (b) Stock
                                                                                                     Awards ($) (c) Option Awards ($) (d) Non-Equity Incentive
                                                                                                     Plan Compensation ($) (e) Change
                                                                                                     in Pension
                                                                                                     Value and
                                                                                                     Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (f) All
                                                                                                     Other Compensation ($) (g) Total ($) (h) Herbert A. Allen $ 70,000 $ 200,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 292 $ 270,292 Ronald W. Allen 2 58,000 200,000 0 0 0 1,198 259,198 Marc Bolland 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 292 250,292 Ana Botín 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 43 250,043 Howard G. Buffett 3 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 7,742 257,742 Richard M. Daley 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 3,699 253,699 Barry Diller 70,000 200,000 0 0 0 1,773 271,773 Helene D. Gayle 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 43 250,043 Evan G. Greenberg 2 51,356 127,245 0 0 0 249 178,850 Alexis M. Herman 70,000 200,000 0 0 0 21,366 291,366 Robert A. Kotick 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 43 250,043 Maria Elena Lagomasino 70,000 200,000 0 0 0 14,161 284,161 Sam Nunn 70,000 200,000 0 0 0 33,151 303,151 David B. Weinberg 50,000 200,000 0 0 0 1,277 251,277 1 Muhtar Kent is a Company employee and therefore receives
no compensation under the Directors’ Plan. 2 Mr. Greenberg resigned from the Board effective October
1, 2016. Therefore, the information above reflects his service on the Board through the end of September 2016. Ronald W. Allen
became Chair of the Audit Committee in October 2016, succeeding Mr. Greenberg, and therefore the information above reflects the
prorated Chair fee for each. 3 Mr. Buffett is not standing for election at the
    2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (Column
(b)) The amounts reported in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column
reflect the cash fees earned by each non-employee Director in 2016, whether or not such fees were deferred. In addition to the
$50,000 annual cash fees (or prorated portion thereof), each of Mses. Herman and Lagomasino, and Messrs. H. Allen, R. Allen, Diller,
Greenberg and Nunn received an additional $20,000 (or prorated portion thereof) for service as a committee chair. Ms. Botín and Messrs. Daley, Kotick and Weinberg each
deferred their 2016 cash compensation into 1,076 share units. Ms. Lagomasino and Messrs. Diller and Nunn each deferred their 2016
cash compensation into 1,506 share units. Mr. R. Allen deferred his 2016 cash compensation into 1,269 share units, which reflects
a prorated number of share units as Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Greenberg deferred his 2016 cash compensation into 1,065
share units, which reflects a prorated number of share units due to his resignation. The number of share units is equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock that could be purchased for the deferred amount based on the average of the high and low prices
of a share of Common Stock on April 1, 2016. Stock Awards (Column
(c)) The amounts reported in the Stock
Awards column reflect the grant date fair value associated with each Director’s share units that are required to be
deferred under the Directors’ Plan, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board Accounting Standards Codification 718, Compensation–Stock Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”). The number
of share units reported for Mr. Greenberg represents a prorated number of share units due to his resignation. The table below shows the number of outstanding share units held
by each Director as of December 30, 2016, the last trading day of the year. Director Outstanding Share Units as of 12/30/2016 Mr. H. Allen 80,113 Mr. R. Allen 79,747 Mr. Bolland 9,704 Ms. Botín 21,137 Mr. Buffett 29,710 Mr. Daley 31,960 Mr. Diller 113,624 Ms. Gayle 19,846 Mr. Greenberg 35,996 Ms. Herman 42,130 Mr. Kotick 30,183 Ms. Lagomasino 45,527 Mr. Nunn 140,081 Mr. Weinberg 10,814 2017 Proxy Statement 34 Back to Contents All Other Compensation (Column
(g)) As described further below, the amounts reported in the All Other
Compensation column reflect, where applicable, Company matching gifts to nonprofit organizations, medical and dental insurance,
the costs of Company products provided to Directors without charge, certain amenities and gifts provided to Directors in a connection
with a Board meeting and a global system meeting, and the premiums for life insurance (including accidental death and dismemberment
and business travel accident coverage). In addition, infrequently, spouses and guests of Directors may ride along on Company aircraft
for personal reasons when the aircraft is already going to a specific destination for a business reason, which has minimal incremental
cost to the Company. When this occurs, a nominal amount is included in the All Other Compensation column. In addition, income
is imputed to the Director for income tax purposes and the Director is not provided a tax reimbursement. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits The Directors are eligible to participate in the Company’s
matching gifts program, which is the same program available to all U.S. based employees and retirees. In 2016, this program matched
up to $10,000 of charitable contributions on a two-for-one basis to tax-exempt arts, cultural, environmental and educational organizations.
The amounts paid by the Company in 2016 to match gifts made by the non-employee Directors under this program are set forth in
the table below. The total cost of matching contributions on behalf of the non-employee Directors for 2016 gifts was $40,000. Name Matching Gifts Ms. Herman $ 20,000 Mr. Nunn 20,000 For Directors who elected coverage prior to 2006 (Mr. Nunn),
the Company provides medical and dental coverage on the same terms and at the same cost as available to U.S. Company employees.
This coverage was discontinued in 2006 for all other Directors. The total cost for this health coverage in 2016 was $10,654. To help expand the Directors’ knowledge of the Company’s
products, the Company provides certain products to Directors’ offices without charge. The total cost of Company products
provided during 2016 to non-employee Directors was $30,087. In connection with a Board meeting and a global system meeting,
Directors received certain amenities and gifts, the total cost of which was $2,114. Insurance Premiums For Directors who elected coverage prior to 2006, the Company
provides life insurance coverage, which includes $30,000 term life insurance and $100,000 group accidental death and dismemberment
insurance. This coverage was discontinued in 2006 for all other Directors. The Company cost for this insurance for participating
non-employee Directors is set forth in the table below. The total cost for these insurance benefits to the participating non-employee
Directors in 2016 was $2,158. Name Life Insurance Premiums Mr. R. Allen $ 738 Mr. Diller 682 Mr. Nunn 738 Business travel accident insurance coverage of $200,000 is provided
to all non-employee Directors while traveling on Company business, at a Company cost of $1 per Director per year. 2017 Proxy Statement 35 Back to Contents DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS Independence Determinations Under the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE
and the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board must consist of a majority of independent Directors. In making
independence determinations, the Board observes NYSE and Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) criteria and considers
all relevant facts and circumstances. Under NYSE corporate governance listing standards, to be considered independent: the Director must not have a disqualifying relationship, as defined in the NYSE standards; and the Board must affirmatively determine that the Director otherwise has no material relationship with the Company directly,
    or as an officer, shareowner or partner of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. To aid in the Director
    independence assessment process, the Board has adopted categorical standards that identify categories of relationships that
    the Board has determined would not affect a Director’s independence. These categorical standards, which are part of
    the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, are described below. Categorical Standards The following will not be considered material relationships that
would impair a Director’s independence: Immaterial Sales/Purchases The Director is an executive officer or employee or any member of his or her immediate family is an
    executive officer of any other organization that does business with the Company and the annual sales to, or purchases from,
    the Company are less than $1 million or 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of such organization, whichever is more. Immaterial Indebtedness The Director or any member of his or her immediate family is an executive officer of any other organization which is indebted
    to the Company, or to which the Company is indebted, and the total amount of either company’s indebtedness to the other
    is less than $1 million or 1% of the total consolidated assets of the organization on which the Director or any member of
    his or her immediate family serves as an executive officer, whichever is more. Immaterial Position The Director is a director or trustee, but not an executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family is a
    director, trustee or employee, but not an executive officer, of any other organization (other than the Company’s outside
    auditing firm) that does business with, or receives donations from, the Company. Immaterial Ownership The Director or any member of his or her immediate family holds a less than 10% interest in any other organization that
    has a relationship with the Company. Immaterial Nonprofit Relationship The Director or any member of his or her immediate family serves as an executive officer of a charitable or educational
    organization which receives contributions from the Company in a single fiscal year of less than $1 million or 2% of that organization’s
    consolidated gross revenues, whichever is more. In addition, when determining Director independence, the Board
does not consider transactions: with entities for which a Director or an immediate family member served only as a director or trustee; of less than $120,000; and with entities in which the Director’s or an immediate family member’s only interest is a less than 10% ownership
    interest. The Board, through its Committee on
Directors and Corporate Governance, annually reviews all relevant business relationships any Director nominee and any person
who served as a Director during 2016 may have with the Company. As a result of its annual review, the Board has determined
that none of the following Director nominees has a material relationship with the Company and, as a result, such Director
nominees are independent: Ronald W. Allen, Marc Bolland, Ana Botín, Richard M. Daley, Barry Diller, Helene D. Gayle,
Alexis M. Herman, Robert A. Kotick, Maria Elena Lagomasino, Sam Nunn and David B. Weinberg. In addition, the Board previously
determined that Evan G. Greenberg, who served as a Director for a portion of 2016, and Howard G. Buffett, who will serve as a
Director until the 2017 Annual Meeting, are independent. None of the Directors who were determined to be independent had any
relationships that were outside the categorical standards identified above. Muhtar Kent, the Chairman of the Board, also serves as the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and therefore is not an independent Director. James Quincey currently serves as the Company’s President
and Chief Operating Officer and therefore, if elected, will not be an independent Director. Even though Herbert A. Allen is not
currently determined to be independent, he contributes greatly to the Board and the Company through his wealth of experience,
expertise and judgment. All of the Directors who serve as members of the Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance are independent as required by the NYSE corporate governance
rules. Under these rules, Audit Committee members also satisfy the separate SEC independence requirement and the Compensation
Committee members satisfy the additional NYSE independence requirement. 2017 Proxy Statement 36 Back to Contents The table below summarizes the relationships that were considered
in connection with the independence determinations. None of the transactions described below were considered material relationships
that impacted the applicable Director’s independence. Director Categorical Standard Description of Relationship Ana Botín Immaterial Sales/Purchases The Board examined the interest received on the Company’s investment of certain cash with Banco Santander, S.A.
    where Ana Botín, one of our Directors, is Executive Chairman. The Board determined that the relationship was not material
    since (i) the amounts involved were less than 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of both the Company and Banco Santander,
    S.A., (ii) the investments were made in the ordinary course of business and generated market rate returns and (iii) the Company
    has had a relationship with Banco Santander, S.A. for many years prior to Ms. Botín’s service as a Director of
    the Company. Howard G. Buffett Immaterial Sales/Purchases The Board examined the Company’s relationship with Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire Hathaway”) and
    its subsidiaries and affiliates. Howard G. Buffett is a Director of Berkshire Hathaway and his father, Warren E. Buffett,
    is the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and major stockholder of Berkshire Hathaway. This relationship is described
    beginning on page 38 . The Board determined that the relationship was not material since (i) the amounts involved were less
    than 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of both the Company and Berkshire Hathaway, (ii) the payments made and received
    were for various products and services in the ordinary course of business and (iii) the Company has had a relationship with
    most of these entities for many years prior to when they were owned by Berkshire Hathaway and prior to Mr. Buffett’s
    service as a Director of the Company. Barry Diller Immaterial Sales/Purchases The Board examined payments made by the Company to IAC/InterActiveCorp and its subsidiaries (“IAC”) where
    Barry Diller, one of our Directors, is Chairman of the Board and Senior Executive. The Board determined that the relationship
    was not material since (i) the amounts involved were less than 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of both the Company and
    IAC, (ii) the payments were for online advertising and digital media promotions in the ordinary course of business and (iii)
    the Company has had a relationship with IAC’s predecessor companies for many years prior to Mr. Diller’s service as
    a Director of the Company. Evan G. Greenberg Immaterial Sales/Purchases The Board examined payments made by the Company to Chubb Limited and its subsidiaries (“Chubb”) where Evan
    G. Greenberg, one of our Directors until October 1, 2016, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to ACE Limited’s
    acquisition of The Chubb Corporation in January 2016, Mr. Greenberg was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited,
    and both ACE Limited and The Chubb Corporation had provided coverage to the Company. The combined company was named Chubb
    Limited. This relationship is described on page 39 . The Board determined that the relationship was not material since (i)
    the amounts involved were less than 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of both the Company and Chubb, (ii) the payments
    were for insurance-related products and services in the ordinary course of business and (iii) the Company has had a relationship
    with Chubb for many years prior to Mr. Greenberg’s service as a Director of the Company. The Board also examined payments
    made by the Company to C.V. Starr and Co., Inc. where Mr. Greenberg’s father is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    and a brother is Executive Vice President. The Board determined that the relationship was not material since (i) the amounts
    involved were less than $1 million, (ii) the payments were for insurance-related products and services in the ordinary course
    of business and (iii) the Company has had a relationship with C.V. Starr and Co., Inc. prior to Mr. Greenberg’s service
    as a Director of the Company. Related Person Transaction Policy and Process A “Related Person Transaction” is a transaction,
arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which the Company (including
any of its subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant and, as relates to Directors or shareowners who have an ownership interest
in the Company of more than 5%, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any Related Person (defined below) had, has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Under Company policy, there is no threshold amount applicable to executive
officers with regard to Related Person Transactions. A “Related Person” means: any person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, a Director of the Company or a
    nominee for Director or an executive officer; any person who is known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock; any immediate family member of any of the persons referenced in the preceding two bullets, which means any child, stepchild,
    parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law
    of the Director, nominee for Director, executive officer or more than 5% beneficial owner of Common Stock, and any person
    (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such Director, nominee for Director, executive officer or more
    than 5% beneficial owner of Common Stock; and any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar
    position or in which such person has a 10% or greater beneficial ownership interest. 2017 Proxy Statement 37 Back to Contents In general, the Company will enter into or ratify Related Person
Transactions only when the Board, acting through the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, determines that the Related
Person Transaction is reasonable and fair to the Company. When considering whether a Related Person Transaction is reasonable
and fair to the Company. The Committee considers, among other things, the evaluation of the transaction by employees directly
involved and the recommendation of the Chief Financial Officer. In addition, any Related Person Transaction involving an executive
officer must be pre-approved by the Chief Executive Officer and any Related Person Transaction involving the Chief Executive Officer
or a beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock must be submitted to the Audit Committee for approval. Many transactions that constitute Related Person Transactions
are ongoing and some arrangements predate any relationship with the Director or predate the Director’s relationship with
the Company. When a transaction is ongoing, any amendments or changes are reviewed and the transaction is reviewed annually for
reasonableness and fairness to the Company. Identifying possible Related Person Transactions involves the
following procedures: Directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock
    are asked to complete customary annual questionnaires. Directors and Director nominees are required to annually verify and update information about (i) where the Director is
    an employee, director or executive officer, (ii) each entity where an immediate family member of a Director is an executive
    officer, (iii) each firm, corporation or other entity in which the Director or an immediate family member is a partner or
    principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 5% or greater beneficial ownership interest and (iv) each
    charitable or educational organization where the Director or an immediate family member is an employee, executive officer,
    director or trustee. When the Company receives the requested information from its
Directors (including nominees), executive officers and beneficial owners of more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock, the
Company compiles a list of all persons and entities, including all subsidiaries of the entities identified, that may give rise
to a Related Person Transaction. The Office of the Secretary reviews the updated list and expands the list if necessary, based
on a review of SEC filings, Internet searches and applicable websites. For 2016, the list of approximately 3,800 persons and entities
was distributed within the Company to identify any potential transactions. This list was also sent to each of the Company’s
approximately 400 accounting locations to be compared to payments and receipts. All ongoing transactions, along with payment and
receipt information, were compiled for each person and entity. The information was reviewed and relevant information was presented
to the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance or the Audit Committee, as applicable. Details regarding Related Person Transactions are included in
the charters for the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance and the Audit Committee and in our Codes of Business
Conduct. These documents can be found on the Company’s website, www.coca-colacompany.com , by clicking on
“Investors” and then clicking on “Corporate Governance.” Certain Related Person Transactions The Board, acting through the Committee on Directors and Corporate
Governance, believes that the following related person transactions are reasonable and fair to the Company. Herbert A. Allen . Herbert A. Allen, one of our Directors,
is President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Allen & Company Incorporated (“ACI”) and a principal shareowner
of ACI’s parent. ACI is an indirect equity holder of Allen & Company LLC (“ACL”). ACI has leased and subleased office space since 1977 in a building
owned by one of our subsidiaries and located in New York City. ACI was a tenant prior to the subsidiary’s acquisition of
the building. In June 2005, ACI assigned the lease and sublease to ACL. In November 2015, the lease was renewed for a term of
approximately 18 years. In 2016, ACL paid approximately $1.1 million in rent and related expenses, which included a rent abatement
for 2016. In the opinion of management, the terms of the lease are fair and reasonable and as favorable to the Company as those
that could have been obtained from unrelated third parties at the time of the execution of the lease. Howard G. Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway . The father of
Howard G. Buffett, one of our Directors, is Warren E. Buffett, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and major stockholder
of Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway’s holdings constituted 9.32% of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock as
of February 27, 2017. Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company (“BHSI”)
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In May 2016, the Company and BHSI renewed a one-year insurance contract under
which BHSI provides two of the Company’s subsidiaries with insurance covering property on a primary basis. In 2016, the
Company’s subsidiaries paid an aggregate of approximately $183,000 to BHSI for insurance coverage in the ordinary course
of business. Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (“BNSF”) is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In 2016, the Company paid BNSF approximately $152,000 in demurrage fees in the ordinary
course of business. Business Wire, Inc. (“Business Wire”) is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In July 2015, the Company and Business Wire entered into a new three-year services agreement
under which Business Wire disseminates news releases for the Company. In 2016, the Company paid approximately $228,000 to Business
Wire in the ordinary course of business. This business relationship was in place prior to Berkshire Hathaway’s acquisition
of Business Wire in 2006. 2017 Proxy Statement 38 Back to Contents FlightSafety International Inc. (“FlightSafety”)
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In 2014, the Company entered into a new five-year agreement with FlightSafety
to provide pilot training services to the Company and a new three-year agreement with FlightSafety to provide flight attendant
and mechanic training services to the Company. In 2016, the Company entered into a new three-year agreement with FlightSafety
to provide flight attendant and mechanic training services to the Company, which replaced the previous three-year agreement. In
2016, the Company paid FlightSafety approximately $616,000 for training services in the ordinary course of business. International Dairy Queen, Inc. (“IDQ”) is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In 2016, IDQ and its subsidiaries received promotional and marketing incentives from the
Company totaling approximately $3.4 million in the ordinary course of business. This business relationship was in place for many
years prior to Berkshire Hathaway’s acquisition of IDQ. McLane Company, Inc. (“McLane”) is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In 2016, McLane and its subsidiaries paid approximately $266 million to the Company to purchase
fountain syrup and other products in the ordinary course of business. Also in 2016, McLane and its subsidiaries received from
the Company approximately $13.1 million in agency commissions, marketing payments and other fees relating to the sale of the Company’s
products to customers in the ordinary course of business. This business relationship was in place for many years prior to Berkshire
Hathaway’s acquisition of McLane in 2003. Marmon Holdings, Inc. (“Marmon”) is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. In January 2014, Marmon acquired Cornelius, Inc., Display Technologies, LLC and 3Wire Group,
Inc. In 2016, the Company paid Cornelius, Inc. approximately $8.4 million for fountain equipment under a 2006 master agreement,
which is renewed on an annual basis. In 2016, the Company paid Display Technologies, LLC approximately $4.4 million for shelving
for in-store promotional programs under a three-year supply agreement entered into in February 2014. The term of this agreement
has been extended to December 31, 2017. In 2016, the Company paid 3Wire Group, Inc. approximately $14.2 million for fountain equipment
parts under a 2005 master agreement, which is renewed on an annual basis. These business relationships were in place for many
years prior to Marmon’s acquisition of these three entities and all payments were made in the ordinary course of business. XTRA Lease LLC (“XTRA”) is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Berkshire Hathaway. In 2016, the Company paid XTRA approximately $591,000 for the rental of trailers used to transport and
store finished product in the ordinary course of business under the terms of a national account agreement with XTRA. Berkshire Hathaway holds a significant equity interest in American
Express Company (together with its subsidiaries, “American Express”). In 2013, the Company and American Express entered
into a new five-year agreement under which American Express provides global credit card services to the Company. In 2016, American
Express paid the Company approximately $1.4 million in rebates and incentives under the terms of the agreement and in the ordinary
course of business. In 2016, the Company paid American Express fees of approximately $817,000 for credit card memberships, business
travel and other services in the ordinary course of business. Berkshire Hathaway holds a significant equity interest in Moody’s
Corporation (“Moody’s”). In 2012, the Company and a subsidiary of Moody’s entered into a two-year agreement
for rating services related to the Company’s commercial paper programs and debt offerings, which was renewed in 2015 for
an additional two-year period. In 2016, the Company paid a subsidiary of Moody’s fees of approximately $1.4 million for
rating services. Berkshire Hathaway holds a significant equity interest in Wells
Fargo & Company (together with its subsidiaries, “Wells Fargo”). In 2016, the Company paid Wells Fargo approximately
$399,000 for commercial banking services in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, all of the relationships between
the Company and the entities affiliated with Berkshire Hathaway described above are fair and reasonable and as favorable to the
Company as those that could have been obtained from unrelated third parties. Evan G. Greenberg. Evan G. Greenberg
is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Limited. ACE Limited acquired The Chubb Corporation in January 2016 and changed
its name to Chubb Limited. Prior to this acquisition, Mr. Greenberg was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Limited. Chubb
Limited, through its subsidiaries (collectively, “Chubb”), has provided a broad range of insurance related products
and services to the Company and its subsidiaries since 1986. During 2016, Chubb provided traditional insurance coverage where
the Company sought to transfer risk and fronting services where the Company sought to retain risk. During 2016, Chubb provided
the Company and its subsidiaries with insurance covering directors’ and officers’ liability, employment practices
liability, property and excess liability on an excess basis, and insurance covering property, auto, product recall, fiduciary
liability, employed lawyers’ liability, cyber, prize (hole in one) on a primary basis and an ERISA bond. In 2016, the Company
paid Chubb approximately $2.2 million for insurance premiums and approximately $7.3 million in fronting fees. In the opinion of
management, the terms of the Company’s insurance coverage and fronting arrangements with Chubb were fair and reasonable
and as favorable to the Company as those that could have been obtained from unrelated third parties. 2017 Proxy Statement 39 Back to Contents SHARE OWNERSHIP OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth information
regarding beneficial ownership of Common Stock by each Director, each Director nominee, each individual named in the 2016 Summary
Compensation Table on page 61 , and our Directors, Director nominees and executive officers as a group, all as of February 27, 2017.
Unless otherwise noted, voting power and investment power in Common Stock are exercisable solely by the named person. Name Aggregate Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent
    of Outstanding Shares 1 Additional
    Information Herbert A. Allen 18,098,846 * Includes 6,000,000 shares held by ACI, 31,315 shares held by 12 trusts of which Mr. Allen, in each case, is one of three to five trustees, and 30,000 shares held by a foundation of which he is one of six directors. Mr. Allen disclaims beneficial ownership of the 30,000 shares held by the foundation. Also includes 37,531 shares held by a family member over which Mr. Allen has disclaimed beneficial ownership. Does not include 80,113 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Ronald W. Allen 24,000 * Includes 4,000 shares held by a family member over which Mr. Allen has disclaimed beneficial ownership. Does not include 79,747 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Marc Bolland 10,000 * Does not include 9,704 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Ana Botín 2,500 * Shares held by a Spanish limited company of which Ms. Botín and her husband are the indirect beneficial owners. Does not include 21,137 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Howard G. Buffett 48,592 * Shares jointly held by Mr. Buffett and a family member. Does not include 29,710 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Also does not include shares owned by Berkshire Hathaway which are included in the “Principal Shareowners” table on page 42 . Richard M. Daley 6,500 * Shares held by a trust of which Mr. Daley is sole trustee and beneficiary. Does not include 31,960 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Barry Diller 6,000,000 * Includes 2,144,034 shares held by a trust of which Mr. Diller is sole trustee and beneficiary, 1,855,966 shares held by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Diller and his family members and 2,000,000 shares that may be acquired by a grantor retained annuity trust for the benefit of Mr. Diller and his family members upon the exercise of call options, purchased from an unrelated third party, which are presently exercisable. Does not include 113,624 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Helene D. Gayle 3,000 * Does not include 19,846 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Alexis M. Herman 2,000 * Does not include 42,130 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Robert A. Kotick 70,018 * Includes 18 shares held by a family member through the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act. Does not include 30,183 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Maria
    Elena Lagomasino 23,631 * Does not include 45,527 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Sam Nunn 2,000 * Does not include 140,081 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. 2017 Proxy Statement 40 Back to Contents Name Aggregate Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent
    of Outstanding Shares 1 Additional
    Information David B. Weinberg 11,424,280 * Includes 770,430 shares held by family members over which Mr. Weinberg has sole dispositive power, 505,764 shares held by a family member’s grantor retained annuity trust of which Mr. Weinberg is sole trustee and one of three contingent remainder beneficiaries, and 647,166 shares held by a family member’s living trust of which Mr. Weinberg is one of three trustees and is a contingent remainder beneficiary but over which he also has sole dispositive power. Also includes 2,466,558 shares held by a family member’s marital grantor trust of which Mr. Weinberg is one of three trustees and contingent remainder beneficiaries but over which he also has sole dispositive power, and 3,000,000 shares held by three family trusts of which Mr. Weinberg is a current or contingent remainder beneficiary and one of three trustees but over which he also has sole dispositive power. Also includes 48,000 shares held by two family trusts of which Mr. Weinberg is neither a trustee nor a beneficiary but over which he has sole dispositive power. Also includes 3,540,000 shares held by two family limited partnerships over which Mr. Weinberg has sole investment control and shares beneficial ownership interest. Also includes 48,888 shares held by two foundations over which Mr. Weinberg shares investment power with other family members but over which he also has sole dispositive power, and 42,260 shares held by two foundations over which other family members have investment power but over which Mr. Weinberg also has sole dispositive power. Does not include 10,814 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan which are settled in cash. Muhtar Kent 14,581,957 * Includes 160,792 shares held by a foundation of which Mr. Kent, his wife and children are trustees, 129,000 shares held by a trust of which Mr. Kent’s wife and his children are beneficiaries and an independent trust company is trustee and 134,000 shares held by a trust of which Mr. Kent and his children are beneficiaries and an independent trust company is trustee. Also includes 82,083 shares credited to Mr. Kent under The Coca-Cola Company 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) and 13,673,799 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017. Does not include 65,062 share units credited under The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental 401(k) Plan (the “Supplemental 401(k) Plan”) which are settled in cash post employment. Also does not include 300,940 unvested performance share units which will be settled in shares upon vesting. Kathy N. Waller 959,235 * Includes 15,937 shares credited to Ms. Waller under the 401(k) Plan, 200 shares of restricted stock and 875,295 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017. Does not include 6,989 share units credited under the Supplemental 401(k) Plan which are settled in cash post employment. Also does not include 28,873 unvested performance share units which will be settled in shares upon vesting. James Quincey 780,490 * Includes 44,678 shares held by a family member, 733 shares credited to Mr. Quincey under the 401(k) Plan, 200 shares of restricted stock and 710,384 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017. Does not include 39 share units credited under the Supplemental 401(k) Plan which are settled in cash post employment. Also does not include 46,504 unvested performance share units and 72,838 unvested restricted stock units which will be settled in shares upon vesting. Marcos de Quinto 847,102 * Includes 200 shares of restricted stock and 719,261 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017. Does not include 22,570 unvested performance share units which will be settled in shares upon vesting. Irial Finan 3,646,819 * Includes 1,631 shares credited to Mr. Finan under the 401(k) Plan and 3,317,822 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017. Does not include 1,959 share units credited under the Supplemental 401(k) Plan which are settled in cash post employment. Also does not include 98,746 unvested performance share units which will be settled in shares upon vesting. All Directors and executive officers as a group (29 persons) 65,291,055 1.51% Includes 219,100 shares credited under the 401(k) Plan, 1,400 shares of restricted stock, 27,367,505 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of options which are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable on or before April 28, 2017 and 20,603 shares held in margin accounts by an executive officer who is not a Named Executive Officer. Does not include 144,494 share units credited under the Supplemental 401(k) Plan and 654,576 share units deferred under the Directors’ Plan, all of which will be settled in cash. Also does not include 871,603 unvested performance share units and 141,883 unvested restricted stock units, which will be settled in shares upon vesting. * Less than 1% of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. 1 Share units credited under the Directors’
    Plan and the Supplemental 401(k) Plan are not included as outstanding shares in calculating these percentages. Unvested performance
    share units and restricted stock units, which will be settled in shares upon vesting, also are not included. 2017 Proxy Statement 41 Back to Contents Principal Shareowners Set forth in the table below is information about the number of
shares held by persons we know to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. Name
    and Address Aggregate
    Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent
    of Outstanding Shares 4 Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 1 3555 Farnam Street, Suite 1440 Omaha, Nebraska 68131 400,000,000 9.32% The Vanguard Group 2 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355 285,883,494 6.66% BlackRock, Inc. 3 55 East 52 nd Street New York, New York 10055 238,477,707 5.56% 1 Berkshire Hathaway, a diversified holding company, has informed the
    Company that, as of December 31, 2016, it held an aggregate of 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock through subsidiaries. 2 The information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard
    Group with the SEC on February 10, 2017 reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2016. The Vanguard Group reported
    that it has sole voting power with respect to 6,152,146 shares of Common Stock, sole dispositive power with respect to 278,961,304
    shares of Common Stock, shared voting power with respect to 818,420 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive power with
    respect to 6,922,190 shares of Common Stock. 3 The information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc.
    with the SEC on January 23, 2017 reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2016. BlackRock, Inc. reported that it
    has sole voting power with respect to 203,145,281 shares of Common Stock, sole dispositive power with respect to 238,421,331
    shares of Common Stock and shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 56,376 shares of Common Stock. 4 The ownership percentages set forth in this column are based on the
    assumption that each of the principal shareowners continued to own the number of shares reflected in the table above on February
    27, 2017. SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE Executive officers, Directors and certain persons who own more
than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are required by Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act and related regulations: to file reports of their ownership of Common Stock with the SEC and the NYSE; and to furnish us with copies of the reports. We received written representations from each such person who
did not file an annual statement on Form 5 with the SEC that no Form 5 was due. Based on our review of the reports and representations,
we believe that all Section 16(a) reports were filed timely in 2016. 2017 Proxy Statement 42 Back to Contents COMPENSATION ITEM 2 - ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION What am I voting on? Shareowners are being asked to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 44 and the Compensation Tables beginning on page 61 . Voting recommendation: FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation.
    The Compensation Committee takes very seriously its role in the governance of the Company’s compensation programs and
    values thoughtful input from shareowners. The Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of the advisory vote
    when considering future executive compensation decisions. The Company seeks a non-binding advisory
vote from its shareowners to approve the compensation of its Named Executive Officers as described in the Compensation Discussion
and Analysis beginning on page 44 and the Compensation Tables beginning on page 61 . In deciding how to vote on this proposal,
the Board encourages you to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation Tables sections. Over the last several
years, we have made several key enhancements to our compensation programs to continue to improve the link between compensation
and the Company’s business and talent strategies as well as the long-term interests of our shareowners. The Board recommends that shareowners vote
FOR the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the shareowners approve,
on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, including
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Compensation Tables and the related narrative.” Because your vote is advisory, it will not
be binding upon the Board. However, the Board values shareowners’ opinions and the Compensation Committee will take into
account the outcome of the advisory vote when considering future executive compensation decisions. The Board has adopted a policy
of providing for annual advisory votes from shareowners on executive compensation. The next such vote will occur at the 2018 Annual
Meeting of Shareowners, subject to the outcome of the advisory vote on the frequency of holding the advisory vote to approve executive
compensation (see page 76 ). The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation. 2017 Proxy Statement 43 Back to Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Message from the Compensation Committee As we have discussed in the last several proxy statements, the Compensation Committee has engaged in a multi-year process of evaluating the Company’s compensation programs and objectives. The results of this evaluation have included redesigning the annual and long-term incentive programs and adopting Equity Stewardship Guidelines. In 2016, we did not make material changes to the design of the compensation programs, but have taken important steps that we want to share with you. We also want you to know what is top of mind for this Committee now and going forward. Aligning compensation and strategy: Our Company is undergoing an important evolution to refocus on our core business model of building strong global brands and leading a dedicated franchise bottling system. The Company is taking clear strategic actions to drive long-term growth for the future. This transformation will cause the Company to look different, both financially and in terms of the number of employees, as territories are refranchised to independent bottlers around the world. As the Company’s strategy evolves, so must our compensation programs. This Committee will be focused on fostering a high-performance culture and continuing to align pay and performance against the key strategic drivers of long-term growth. Target setting: As we highlighted last year, the Compensation Committee enhanced the process by which we set performance goals and test the rigor of incentive targets and performance curves. We devoted an additional in-person meeting in 2016 to this topic, which will become an additional standing meeting each year. See page 51 for additional information. Role of non-financial results in pay programs: We believe an important component of driving long-term value creation is considering the broad range of our Company’s stakeholders, including our shareowners. While we believe the majority of incentive pay should be based on financial metrics tied to our long-term business strategy, progress toward non-financial goals that are critical to our business, including our sustainability focus areas, also adds value for our shareowners and other stakeholders. We have started to take these areas into account in a more structured way in 2016 as part of the annual incentive program (see page 53 ) and will continue to work on this concept in the coming years. You will see in the rest of this Compensation Discussion & Analysis the details of our compensation programs, including the specific decisions we made for the 2016 Named Executive Officers and the rationale for them. We remain committed to listen to your feedback as we continue to refine and evaluate the Company’s compensations programs. Maria Elena Helene D. Alexis M. Lagomasino Gayle Herman Compensation Program Enhancements Over the last several years, we have made several key enhancements
to our compensation programs to continue to improve the link between compensation and the Company’s business and talent strategies
as well as the long-term interests of our shareowners. We: 2017 Proxy Statement 44 Back to Contents 2016 Performance at a Glance We Are Transforming Our Company In 2016, we continued to focus and make progress on our five
strategic initiatives: drive revenue growth through segmented market roles, make disciplined brand and growth investments, drive
efficiency through aggressive productivity, streamline and simplify, and focus on our core business model. 2016
    Achievements Expanded our operating
        margin through 3% price/mix growth and balancing productivity with disciplined investments Continued momentum in developed markets, led by North America which grew net operating revenues by 4% Remained committed and consumer-focused in developing and emerging markets amidst persistent macroeconomic
        pressures Introduced 500+ new products into the market worldwide, including the successful launch of smartwater and Honest
        Tea in Western Europe Continued to expand our growing portfolio through strategic investments, including fairlife milk in the U.S.
        and Chi, Nigeria’s leading value-added dairy and juice company Advanced our strategy
        to grow revenues in our sparkling portfolio, through actions including the Coca-Cola “one-brand” strategy
        and an integrated marketing campaign Delivered over $600 million in productivity, which drove operating margin expansion Strengthened our global bottling system for the long term with strategic actions taken in North America, Latin
        America, Europe, Africa and Asia On track to complete refranchising of our Company-owned bottling operations in the U.S. by the end of 2017 Operating Results VALUE SHARE REVENUE (5)% Reported
    Net Operating Revenues +3% Organic
    Revenues (Non-GAAP) UNIT CASE VOLUME +1% PROFIT (15)% Reported Income Before Income Taxes +8% Comparable Currency Neutral Income Before Income Taxes (Structurally Adjusted) (Non-GAAP) Note: Organic revenues is a non-GAAP financial measure that
excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and structural items, as applicable, as well
as the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Comparable currency neutral income before income taxes (structurally
adjusted) is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability, the
impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and the impact of structural changes. See Annex C for a reconciliation of
non-GAAP financial measures to our results as reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”). Return to Shareowners 1 Cumulative stock price appreciation plus dividends, with
    dividends reinvested quarterly. 2 Total does not add due to rounding. Net share repurchases do not include
    approximately $1.4 billion related to proceeds from employee stock activity. See Annex C. 3 Source: Standard & Poor’s Research Insight. This chart shows
    how a $100 investment in the Company’s Common Stock on December 31, 2011 would have grown to $137 on December 31, 2016,
    with dividends reinvested quarterly. The chart also compares the total shareowner return on the Company’s Common Stock
    to the same investment in the S&P 500 Index and the Company’s 2016 compensation comparator group (see page 57 ) over
    the same period, with dividends reinvested quarterly. Includes the Company’s 2016 compensation comparator group for
    the five-year period whether or not a company was included in the group for the entire period. For foreign companies included
    in the comparator group, market value has been converted to U.S. dollars and excludes the impact of currency. Market returns
    are weighted by relative market capitalization and are adjusted for spin-offs and special dividends. 2017 Proxy Statement 45 Back to Contents Our Compensation Philosophy While we consider a number of factors in our pay decisions, we
are guided by three core principles: 1. Pay for Performance. The great majority of pay for executives should be at-risk and performance-based with metrics aligned to the Company’s
    financial results and business strategy and have a clear connection to the employee’s individual performance. 2. Maintain programs that will attract and
    retain critical talent, while reinforcing a high-performing and accountable culture. Our compensation programs
    should be competitive in the marketplace and designed to retain talent over the longer term, while holding employees accountable
    to the Company’s strategy and values. 3. Consider the Coca-Cola system. Our employees are required to operate and have influence in the context of our broad and complex global Coca-Cola
    system, which includes our independent bottling partners. While the Company had approximately $42 billion in reported net
    operating revenues in 2016, the Coca-Cola system generates more than $100 billion in revenues, operates in over 200 countries
    and employs more than 700,000 people. Our executives and employees must not only manage our business but also support our
    bottlers and other partners. This alignment and a shared vision of success are critical to drive long-term growth. Key Linkages between Pay and Company Performance In the context of our compensation programs, we view Company
performance in two primary ways: 1. the Company’s operating performance, including results
    against long-term growth targets; and 2. return to shareowners over time, both on an absolute basis and relative
    to other companies. In addition to Company performance, we take into account individual
performance when making compensation decisions. Our compensation plans are designed to link pay and performance.
As reflected above, 2016 was a critical year for the Company as we continued to make strong progress in transforming our Company
while keeping focused on our consumers. Despite ongoing volatile global economic conditions, the Company delivered its profit
target for the full year and took strategic actions to strengthen its global bottling system. When evaluating pay reported in the 2016 Summary Compensation
Table against Company performance, it is important to consider the timing of compensation decisions and which performance period
informs each of the annual and long-term incentive awards. For instance: long-term incentive awards reported for 2016 were granted in
    February 2016 and reflect Company and individual performance in 2015, among other factors (see page 53 ); and annual incentive awards reported for 2016 were decided in February 2017
    and reflect Company and individual performance in 2016 (see page 52 ). The following highlights linkages between pay and Company performance
over the last three years. PAY AND PERFORMANCE AT A GLANCE CEO
    Pay Decreased from 2014 Annual
    Incentives Driven by Company Performance Reported
    Pay* Company
    Performance Factor* (in
    millions) * Reported
    pay in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table on page 61 , excluding change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation
    earnings. *     Does not include individual performance amounts (see page 52 ). Performance
    Share Unit (PSU) Payouts Stock
    Options Linked to Key Metrics
    Over a Linked
    Directly to Stock Price Three-Year Performance
    Period Intrinsic Value* of Last Three
    Annual Stock Option Grants: Last Three PSU Performance Periods* Certified: 2016 = $0 2 Below Threshold 2015 = $0 1 Above Target 2014 = $4.26 * 2012-2014,
    2013-2015 and 2014-2016 PSUs. See page 55 for metrics, targets and status of outstanding annual PSU programs. * Per option,
    based on the 2016 year-end closing price of $41.46. 2017 Proxy Statement 46 Back to Contents 2016 Compensation Decisions for Named Executive Officers The 2016 compensation decisions were approved for our Named Executive
Officers as a result of Company and individual performance. Chief
Executive Officer Muhtar Kent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 2016 Performance Highlights: KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS STRATEGIC AND BOARD LEADERSHIP Mr.
                                         Kent set the groundwork for continued transformative change as the Company refocuses
                                         on its core business model of building strong global brands, enhancing sustainable customer
                                         value and leading a strong, dedicated franchise system. As Chairman of the Board, Mr.
                                         Kent continued to lead the Board effectively and actively engage Directors and Committee
                                         Chairs in all aspects of the business. He created open lines of communication between
                                         Directors and management, including through meetings between Directors and Company leaders
                                         around the world. REFRANCHISING Mr.
                                         Kent led efforts to achieve our goal to refranchise our U.S. bottling operations by the
                                         end of 2017. We signed definitive agreements to refranchise our Company-owned bottling
                                         operations in China, furthered the evolution of Coca-Cola Beverages Africa, completed
                                         the creation of Coca-Cola European Partners and supported the ongoing transformation
                                         of the franchising bottling system in Japan. ORDERLY LEADERSHIP SUCCESSION Mr.
                                         Kent led a very orderly CEO leadership transition process. 2016 was the first full year
                                         of James Quincey serving as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Kent personally
                                         saw to the successful onboarding of Mr. Quincey in his new role, leading to the announcement
                                         in December 2016 that Mr. Quincey would succeed Mr. Kent as CEO in May 2017. SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS AREAS WATER REPLENISHMENT The Company and its global bottling partners achieved 115% water replenishment,
    becoming the first Fortune 500 company to replenish all of the water it uses globally. We also achieved a water use ratio
    below 2.0 for the first time in Company history. WOMEN Leadership and Diversity: Continued strong leadership in accelerating
    the development of diverse leadership talent. Continued to be the executive sponsor of the Women’s Leadership Council. Economically Empowering Women: Our 5by20 initiative had enabled
    more than 1.2 million women entrepreneurs across our global value chain through the end of 2015, with additional progress
    in 2016. WELL-BEING Led significant progress in innovations focused on reduced, low
and no-calorie products, with over 500 reformulation initiatives underway to reduce added sugar in our beverages. Compensation Decisions: Base
                                         Salary: No change was made to Mr. Kent’s base salary in 2016. Base salary has
                                         remained the same since 2013. No executive officer received an annual increase for 2017
                                         (see page 51 ). Annual
                                         Incentive: $4,100,000, comprised of $2,688,000 from applying the Company Performance
                                         Factor under the plan formula (84% for 2016) and $1,412,000 for individual performance
                                         (see page 52 ). The individual performance amount was determined based on the 2016 performance
                                         highlights described above. The key accomplishments above were the primary driver of
                                         the individual performance determination, and the Committee also considered progress
                                         in our sustainability focus areas. Long-Term
                                         Incentive: Mr. Kent received a long-term incentive grant in February 2016 valued
                                         at $9,536,527 split into performance share units and stock options. 2017 Proxy Statement 47 Back to Contents CEO Reported and Realized Pay: The reported pay of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table (excluding the change in pension value) has decreased since 2014. Since the vast majority
of reported pay represents potential pay, we also look at pay actually realized each year, which may include the value of long-term
equity compensation granted many years earlier. The following graphic shows reported pay included in the 2016 Summary Compensation
Table (excluding the change in pension value) and the realized pay over the last three years. Reported and Realized Pay (2014-2016) Reported
                                         pay decreased from 2014. In
                                         2015 and 2016, realized pay was higher than reported pay because Mr. Kent exercised expiring
                                         stock options. Realized
                                         pay (excluding exercising of expiring stock options) decreased from 2015 to 2016. Mr.
                                         Kent continues to hold all shares received from vested PSU releases and stock option
                                         exercises, other than those withheld for taxes. *     Mr. Kent continues to hold all shares received from vested
PSU releases and stock option exercises, other than those withheld for taxes. Reported pay includes base salary,
actual annual incentive earned, the grant date fair value of long-term equity compensation and all other compensation, each as
reported in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table on page 61 . Realized pay includes base salary,
actual annual incentive earned and all other compensation, each as reported in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table on page 61 and the value of stock options exercised or stock awards released in the applicable year, net of tax withholdings. Chief
Financial Officer Kathy N. Waller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2016 Performance Highlights: Ms. Waller delivered a strong performance in 2016, leading the
Finance function to maintain high standards of excellence in financial reporting and analysis, governance and controls and value
creation. She continues to deliver and create value for the Company by managing cash and capital structure and taking advantage
of unique and timely opportunities in the evolving and challenging global markets. In addition, she continues to build and manage
currency and commodity hedging programs to address volatility risks in the market and create a competitive advantage for the Company.
Under her leadership, the Company successfully completed several important bottler refranchising initiatives, including the creation
of Coca-Cola European Partners, the largest independent bottler in the system based on total revenue. She continued the aggressive
programs to drive process and cost efficiencies and delivered against those targets. Ms. Waller is committed to ensuring a capable
and diverse finance organization. She continued to develop women and diverse talent for leadership roles and focus on attracting
and retaining talented associates in the Finance organization and across the Company. Compensation Decisions: Base
                                         Salary: Ms. Waller received a merit increase of 3% on April 1, 2016. No executive
                                         officer received an annual increase for 2017 (see page 51 ). Annual
                                         Incentive: $1,056,805, comprised of $792,604 from applying the Company Performance
                                         Factor under the plan formula (84% for 2016) and $264,201 for individual performance
                                         (see page 52 ). The individual performance amount was determined based on the 2016 performance
                                         highlights described above. Long-Term
                                         Incentive: Ms. Waller received a long-term incentive grant in February 2016 valued
                                         at $3,528,497, split into performance share units and stock options. 2017 Proxy Statement 48 Back to Contents Other Named Executive Officers James Quincey President and Chief Operating Officer in 2016; will assume role
as Chief Executive Officer on May 1, 2017 2016 Performance Highlights: 2016 was Mr. Quincey’s first full year as President and
Chief Operating Officer. He completed a seamless transition with solid operating results, and, in December 2016, was elected to
succeed Mr. Kent as CEO in May 2017. Mr. Quincey was a key leader in refranchising efforts around the world in 2016, including
a significant role in the creation of Coca-Cola European Partners and the refranchising progress in the U.S. Mr. Quincey led continued
innovations in packaging, including coordination with bottlers and customers to enhance availability of smaller packaging options.
He focused on addressing evolving consumer preferences by expanding product offerings and working to reduce added sugar in our
products, with over 500 initiatives in progress. Following the death of the Chief Information Officer, Mr. Quincey assumed these
duties on an interim basis while providing leadership to the IT team. He helped develop an updated plan to address cybersecurity
threats and worked with the new Chief Information Officer to restructure IT services for greater efficiency and effectiveness.
Mr. Quincey led global efforts around employee engagement and the employee experience. This included the launch of “Elevating
the Employee Experience”, a multi-year initiative focused on operating effectiveness, leadership, culture and communications.
He was a key driver of the Company’s continued progress in its sustainability focus areas of water replenishment, women
and well-being. Compensation Decisions: Base
                                         Salary: Mr. Quincey received a merit increase of 3.5% on April 1, 2016. No executive
                                         officer received an annual increase for 2017 (see page 51 ). Annual
                                         Incentive: $2,021,355, comprised of $1,369,305 from applying the Company Performance
                                         Factor under the plan formula (84% for 2016) and $652,050 for individual performance
                                         (see page 52 ). The individual performance amount was determined based on the 2016 performance
                                         highlights described above. Long-Term
                                         Incentive: Mr. Quincey received a long-term incentive grant in February 2016 valued
                                         at $5,340,443, split into performance share units and stock options. Marcos de Quinto Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 2016 Performance Highlights: Mr. de Quinto continued his effective leadership of the Global
Marketing function, providing thought leadership, strategic and creative direction, strong governance and innovative operating
models and analytical tools to address category challenges. He grew the Company’s brands, and strengthened worldwide marketing
capabilities, while improving productivity. Mr. de Quinto was the chief architect for the development and execution of the new
Coca-Cola “one brand” strategy, the “Taste the Feeling” campaign, and integrated marketing communications
and a visual identity system to drive greater long-term growth. He was involved in the development of the Company’s overall
Stills portfolio vision and strategy to capitalize on evolving consumer trends toward health, natural and functional benefits
as core drivers of future growth. Mr. de Quinto also led key initiatives to accelerate the development of talent and differentiating
capabilities across the Global Marketing function, with a particular focus on enhanced people assessment and training programs,
new digital skills and approaches, more comprehensive business planning, processes and tools. He also focused on greater value-creating
ways of managing marketing assets, partnerships and external agency networks to drive more strategic and innovative thinking and
consistently higher quality work, while achieving productivity objectives. Compensation Decisions: Base
                                         Salary: Mr. de Quinto received a merit increase of 3% on April 1, 2016. No executive
                                         officer received an annual increase for 2017 (see page 51 ). Annual
                                         Incentive: $1,156,530 comprised of $823,292 from applying the Company Performance
                                         Factor under the plan formula (84% for 2016) and $333,238 for individual performance
                                         (see page 52 ). The individual performance amount was determined based on the 2016 performance
                                         highlights described above. Long-Term
                                         Incentive: Mr. de Quinto received a long-term incentive grant in February 2016 valued
                                         at $3,969,593, split into performance share units and stock options. 2017 Proxy Statement 49 Back to Contents Irial Finan Executive Vice President and President, Bottling Investments
and Supply Chain 2016 Performance Highlights: Mr. Finan’s leadership of the Bottling Investments Group
(BIG) resulted in solid contributions to the Company’s performance against challenging market headwinds. He led the BIG
team in successfully refranchising the German and South African Company-owned bottling operations to newly created franchise partners
and accelerating the refranchising of Coca-Cola Refreshments to franchise partners in the U.S. Mr. Finan oversaw the opening of
two new bottling plants in Cambodia and Qatar and key innovations, including the launch of the “affordable single serve
package” in India and the expansion of sales force automation across BIG territories. Mr. Finan also created a culture of
people development while expanding the diversity of BIG’s leadership team. Compensation Decisions: Base
                                         Salary: Mr. Finan received a merit increase of 3% on April 1, 2016. No executive
                                         officer received an annual increase for 2017 (see page 51 ). Annual
                                         Incentive: $1,358,432, comprised of $1,152,609 from applying the Company Performance
                                         Factor under the plan formula (84% for 2016) and $205,823 for individual performance
                                         (see page 52 ). The individual performance amount was determined based on the 2016 performance
                                         highlights described above. Long-Term
                                         Incentive: Mr. Finan received a long-term incentive grant in February 2016 valued
                                         at $3,973,556, split into performance share units and stock options. CHECKLIST OF COMPENSATION PRACTICES What We Do What We
    Don’t Do Vast majority of pay
        is performance-based and not guaranteed Align
pay and performance Engage in a rigorous target-setting process for incentive metrics Adhere to Equity Stewardship Guidelines Apply stringent share ownership and share retention policies Provide limited perquisites with sound business rationale Include “double-trigger” change in control provisions in equity awards Prohibit hedging and short sales by executive officers and Directors Discourage pledging of Company stock and require pre-approval Mitigate undue risk in compensation programs Include clawback provisions in our key compensation programs Generally do not utilize
        employment contracts (unless required by law) No dividends or dividend equivalents on unearned PSUs No repricing of underwater stock options No tax gross-ups for personal aircraft use or financial planning No special change in control severance provisions for executive officers No tax gross-ups related to change in control 2017 Proxy Statement 50 Back to Contents Elements of Compensation and Link to Strategy We have three elements of total direct compensation: base salary,
annual incentives and long-term incentives, which are described below. We also provide limited perquisites (see page 59 ) and standard
retirement and benefit plans (see pages 59 and 91 ). 2016 Total Direct Compensation Mix * * Base salary, actual annual incentive and the grant date fair value of the annual long-term incentive award for 2016. Base Salary Base
                                         salary is fixed cash compensation. Salary is reviewed annually and adjusted when appropriate.
                                         To promote a performance culture, increases are not automatic or guaranteed. No Named
                                         Executive Officer received an annual merit increase in 2017 as the Company focuses on
                                         productivity. Base
                                         salary is designed to recognize individual performance, scope of responsibility, leadership
                                         skills and experience. Competitive
                                         base salaries help attract and retain executive talent. Annual and Long-Term Incentives IMPORTANT FACTS ABOUT OUR INCENTIVE
    TARGETS Choice
    of Incentive Metrics Rigor
    of Incentive Metrics The
        key financial metrics in our incentive plans (net operating revenue, profit before tax, volume and economic profit growth)
        align with our strategy for long-term value creation. We
        make certain adjustments when calculating results, such as for the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, changes
        in financial accounting reporting regulations, and costs and other financial implications associated with corporate transactions. Our
        targets are currency neutral because we believe incentive targets should measure the underlying results of the business
        and that business leaders should be encouraged to make decisions that drive long-term sustainable growth rather than to
        address short-term currency fluctuations or short-term and nonrecurring items. This philosophy has been in place for several
        years, and we review this issue regularly, as it is an important concern for companies like ours with significant exposure
        to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. In
        2016, we enhanced the target-setting process to test the robustness of our already strong incentive targets and performance
        curve setting. The
        setting of our performance curves considered the following: – Performance levels necessary to achieve our long-term goals and deliver superior shareowner returns. – The likelihood of achieving various levels of performance based on historical results over a ten-year period. – Metrics, program designs and results at companies in our comparator group. – Performance relative to our comparator companies. We
        have added a standing meeting each year to devote additional time to this important process. 2017 Proxy Statement 51 Back to Contents Annual Incentive Compensation Overview Annual incentives are determined under the Performance Incentive
Plan of The Coca-Cola Company (the “Performance Incentive Plan”). In 2016, approximately 14,000 employees participated
in the Performance Incentive Plan. Awards for executive officers are determined
based on a formula with predetermined financial measures aligned with the Company’s long-term growth metrics (“Company
Performance Factor”), as well as the executive’s individual performance (“Individual Performance Amount”).
In 2016, we reduced the maximum payout from 300% to 250% of the executive officer’s target amount. See 2016 Compensation Decisions for Named Executive Officers
beginning on page 47 for details of the 2016 annual incentives paid to the Named Executive Officers. 2016 Annual Incentive Formula Base
    Salary X Target
    Percentage X Company Performance Factor + Individual Performance Amount = Annual Incentive Amount* * The
                                         annual incentive plan includes a pool funding feature intended to allow the awards to
                                         Named Executive Officers to meet the requirements for tax deductibility under Section
                                         162(m) of the Tax Code. The maximum pool that can be used to pay annual incentives to
                                         Named Executive Officers is 0.40% of the Company’s comparable income before income
                                         taxes and there is an additional cap of 0.15% of comparable income before income taxes
                                         for the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee does not expect to award
                                         the full amount authorized by this pool funding and the amounts awarded for 2016 are
                                         well below these maximums. 2016
    Named Executive Officer Target Annual Incentive Name Base Salary (12/31/2016) Target (%) Target Annual Incentive ($) Mr. Kent $ 1,600,000 200% $ 3,200,000 Ms. Waller 754,861 125% 943,576 Mr. Quincey 931,500 175% 1,630,125 Mr. de Quinto 784,088 125% 980,110 Mr. Finan 914,769 150% 1,372,154 Company Performance Factor Targets
                                         are informed by our long-term growth target ranges and our annual business plan. Targets
                                         are designed to be challenging but achievable. Actual
                                         results (rounded to the nearest half percent) are compared to the target and then the
                                         percentage achieved is weighted to determine the final Company Performance Factor. The
                                         payout curve is linear from 0% to 200% of the target. Maximum is 200% of the target and
                                         set to be difficult to achieve. For example, to achieve the maximum payout for net operating
                                         revenue growth, the Company would have had to achieve 10% growth in the year. 2016
    Targets and Results Performance Metric* Target Actual Performance Result (% of the Target Achieved) Weighting Weighted Result Profit Before Tax Growth 7 % 8.5 % 121 % 50 % 61 % Net Operating Revenue Growth 5 % 3.5 % 70 % 25 % 18 % Unit Case Volume Growth 2.5 % 0.5 % 20 % 25 % 5 % Company Performance Factor 84 % * Profit
                                         before tax growth and net operating revenue growth are calculated after adjusting for
                                         the impact of currency and certain nonrecurring items affecting comparability. These
                                         measures differ from profit before tax growth and net operating revenue growth reported
                                         under GAAP, primarily due to the impact of currency, asset impairments/restructuring,
                                         productivity and reinvestment program, net charges by equity investees, transaction gains/losses
                                         and other items. In addition, these measures are calculated after adjusting for the impact
                                         of structural items. Structural items generally refer to acquisitions or dispositions
                                         of bottling, distribution or canning operations and consolidation or deconsolidation
                                         of bottling and distribution entities for accounting purposes. We believe using these
                                         adjusted measures of profit before tax growth and net operating revenue growth are appropriate
                                         because they provide a more consistent comparison against the prior year. 2017 Proxy Statement 52 Back to Contents Individual Performance Amounts An Individual Performance Amount (maximum of 50% of target) may
be awarded based on an assessment of an executive’s individual performance throughout the year. For the Named Executive
Officers, consideration is given for contributions toward the Company’s strategic initiatives on People, Planet, Productivity,
Partners, Portfolio, and Profit. This also includes quantitative and qualitative factors (for example, each executive’s
contribution to overall Company results and attainment of business/operating unit goals) and other priorities such as volume and
value share, total shareowner return and sustainability. As discussed above, the Committee had an increased focus on individual
performance through the lens of non-financial initiatives that benefit the long-term strength of the Company. See 2016 Compensation
Decisions for Named Executive Officers beginning on page 47 . Long-Term Incentive Compensation Overview The Company grants long-term incentive compensation to reward
performance over the longer term. The vast majority of these awards are performance based. Beginning in 2015 and continuing in
2016, annual long-term incentive awards are equity-based for Named Executive Officers and other senior executives and leaders,
and cash-based for other eligible employees. In 2016, approximately 6,600 employees received long-term incentive compensation,
of which approximately 700 employees received equity awards. Annual
                                         long-term incentive awards are made in February of each year. A
                                         limited number of other awards may be granted throughout the year. See 2016 Compensation Decisions for Named Executive Officers
beginning on page 47 for details of the 2016 long-term equity awards granted to Named Executive Officers. All equity awards made under our long-term incentive program
are subject to our Equity Stewardship Guidelines implemented in 2014. An update regarding our 2016 progress against these guidelines
is included below under Equity Stewardship Guidelines and Scorecard. Long-Term Incentive Annual Awards: Amounts
and Performance Measures The
                                         Compensation Committee sets ranges for long-term incentive compensation for each job
                                         grade at the senior executive levels. The ranges were informed by a survey of our comparator
                                         group’s and similar companies’ pay practices. The Compensation Committee
                                         does not target a specific percentile ranking against our comparator group and may grant
                                         long-term incentive awards at the higher end of the range for a variety of factors, including
                                         individual performance and to reflect support of the larger Coca-Cola system. The actual
                                         grant date value of long-term incentive compensation awarded within such ranges is individually
                                         determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Consideration is given to
                                         the individual’s skills, experience and future potential, the prior year’s
                                         award value, as well as the individual’s and Company’s performance in the
                                         prior year. Once
                                         the value of the long-term incentive award is determined, the Compensation Committee
                                         grants a portion of the award in stock options and a portion in PSUs. When determining
                                         the number of stock options awarded, a Black-Scholes value is first calculated and, beginning
                                         in 2015 and continuing in 2016, a floor and ceiling are applied based on a 30-day average
                                         stock price. This stock option “guardrail” increases predictability, helps
                                         manage the burn rate commitment and is intended to mitigate against excessively high
                                         and low Black-Scholes values. For stock option grants in 2016, the low end of our guardrail
                                         was used, which valued options at 20% of the 30-day average stock price. This resulted in fewer stock options
actually being granted than the pure Black-Scholes model would have suggested. PSUs are valued based on a 30-day average stock
price for purposes of determining target award values. Due
                                         to the rules for how the grant date fair value of long-term incentive awards must be
                                         calculated for accounting purposes, the 2016 Summary Compensation Table may not reflect
                                         the same stock option and PSU values described above. 2017 Proxy Statement 53 Back to Contents How PSU Targets are Determined Beginning
                                         in 2007, growth in economic profit has been the performance measure for the annual PSU
                                         awards because it is an important measure of the Company’s long-term strength. Economic profit is net operating
profit after tax less the cost of capital used in the business, after adjusting for the impact of structural changes that are
significant to the Company as a whole, accounting changes and certain other nonrecurring items affecting comparability. Beginning
                                         in 2015 and continuing with the 2016 awards, growth in net operating revenue was added
                                         as a performance measure for our annual PSU awards (30% weighting) because it is a key
                                         component of our business strategy. Performance
                                         targets for growth in economic profit and net operating revenue are originally derived
                                         from the three-year business plan and then set by the Compensation Committee after a
                                         detailed review which included conducting probability analyses, benchmarking performance
                                         and evaluating the practices of comparator companies. Participants receive 35% of the award
at the threshold level, 100% of the award at the target level and 150% of the award at the maximum level, prior to application
of the total shareowner return multiplier. With the total shareowner return multiplier, payouts can range from 0% to 187.5%. Performance Share Units: Relative
Total Shareowner Return Modifier and Status of Programs Relative Total Shareowner Return Modifier The
                                         Compensation Committee added a relative total shareowner return modifier to PSU awards
                                         beginning with the 2014-2016 performance period to further link awards to shareowner
                                         value creation. The
                                         number of shares earned from PSU awards will be reduced or increased if total shareowner
                                         return over the three-year performance period relative to our compensation comparator
                                         group (see page 57 ) falls outside of a defined range. Specifically, after the performance
                                         results are certified, the award will be modified up or down as follows: If total shareowner return over
    the three-year performance period is: Then: At or above the 75 th percentile of the comparator group The award will be increased 25% At or above the 25 th and below the 75 th percentile
    of our comparator group No change to the award Below the 25 th percentile of
    our comparator group The award will be decreased 25% 2017 Proxy Statement 54 Back to Contents Status of Annual PSU Programs Performance Period Performance Measure Threshold, Target and Maximum Performance Levels Status 2013-2015 1,3 Compound annual growth in economic profit Threshold = 4.4% Target = 6.4% Maximum = 8.4% Results were certified in February 2016. No shares were earned from these awards because performance was below the threshold level. 2014-2016 1,3 Compound annual growth in economic profit Threshold = 6.9% Target = 8.9% Maximum = 10.9% Results were certified in February 2017. Economic profit growth was at the maximum level and the relative total shareowner return modifier was not triggered up
    or down, as total shareowner return was above the 25 th percentile and below the 75 th percentile (see page 54 ). Final payout was certified at 150%, which was driven by effective management of currency neutral operating results
    and capital. The shares earned are subject to an additional holding period through February 2018. 2015-2017 2,3 70% compound annual growth in economic profit 30% net operating revenue growth 4 Threshold = 4.5% Target = 7.1% Maximum = 9.1% Threshold = 2.3% Target = 5.0% Maximum = 7.1% Through December 31, 2016, payout is projected above target. Company performance over the remaining year of the performance
    period will determine the number of shares earned, if any. Results will be certified in February 2018, including applying the relative total shareowner return modifier, and any
    shares earned will be subject to an additional holding period through February 2019. 2016-2018 2,3 70% compound annual growth in economic profit 30% compound annual growth in net operating revenue 4 Threshold = 3.9% Target = 7.9% Maximum = 11.9% Threshold = 3.0% Target = 5.0% Maximum = 7.0% Through December 31, 2016, payout is projected near the target level. Company performance over the remaining two years
    of the performance period will determine the number of shares earned, if any. Results will be certified in February 2019, including applying the relative total shareowner return modifier, and any
    shares earned will be subject to an additional holding period through February 2020. 1 Participants
    receive 50% of the award at the threshold level, 100% of the award at the target level and 150% of the award at the maximum
    level. Results are rounded and the number of shares is extrapolated on a linear basis between performance levels. 2 Participants
    receive 35% of the award at the threshold level, 100% of the award at the target level and 150% of the award at the maximum
    level. Results are rounded and the number of shares is extrapolated on a linear basis between performance levels. 3 The
    calculation of economic profit growth for the 2013-2015 and 2014-2016 periods was adjusted, and the 2015-2017 and 2016-2018
    periods will be adjusted, to exclude items impacting comparability and to exclude structural items that are significant to
    the Company as a whole, including the refranchising of territories in North America. For the 2014-2016, 2015-2017 and 2016-2018
    periods, economic profit growth is calculated on a currency neutral basis. 4 The
    2015-2017 PSU program provides for net operating revenue growth to be based on three one-year comparable currency neutral
    net operating revenue growth targets tied to total Company or group/business unit results, as applicable. The net operating
    revenue growth target for the 2015-2017 PSU program included in the table above is the one-year 2016 total Company target.
    The 2016-2018 PSU program provides for net operating revenue growth to be based on a three-year compound annual growth target
    tied to total Company results. This measure differs from net operating revenue growth reported under GAAP, primarily due to
    the impact of currency and other items. In addition, the calculation of net operating revenue growth for the 2015 and 2016
    periods were adjusted, and the 2017 and 2016-2018 periods will be adjusted, to exclude items impacting comparability and to
    exclude structural items that are significant to the Company as a whole, including the refranchising of territories in North
    America. Other Long-Term Incentive Awards The vast majority of equity awards are made as part of the annual
long-term incentive grants in February of each year. During the year, a limited number of additional equity awards may be granted,
either as time-based restricted stock units or PSUs. Time-based restricted stock units are typically used for critical retention situations, make-whole
    awards for newly hired employees who forfeited equity awards at a prior employer, awards when employees return to the Company
    from bottlers, special recognition, promotions or when other forms of awards are not available for legal or tax reasons. From time to time, we establish additional PSU programs related to specific performance goals to motivate and reward for
    specific initiatives. No Named Executive Officer received such awards in 2016. Equity Stewardship Guidelines and Scorecard In 2014, we adopted Equity Stewardship Guidelines which specify
how we will use long-term equity compensation. The Equity Stewardship Guidelines can be viewed on the Company’s website
at www.coca-colacompany.com/equity-stewardship-guidelines . Primary features of the Equity Stewardship Guidelines include: A burn rate commitment of 0.8% in 2015 and an average of 0.4% thereafter, which makes availability
    of shares used for equity awards more certain. Significant reduction in our use of stock options. Significant reduction in the number of equity-eligible participants in the long-term incentive program by introduction
    of performance cash awards. Increased transparency by providing an Equity Scorecard. Commitment to continue share repurchases with 100% of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, which reduces potential
    dilution. 2017 Proxy Statement 55 Back to Contents The Equity Scorecard below provides information for 2016: The annual equity awards represent the vast majority of equity awards granted during the year. Overhang primarily includes outstanding awards granted under plans (“Prior Plans”) in place prior to adoption
    of The Coca-Cola Company 2014 Equity Plan, as amended (the “2014 Equity Plan”). Awards from Prior Plans that expire
    or are forfeited will not be issued or available for future issuance. Overhang will decline each year as equity awards are
    exercised or realized, and as awards from Prior Plans expire or are forfeited. In the Equity Scorecard, actual dilution is how much the equity issued to employees reduces the value of existing shares.
    Actual dilution is expected to continue to be less than 1% per year going forward, because 100% of the proceeds received from
    employee stock option exercises are used to repurchase shares and our burn rate is below 1%. The Company repurchases additional
    shares through its share repurchase program, which resulted in a decrease in Common Stock outstanding in 2016. EQUITY SCORECARD Description 2016 Burn Rate Commitment Maximum burn rate of 0.8% in 2015
    and a maximum average burn rate of 0.4% for the remaining life of the 2014 Equity Plan. 0.4% Actual Burn Rate The total number of shares underlying equity awards granted in the year, as a percentage
    of Common Stock outstanding. 0.3% Overhang The total number of shares underlying equity awards already granted plus those available
    for 2014 future grants, as a percentage of Common Stock outstanding. Prior Equity Plans Plan Total With Equity Stewardship Guidelines 1 4.8% 4.7% 9.5% Actual Dilution A measure of how much the equity issued to employees reduces
    the value of existing shares. 2 0.4% 1 With
    the burn rate commitment, over the 2014 Equity Plan’s ten-year term, the maximum number of shares estimated to be used
    is 200 million (based on Common Stock outstanding decreasing by 1% each year). 2 Calculated
    by dividing the number of net shares issued to employees during the year by the average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
    The number of net shares issued represents the difference between the total number of shares issued and the number of shares
    repurchased solely using proceeds from employee stock option exercises. Does not include additional share repurchases which
    further mitigate dilution. How We Make Compensation Decisions Shareowner Engagement and Results of 2016
Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The Company has a long-standing shareowner outreach program and
routinely interacts with shareowners about executive compensation and other matters (see page 31 ). Shareowners are also given
an opportunity to provide feedback through an advisory vote on executive compensation. At the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, approximately 96% of the votes cast were in favor of the
    advisory vote to approve executive compensation. The Compensation Committee took into account these results as well as feedback
    received from shareowners during our engagements when making the decisions described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. At the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, we are again holding an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (see page 43 ) and will continue to consider the results of the advisory vote and engage with our shareowners. As required, we also
    are holding a vote on the frequency of holding the advisory vote, which we are recommending to continue holding annually (see page 76 ). Decision-Making Process and Role of Executive
Officers The Compensation Committee reviews and discusses the Board’s evaluation of the Chairman and Chief
    Executive Officer and makes preliminary determinations about base salary, annual incentive and long-term equity compensation.
    The Compensation Committee then discusses the compensation recommendations with its independent consultant and the full Board,
    and approves final compensation decisions after these discussions. For other Named Executive Officers, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer considers performance, experience, pay history
    and competitive market data, and makes individual recommendations to the Compensation Committee on base salary, annual incentive
    and long-term equity compensation. The Compensation Committee reviews, discusses, modifies and approves, as appropriate, these
    compensation recommendations. The Compensation Committee uses several resources and tools, including competitive market information and “tally
    sheets,” which quantify each of the compensation elements as well as accumulated outstanding long-term equity awards
    and deferred compensation. 2017 Proxy Statement 56 Back to Contents Compensation Comparator Group We use a comparator group of companies when making certain compensation decisions. The comparator group
    is used as a reference point but compensation paid at other companies is not the primary factor in the decision-making process.
    As noted above, our employees operate in the much larger Coca-Cola system, but when assessing the comparable size of comparator
    companies only the revenues and market capitalization of the Company are considered. We routinely review the selection criteria and companies in our comparator group to ensure they support
    how we choose and use the comparator group. In 2015, our Compensation Committee approved changes effective for 2016 regarding
    how the comparator group is chosen and how it is used in our compensation and talent practices. This resulted in the removal
    of Apple Inc. and Abbott Laboratories and the additions of Danone and Pfizer Inc. The tables below show how the comparator group was chosen and how it is used. How the Comparator
Group Was Chosen Comparable size based on revenue and market capitalization Major global presence with sales and operations outside of the U.S. Large consumer products business Market-leading brands or category positions as defined by Interbrand Financially strong companies Available compensation data How We Use the Comparator Group* As an input in developing base salary ranges, annual incentive targets and long-term incentive award
    ranges. To assess the competitiveness of total direct compensation awarded to senior executives. To evaluate share utilization by reviewing overhang levels and annual burn rate. To benchmark the form and mix of equity awarded to employees. To benchmark share ownership guidelines. To assess talent and recruitment practices. To compare Company performance and validate whether executive compensation programs are aligned with Company performance. As an input in designing compensation plans, benefits and perquisites. * Since some of the comparator group companies are not U.S. based, a subgroup of the companies may
    be used for some of these purposes when data is not publicly available for the foreign companies. The comparator group for 2016 was: AT&T Inc. Nestlé S.A. Colgate-Palmolive Company NIKE, Inc. Danone* PepsiCo, Inc. General Mills, Inc. Philip Morris International Inc. International Business Machines Corporation Pfizer, Inc.* Johnson & Johnson The Procter & Gamble Company Kimberly-Clark Corporation Unilever PLC McDonald’s Corporation Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Mondelēz International, Inc. * New for 2016. Role of the Compensation Consultant In 2016, the Compensation Committee again engaged Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC (“Meridian”)
    as its compensation consultant. Meridian has served as compensation consultant since 2015. The Compensation Committee did
    not engage any other advisor in 2016. Meridian provided research, data analyses, survey information and design expertise in developing compensation programs
    for executives and incentive programs for eligible employees. Meridian kept the Compensation Committee apprised of regulatory
    developments and market trends related to executive compensation practices. Meridian does not determine or recommend the exact
    amount or form of executive compensation for any of the Named Executive Officers. A representative of Meridian attended meetings
    of the Compensation Committee. In accordance with the Compensation Committee’s Independent Compensation Consultant Policy, prior to the retention
    of a compensation consultant (or any other external advisor), and annually thereafter, the Compensation Committee assesses
    the independence of the compensation consultant. 2017 Proxy Statement 57 Back to Contents Under the Independent Compensation Consultant Policy, a consultant is considered independent if: – the individual consultant and any consulting firm or organization that employs the consultant is independent
    of the Company; – the individual consultant does not provide services or products of any kind to the Company and its affiliates or to their
    management, other than in its capacity as the Compensation Committee’s agent; and – the consulting firm may not provide any other services to the Company without the prior written consent of the Committee
    chair. The Compensation Committee assessed Meridian’s independence under the Independent Compensation Consultant
    Policy, including considering the following factors specified in the NYSE listing standards: (a) the provision of other services
    by the consulting firm to the Company, (b) the amount of fees paid as a percentage of the total revenue of the consulting
    firm, (c) the policies and procedures of the consulting firm that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest, (d) any business
    or personal relationship of the consultant with a member of the Committee, (e) any stock of the Company owned by the consultant
    and (f) any business or personal relationship of the consultant or consulting firm with an executive officer of the Company.
    Meridian provided the Compensation Committee with confirmation of its independent status under the Independent Compensation
    Consultant Policy. The Compensation Committee believes that Meridian is independent and that there is no conflict of interest
    between Meridian and the Compensation Committee. Risk Considerations The Compensation Committee reviews the risks and rewards associated with the Company’s compensation
    programs. The programs are designed with features that mitigate risk without diminishing the incentive nature of the compensation.
    We believe our compensation programs encourage and reward prudent business judgment and appropriate risk taking over the short-term
    and the long-term. Management and the Compensation Committee do not believe any of the Company’s compensation programs create risks
    that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company. In 2016, the Company conducted, and the Compensation Committee reviewed, a comprehensive global risk assessment. The risk
    assessment included conducting a global inventory of incentive plans and programs and considered factors such as the plan
    metrics, number of participants, maximum payments and risk mitigation factors. Additional Compensation Information Share Ownership Guidelines Share ownership guidelines align the executives’ long-term financial interests with those of
    shareowners. All Named Executive Officers meet or exceed their share ownership guidelines. The ownership guidelines, which cover approximately 60 executives, are as follows: Role Value of Common Stock to be Owned* Chief Executive Officer 8 times base salary Chief Operating Officer and Operating Business Presidents 5 times base salary Executive Vice Presidents, Group Presidents and President of Coca-Cola Refreshments 4 times base salary Other senior executives 2 times base salary Business Unit Presidents below senior executive level 1 times base salary * Shares are valued based on the average closing price of Common Stock for the prior one-year period. Stock options do not count toward the ownership guidelines and PSUs count only after the performance
    criteria have been met. To ensure compliance with the guidelines, the Compensation Committee may direct that up to 50% of the annual cash incentive
    be withheld if an executive is not compliant. The Compensation Committee also may mandate the retention of 100% of net shares,
    after settlement of taxes and transaction fees, acquired pursuant to equity awards granted on or after January 1, 2009. 2017 Proxy Statement 58 Back to Contents Share Retention Policy Executive officers must retain 50% of the shares (after paying taxes) obtained from option exercises
    or from the release of PSUs, restricted stock units or restricted stock awards until the earlier of one year after exercise/release
    of shares or separation from the Company. Limited exceptions apply for donations of stock to charities, educational institutions or family foundations and sales
    or divisions of property in the case of divorce, disability or death. The Compensation Committee is authorized to grant waivers
    in exceptional circumstances. Applies to equity awards granted in and after February 2013 and is in addition to the share ownership guidelines described
    above. Clawbacks The Company’s short-term and long-term performance compensation, including equity compensation,
    is subject to recoupment, or “clawback,” in certain circumstances. These clawback provisions apply while an individual
    is employed and, if an employee separates from employment, the later of one year from separation and payment of the applicable
    compensation. In addition to any clawbacks required by law, regulation or applicable listing standards, the clawback provisions allow
    the Company to recoup payments if an employee or former employee engages in certain prohibited activities, which include violation
    of any Company policy, including the Company’s Code of Business Conduct, disclosing confidential information or trade
    secrets, accepting employment competing against the Company or soliciting Company employees. Retirement and Benefit Plans Named Executive Officers participate in the same retirement and benefit plans as the broader population
    of non-union employees, as applicable. These plans provide for basic retirement needs and serve as a safety net to protect
    against the financial catastrophes that can result from illness, disability or death. Retirement plans generally include pension plans, retirement savings plans and deferred compensation plans. There are
    no special or enhanced pension formulas for Named Executive Officers. See the 2016 Pension Benefits table on page 68 for the
    value of accumulated pension benefits for the Named Executive Officers. Benefit plans generally include medical, dental and disability plans. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits The table below summarizes and provides the business rationale
for each of the perquisites and other personal benefits provided to the Named Executive Officers. For more information about these
perquisites and other personal benefits, and their values, see the discussion beginning on page 62 . Category Business Rationale Aircraft Usage To allow travel time of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Operating Officer to be used
    productively for the Company, for security purposes due to the high profile and global nature of our business and our highly
    symbolic and well-recognized brands, as well as to ensure availability to respond to business priorities from any location
    around the world. Car and Driver Provided where necessary for security and/or productivity reasons. Security To protect our employees given the global visibility of our brands and the extensive locations where we operate. International Service Program To promote global mobility and development opportunities for individuals working outside their home country. Financial and Tax Planning To address the complex tax and financial situations of a significant percentage of our senior executives with dual nationalities
    or work histories in a number of countries. Assists in compliance with local country laws. Other Executive physicals are made available to set the example for active healthy living. Change in Control The Company has change in control provisions in its annual Performance Incentive Plan, its equity plans
    and some of its retirement plans in which the Named Executive Officers participate. As described beginning on page 71 , equity
    plans include “double-trigger” change in control provisions. Change in control provisions apply equally to all plan participants. We have no special change in control agreements or
    arrangements with any of the Named Executive Officers and we do not provide a tax gross-up for any change in control situation. For a more detailed discussion of change in control provisions, see the Payments on Termination or Change in Control section
    beginning on page 69 . 2017 Proxy Statement 59 Back to Contents Tax and Accounting Implications of Compensation Tax and accounting implications are considered, but they are not the only factors considered. Other
    important considerations outweigh tax or accounting considerations. Section 162(m) of the Tax Code limits deductibility of certain compensation to $1 million per year for the Chief Executive
    Officer and the three other executive officers (other than the Chief Financial Officer) who are the highest paid and employed
    at year-end. If certain conditions are met, performance-based compensation may be excluded from this limitation. The Company’s annual and long-term incentive plans have been structured with the intent of enabling the Compensation
    Committee to grant compensation that constitutes “qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m)
    of the Tax Code, if the Compensation Committee determines to do so. In 2016, all annual incentive payments to the Named Executive
    Officers were deducted. Generally under GAAP, compensation is expensed as earned. Equity compensation is expensed in accordance with ASC Topic 718,
    which is generally over the vesting period. REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management. Based on such review and discussions, the Compensation
Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated
by reference into the Form 10-K. Maria Elena Lagomasino, Chair Helene D. Gayle Alexis M. Herman COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER
PARTICIPATION The Compensation Committee is comprised entirely of the three
independent Directors listed above. No member of the Compensation Committee is a current, or during 2016 was a former, officer
or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. During 2016, no member of the Compensation Committee had a relationship
that must be described under the SEC rules relating to disclosure of related person transactions. In 2016, none of our executive
officers served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that had one or more of its executive officers
serving on the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Company. 2017 Proxy Statement 60 Back to Contents COMPENSATION TABLES The following tables, narrative and footnotes discuss the compensation
of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the three other most highly compensated executive
officers during 2016, who are referred to as the Named Executive Officers. 2016 Summary Compensation Table Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Non-Equity Deferred Total
    Without Name Option Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Change in and Principal Salary Stock
    Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total Pension Position Year ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) Value (a) (b) (c) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) ($)* Muhtar Kent 2016 $ 1,600,000 $ 7,552,779 $ 1,983,748 $ 4,100,000 $ 1,523,003 $ 792,414 $ 17,551,944 $ 16,028,941 Chairman
    of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 2015 1,600,000 4,904,848 2,830,597 4,600,000 0 655,126 14,590,571 14,590,571 2014 1,600,000 6,489,441 9,314,144 0 7,100,940 719,897 25,224,422 18,123,482 Kathy N. Waller 2016 749,365 2,794,510 733,987 1,056,805 1,601,929 82,826 7,019,422 5,417,493 Executive Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer 2015 728,406 1,897,287 1,094,927 1,200,083 751,588 59,755 5,732,046 4,980,458 2014 641,890 622,624 893,634 653,000 1,024,287 43,808 3,879,243 2,854,956 James Quincey** 2016 923,625 4,229,542 1,110,901 2,021,355 321,839 96,448 8,703,710 8,381,871 President and Chief 2015 700,972 3,727,920 636,243 1,523,032 59,071 199,713 6,846,951 6,787,880 Operating Officer Marcos de Quinto*** 2016 778,379 3,143,858 825,735 1,156,530 459,734 1,270,819 7,635,055 7,175,321 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Irial Finan 2016 908,108 3,146,995 826,561 1,358,432 368,701 170,489 6,779,286 6,410,585 Executive
    Vice President and President, Bottling Investments and Supply Chain 2015 884,844 2,229,487 1,286,634 1,611,947 1,639,329 1,542,463 9,194,704 7,555,375 2014 869,022 2,129,356 3,056,205 985,000 663,001 534,317 8,236,901 7,573,900 * In order to show the effect that the year-over-year change
    in pension value had on total compensation, as determined under applicable SEC rules, we have included an additional column
    to show total compensation minus the change in pension value. The amounts reported in the Total Without Change in Pension
    Value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in the Total column required under SEC rules and are not a
    substitute for total compensation. Total Without Change in Pension Value represents total compensation, as determined under
    applicable SEC rules, minus the change in pension value reported in the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred
    Compensation Earnings column (but including the nonqualified deferred compensation earnings reported in that column, if any).
    The change in pension value is subject to many external variables, such as interest rates, that are not related to Company
    performance. Therefore, we do not believe a year-over-year change in pension value is helpful in evaluating compensation for
    comparative purposes and instead, believe shareowners may find the accumulated pension benefits in the 2016 Pension Benefits
    table on page 68 a more useful calculation of the pension benefits provided to the Named Executive Officers. ** Compensation for Mr. Quincey is provided only for 2016 and
    2015 because he was not a Named Executive Officer for 2014. Mr. Quincey was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer
    effective August 13, 2015. Prior to becoming President and Chief Operating Officer, compensation for Mr. Quincey was delivered
    in British pounds. In calculating the dollar equivalent for items that are not denominated in U.S. dollars, the Company converts
    each payment into dollars based on an average exchange rate. *** Compensation for Mr. de Quinto is provided only for 2016 because
    he was not a Named Executive Officer for 2014 or 2015. Salary (Column (c)) The amount in the Salary column represents the base salary earned
by each of the Named Executive Officers in the applicable year. Stock Awards (Column
(e)) The amount in the Stock Awards column is the grant date fair value
of stock awards determined pursuant to ASC Topic 718. For 2016, all of the stock awards reported in the Stock Awards column are
PSUs granted under the 2014 Equity Plan, which pay in stock if predetermined performance metrics are met over a three-year period. If a PSU’s minimum performance measure is not met, no award
is earned. If at least the minimum performance measure is attained, awards range from 35% to 150% of the target number of shares.
In addition, beginning with the 2014-2016 PSUs, a relative total shareowner return (“TSR”) modifier was added to the
annual PSU program. The relative TSR modifier will reduce or increase the amount of shares earned by 25% if TSR over the three-year
performance period relative to our compensation comparator group falls outside of a defined range. See page 54 for more information
about the relative TSR modifier. 2017 Proxy Statement 61 Back to Contents The amounts for 2016 in the table above reflect the value of the
annual PSU grants at the target (or 100%) level. The table below provides the potential value of the 2016 annual PSU grants at
the threshold, target and maximum levels. The metrics, targets and status of the outstanding PSU programs are described beginning
on page 55 . 2016-2018 Performance Share Units Granted 02/18/2016 Value at Value at Target (100%) Threshold (Reported in Value at Level Column (e) Maximum Name (35%) 1 Above) 1 Level (150%) 1 Mr. Kent $  2,643,439 $   7,552,779 $   11,329,149 Ms. Waller 978,049 2,794,510 4,191,745 Mr. Quincey 1,480,334 4,229,542 6,344,293 Mr. de Quinto 1,100,334 3,143,858 4,715,787 Mr. Finan 1,101,446 3,146,995 4,720,472 1 Pursuant to the relative TSR modifier on
    PSU awards, the amount of shares earned will be reduced or increased by 25% if TSR over the three-year performance period
    relative to our compensation comparator group (see page 57 ) falls outside of a defined range. The assumptions used by the Company in calculating these amounts
are incorporated herein by reference to Note 12 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K. To see
the value actually received upon vesting of stock by the Named Executive Officers in 2016, refer to the 2016 Option Exercises and
Stock Vested table on page 67 . Additional information on all outstanding stock awards is reflected in the 2016 Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End table beginning on page 66 . Option Awards (Column
(f)) The amounts reported in the Option Awards column represent the
grant date fair value of stock option awards granted under the 2014 Equity Plan to each of the Named Executive Officers, calculated
in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used by the Company in calculating these amounts
are incorporated herein by reference to Note 12 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K. To see
the value actually received upon exercise of options by the Named Executive Officers in 2016, refer to the 2016 Option Exercises
and Stock Vested table on page 67 . Additional information on all outstanding option awards is reflected in the 2016 Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table beginning on page 66 . Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (Column (g)) The amounts reported in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation
column reflect the amounts earned by each Named Executive Officer under the Company’s annual Performance Incentive Plan.
The Annual Incentive Compensation section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which begins on page 52 , describes how the
2016 Performance Incentive Plan awards to the Named Executive Officers were determined. Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings (Column (h)) The amounts reported for each year in the Change in Pension Value
and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column are comprised of changes in the actuarial present value of the accumulated
pension benefits of each of the Named Executive Officers under the applicable pension plan during such year. Pension values may fluctuate significantly from year to year depending
on a number of factors, including age, years of service, average annual earnings and the assumptions used to determine the present
value, such as the discount rate. The assumptions used by the Company in calculating the change in pension value are described
on page 68 . For 2016, the required discount rate assumption used to determine the actuarial present value of accumulated pension
benefits was lower than in 2015. For Mr. Kent, this lower discount rate assumption was the primary reason for the increase in pension
value in 2016. For 2015, $0 was reported because there was a decrease of $520,561 in the pension value. The Company cautions that the values reported in the Change in
Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column are theoretical as those amounts are calculated pursuant to
SEC requirements and are based on assumptions used in preparing the Company’s audited financial statements for the applicable
fiscal years. The Company’s retirement plans utilize a different method of calculating actuarial present value for the purpose
of determining a lump sum payment, if any. The change in pension value from year to year as reported in the table is subject to
market volatility and may not represent the value that a Named Executive Officer will actually accrue or receive under the Company’s
retirement plans during any given year. None of the Named Executive Officers received above-market or
preferential earnings (as these terms are defined by the SEC) on their nonqualified deferred compensation accounts. The material provisions of the Company’s retirement plans
and deferred compensation plans in which the Named Executive Officers participate are described in the Summary of Plans in Annex
B beginning on page 91 . All Other Compensation (Column
(i)) The amounts reported in the All Other Compensation column reflect,
for each Named Executive Officer, the sum of (i) the incremental cost to the Company of all perquisites and other personal benefits,
(ii) the amount of any tax reimbursements, (iii) the amounts contributed by the Company to applicable Company 401(k) and savings
plans and (iv) the dollar value of life insurance premiums paid by the Company. Amounts contributed to Company 401(k) and savings
plans are calculated on the same basis for all participants in the relevant plan, including the Named Executive Officers. The material
provisions of the Company 401(k) and savings plans in which the Named Executive Officers participate are described in the Summary
of Plans in Annex B beginning on page 91 . 2017 Proxy Statement 62 Back to Contents The following table outlines those perquisites and other personal
benefits and additional all other compensation required by SEC rules to be separately quantified for 2016. A dash indicates that
the Named Executive Officer received the perquisite or personal benefit but the amount was not required to be disclosed under
SEC rules. The narrative following the table describes all categories of perquisites and other personal benefits provided by the
Company in 2016. Perquisites
    and Other Personal Benefits Additional
    All Other Compensation International Company Service Financial Contributions Aircraft Car and Program and Tax Tax to Company 401(k) Life Insurance Name Usage Driver Security Benefits Planning Other Reimbursement and Savings Plans Premiums Mr. Kent $ 264,254 $ 151,438 $ 96,948 $ 0 $ — $ — $ 43,035 $ 217,000 $ 4,944 Ms. Waller 0 0 0 0 — — 0 68,231 2,800 Mr. Quincey 78,226 0 0 — 0 — 809 0 864 Mr. de Quinto 0 0 0 1,256,113 — — 0 0 2,911 Mr. Finan 0 0 0 75,258 — — 405 88,202 3,393 Aircraft Usage The Company owns and operates business aircraft
to allow employees to safely and efficiently travel for business purposes around the world. Given the Company’s significant
global presence, we believe it is a business imperative for senior leaders to be on the ground at our global operations. The Company
aircraft allow employees to be far more productive than if commercial flights were utilized, as the aircraft provide a confidential
and highly productive environment in which to conduct business without the schedule constraints imposed by commercial airline service. The
Company aircraft are made available to the Named Executive Officers for their personal use in the following situations: The Company aircraft is the Board’s strongly preferred method for
all travel by Mr. Kent, for both business and personal travel. This is for security purposes due to the high profile and global
nature of our business and our highly symbolic and well-recognized brands, as well as to ensure that he can be immediately available
to respond to business priorities from any location around the world. This arrangement also allows travel time to be used productively
for the Company. Mr. Kent and his immediate family traveling with him use the Company aircraft for a reasonable number of personal
trips. Personal use of the Company aircraft results in imputed taxable income. Mr. Kent is not provided a tax reimbursement for
personal use of aircraft. For the same reasons, personal use of the Company aircraft is permitted for Mr. Quincey as President
and Chief Operating Officer. No other Named Executive Officer uses the Company aircraft for personal
purposes except in extraordinary circumstances. The Company aircraft was not used for personal purposes by Named Executive Officers
in 2016, other than Messrs. Kent and Quincey. Infrequently, spouses and guests of Named Executive Officers ride along
on the Company aircraft when the aircraft is already going to a specific destination for a business purpose. This use has minimal
cost to the Company and, where applicable, a nominal amount is included in the All Other Compensation table above. Income is imputed
to the Named Executive Officer for income tax purposes, but no tax reimbursement is provided since such persons are not traveling
for a business purpose. In determining the incremental cost to the Company of personal use of
the Company aircraft, the Company calculates, for each aircraft, the direct variable operating costs on an hourly basis, including
all costs that may vary by the hours flown. Items included in calculating this cost are as follows: – aircraft fuel and oil; – travel, lodging and other expenses for crew; – prorated amount of repairs and maintenance; – prorated amount of rental fee on airplane hangar; – catering; – logistics (landing fees, permits, etc.); – telecommunication expenses and other supplies; and – the amount, if any, of disallowed tax deductions associated with such
use. When the aircraft is already flying to a destination for business
purposes, only the direct variable costs associated with the additional passenger (for example, catering) are included in determining
the aggregate incremental cost to the Company. While it happens very rarely, if an aircraft flies empty before picking up or after
dropping off a passenger flying for personal reasons, this “deadhead” segment would be included in the incremental
cost. 2017 Proxy Statement 63 Back to Contents Car and Driver Mr. Kent is provided with a car and driver in the U.S. both for
security purposes and to maximize his efficiency during business hours. When not being utilized by Mr. Kent, the car and driver
are used for other Company business. However, the Company has included the entire cost of the car and driver, including all salary,
benefits and related employment costs. A car and driver are made available to Mr. Kent in Turkey for security purposes. No other
Named Executive Officer is provided with a car or driver. Security The Company provides a security program for Mr. Kent. This includes
monitoring equipment at his homes and Company-paid security personnel. Upon becoming President and Chief Operating Officer, security
upgrades were made to Mr. Quincey’s residence in 2015. No other Named Executive Officer is provided with Company-paid security,
except where necessary when traveling overseas, and with respect to Mr. de Quinto, security services provided pursuant to his international
service program benefits. International Service Program Benefits The Company provides benefits to globally mobile associates under
various international service programs, the material provisions of which are described on page 93 . These programs are designed
to relocate and support employees who are sent on an assignment outside of their home country. The purpose of the programs is to
make sure that when the Company requests that an employee move outside his or her home country, economic considerations do not
play a role. This helps the Company quickly meet its business needs around the world and develop its employees. In connection with Mr. Quincey’s appointment as President
and Chief Operating Officer and to support his transition to Atlanta from the UK, Mr. Quincey will receive benefits under an international
service program for a period of up to two years until September 2017. Mr. de Quinto, a Spanish national, is provided with benefits under
the international service program. In addition, he receives additional benefits related to his relocation to the U.S. Mr. Finan, who is based in Atlanta, participated in an international
service program until July 2015. Benefits related to his participation in the program and relocation to the U.S. were paid in 2016
and may be paid in future years. The costs to the Company in 2016 were as follows: Name Auto Expenses Security Home Leave Housing Allowance Host Country Allowance Tax Equalization 1 Other Program Allowances Mr. Quincey $ 6,379 $ 0 $ 18,982 $ 156,860 $ 7,400 $ (189,072 ) $ 14,205 Mr. de Quinto 0 172,798 8,200 193,620 7,400 563,615 310,480 Mr. Finan 0 0 0 0 0 75,258 0 1 The tax equalization amount may differ significantly from year to year due to differences in timing of payments and tax reporting
years in various countries. Financial and Tax Planning The Company provides a taxable reimbursement to the Named Executive
Officers for financial planning services, which may include tax preparation and estate planning services. No tax gross-ups are
provided to the Named Executive Officers for this benefit. Other Perquisites The Company makes available executive physicals to executives,
including the Named Executive Officers. Additional All Other Compensation Tax Reimbursement The amounts reported in the table on page 63 represent tax reimbursements
for certain Named Executive Officers. All amounts for 2016 are related to business use of the Company aircraft. No Named Executive
Officer is provided a tax reimbursement for personal use of aircraft, but Named Executive Officers are provided a tax reimbursement
for taxes incurred when a spouse travels for business purposes. These taxes are incurred because of the Internal Revenue Service’s
extremely limited rules concerning business travel by spouses. It is sometimes necessary for spouses to accompany Named Executive
Officers to business functions. In contrast to personal use, the Company does not believe an employee should pay personally when
travel is required or important for business purposes. To calculate taxable income, the Standard Industry Fare Level
rates set by the Internal Revenue Service are used. Where a tax reimbursement is authorized, it is calculated using the highest
marginal federal tax rate, applicable state rate and Medicare rates. The rate used to calculate taxable income has no relationship
to the incremental cost to the Company associated with the use of the aircraft. Company Contributions to 401(k) and Savings
Plans The Company makes matching contributions to Named Executive Officers
who participate in applicable Company 401(k) or savings plans on the same terms and using the same formulas as other participating
employees. In 2016, Ms. Waller and Messrs. Kent and Finan participated in the Company 401(k) Plan and Supplemental 401(k) Plan. The amounts
reported in the table on page 63 represent the following contributions in 2016: Mr. Kent – $9,275 to the 401(k) Plan and $207,725 to the Supplemental
401(k) Plan. Ms. Waller – $9,275 to the 401(k) Plan and $58,956 to the Supplemental
401(k) Plan. 2017 Proxy Statement 64 Back to Contents Mr. Finan – $9,275 to the 401(k) Plan and $78,927 to
    the Supplemental 401(k) Plan. In 2016, Messrs. Quincey and de Quinto participated in the Mobile
Employees Retirement Plan, which is included in the 2016 Pension Benefits Table on page 68 . Life Insurance Premiums The Company provides life insurance to U.S. based employees, including
the Named Executive Officers. In 2016, this coverage was equal to the lesser of 1.5 times pay or $2 million. The amounts reported
in the table on page 63 represent the premiums paid for this insurance by the Company. 2016 Grants of Plan Based Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Estimated Future Payouts All Other Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Under Equity Incentive Option Plan Awards Awards: Exercise Grant Date Number of or Base Fair Value Securities Price of Closing of Stock and Underlying Option Price on Option Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Options Awards Grant Awards Name Grant Date ($) ($) ($) (#) (#) (#) (#) ($/Sh) Date ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (j) (k) ($/Sh) (l) Muhtar Kent 02/18/2016 $ 0 $ 3,200,000 $8,000,000 02/18/2016 66,580 190,231 285,346 $ 7,552,779 02/18/2016 475,719 $ 43.515 $ 43.61 1,983,748 Kathy N. Waller 02/18/2016 0 943,576 2,358,940 02/18/2016 24,634 70,385 105,577 2,794,510 02/18/2016 176,016 43.515 43.61 733,987 James Quincey 02/18/2016 0 1,630,125 4,075,313 02/18/2016 37,285 106,529 159,793 4,229,542 02/18/2016 266,403 43.515 43.61 1,110,901 Marcos de Quinto 02/18/2016 0 980,110 2,450,275 02/18/2016 27,714 79,184 118,776 3,143,858 02/18/2016 198,018 43.515 43.61 825,735 Irial Finan 02/18/2016 0 1,372,154 3,430,385 02/18/2016 27,742 79,263 118,894 3,146,995 02/18/2016 198,216 43.515 43.61 826,561 Estimated Future Payouts Under
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (Annual Incentive) (Columns (c), (d) and (e)) The amounts relate to the possible awards under the annual Performance
Incentive Plan as described beginning on page 52 . Actual payments under these awards were determined in February 2017, will be
paid in March 2017 and are included in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column (column (g)) of the 2016 Summary Compensation
Table. Estimated Future Payouts Under
Equity Incentive Plan Awards (PSUs) (Columns (f), (g) and (h)) The awards represent PSUs granted in February
2016. The performance period for the awards is from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2018. The awards are subject to an additional
holding period through February 2020 and a relative TSR modifier. The grant date fair value is included in the Stock Awards column
(column (e)) of the 2016 Summary Compensation Table. For additional details of the PSU awards granted in 2016, see the discussion
beginning on page 53 . All Other Option Awards and Exercise
Price of Option Awards (Stock Options) (Columns (j) and (k)) The awards represent stock options granted
in February 2016. These options have a term of ten years from the grant date and vest 25% on the first, second, third and fourth
anniversaries of the grant date. The exercise price of stock options is the average of the high and low price of Common Stock on
the grant date. 2017 Proxy Statement 65 Back to Contents 2016 Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Plan Awards: Number of Number of Number Number of Market or Payout Securities Securities of Shares Market Value Unearned Value of Unearned Underlying Underlying or Units of of Shares or Shares, Units Shares, Units or Unexercised Unexercised Option Option Stock That Units of Stock or Other Rights Other Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Exercise Price Expiration Have Not That Have Not That Have Not Have Not Vested Name Exercisable Unexercisable ($) Date Vested (#) Vested ($) Vested (#) ($) (a) (b) (c) (e) (f) (g) (h)* (i) (j)* Muhtar Kent 731,706 1 $ 29.07250 02/20/2018 300,940 13 $ 12,476,972 383,620 14 $ 15,904,885 1,265,822 2 25.26500 07/16/2018 578,704 3 29.05475 07/16/2018 2,334,000 4 21.60000 02/18/2019 1,211,400 5 27.76750 02/17/2020 1,603,200 6 31.99750 02/16/2021 1,808,696 7 34.35250 02/15/2022 1,434,263 8 478,088 8 37.61000 02/20/2023 1,191,067 9 1,191,067 9 37.20500 02/19/2024 161,195 10 483,588 10 41.88500 02/18/2025 475,719 11 43.51500 02/17/2026 Kathy N. Waller 12,632 12 22.32750 12/17/2017 28,873 15 1,197,075 145,191 16 6,019,619 23,240 1 29.07250 02/20/2018 68,230 4 21.60000 02/18/2019 88,400 5 27.76750 02/17/2020 104,200 6 31.99750 02/16/2021 118,588 7 34.35250 02/15/2022 89,910 8 29,970 8 37.61000 02/20/2023 114,276 9 114,275 9 37.20500 02/19/2024 62,353 10 187,061 10 41.88500 02/18/2025 176,016 11 43.51500 02/17/2026 James Quincey 38,260 7 34.35250 02/15/2022 119,342 17 4,947,919 149,997 18 6,218,876 192,729 8 64,243 8 37.61000 02/20/2023 184,057 9 184,057 9 37.20500 02/19/2024 36,233 10 108,697 10 41.88500 02/18/2025 266,403 11 43.51500 02/17/2026 Marcos de Quinto 108,402 4 21.60000 02/18/2019 22,570 19 935,752 150,738 20 6,249,597 89,400 5 27.76750 02/17/2020 122,450 6 31.99750 02/16/2021 106,435 7 34.35250 02/15/2022 93,227 8 46,613 8 37.61000 02/20/2023 89,330 9 89,330 9 37.20500 02/19/2024 59,643 10 178,927 10 41.88500 02/18/2025 198,018 11 43.51500 02/17/2026 Irial Finan 354,146 1 29.07250 02/20/2018 98,746 21 4,094,009 167,167 22 6,930,744 672,268 4 21.60000 02/18/2019 341,600 5 27.76750 02/17/2020 374,200 6 31.99750 02/16/2021 374,956 7 34.35250 02/15/2022 313,746 8 104,581 8 37.61000 02/20/2023 390,819 9 390,819 9 37.20500 02/19/2024 73,271 10 219,812 10 41.88500 02/18/2025 198,216 11 43.51500 02/17/2026 2017 Proxy Statement 66 Back to Contents * Market value in columns (h) and (j) was determined by multiplying th
    ne number of     shares of stock or units, as applicable, by $41.46, the closing price of Common Stock on December 30, 2016,
    the last trading     day of the year. 1 These options were granted on February 21, 2008. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 2 These options were granted on July 17, 2008. The options vested 25% on the first, second, third
    and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 3 These options were granted on July 17, 2008. The options vested 100% on the fourth anniversary
    of the grant date. 4 These options were granted on February 19, 2009. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 5 These options were granted on February 18, 2010. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 6 These options were granted on February 17, 2011. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 7 These options were granted on February 16, 2012. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 8 These options were granted on February 21, 2013. The options vest 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 9 These options were granted on February 20, 2014. The options vest 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 10 These options were granted on February 19, 2015. The options vest 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 11 These options were granted on February 18, 2016. The options vest 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 12 These options were granted on December 18, 2002. The options vested 25% on the first, second,
    third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. 13 No amounts are included with respect to the 2013-2015 PSU program because the threshold performance
    measures were not met. Reflects 300,940 restricted stock units issued upon satisfaction of the performance measures under
    the 2014-2016 PSU program. 14 Reflects 193,389 PSUs for the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level and 190,231 PSUs
    for the 2016-2018 PSU program at the target award level. 15 No amounts are included with respect to the 2013-2015 PSU program because the threshold performance
    measures were not met. Reflects 28,873 restricted stock units issued upon satisfaction of the performance measures under the
    2014-2016 PSU program. 16 Reflects 74,806 PSUs for the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level and 70,385 PSUs
    for the 2016-2018 PSU program at the target award level. 17 No amounts are included with respect to the 2013-2015 PSU program because the threshold performance
    measures were not met. Reflects 72,838 restricted stock units that will vest 50% on August 12, 2018 and 50% on August 12,
    2019 and 46,504 restricted stock units issued upon satisfaction of the performance measures under the 2014-2016 PSU program. 18 Reflects 43,468 PSUs for the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level and 106,529 PSUs
    for the 2016-2018 PSU program at the target award level. 19 No amounts are included with respect to the 2013-2015 PSU program because the threshold performance
    measures were not met. Reflects 22,570 restricted stock units issued upon satisfaction of the performance measures under the
    2014-2016 PSU program. 20 Reflects 71,554 PSUs for the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level and 79,184 PSUs
    for the 2016-2018 PSU program at the target award level. 21 No amounts are included with respect to the 2013-2015 PSU program
    because the threshold performance     measures were not met. Reflects 98,746 restricted stock units issued upon satisfaction
    of the performance measures under the 2014-2016     PSU program. 22 Reflects 87,904 PSUs for the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level and 79,263 PSUs
    for the 2016-2018 PSU program at the target award level. 2016 Option Exercises and Stock
Vested Option Awards Stock Awards Name (a) Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) (b) Value Realized on Exercise ($) (c) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) (d) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (e) Muhtar Kent 689,656 $ 13,503,464 0 $ 0 Kathy N. Waller 63,720 1,202,620 0 0 James Quincey 0 0 0 0 Marcos de Quinto 0 0 60,197 2,805,180 Irial Finan 455,172 9,915,538 0 0 Option Awards (Columns
(b) and (c)) The following table provides details of the stock options exercised
in 2016. Value Options Exercise Realized on Name Grant Date Exercised Date Exercise Mr. Kent 02/15/2007 689,656 08/02/2016 $ 13,503,464 Ms. Waller 05/30/2001 16,920 03/10/2016 353,543 02/15/2007 46,800 11/03/2016 849,077 Mr. Finan 02/15/2007 455,172 03/28/2016 9,915,538 Stock Awards (Columns
(d) and (e)) The following table provides details of the stock awards that
vested and the value realized in 2016. Name Grant Date Release Date Number of Shares Stock Price on Release Date 1 Value Realized on Release Description Mr. de Quinto 12/11/2014 03/31/2016 60,197 $ 46.60 $ 2,805,180 Shares underlying a one-time award of restricted stock units 1 Represents the average of the high and low prices of Common Stock on the applicable
release date. 2017 Proxy Statement 67 Back to Contents 2016 Pension Benefits Present Value of Number of Years Accumulated Payments During Credited Service Benefit Last Fiscal Year Name Plan Name (#) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Muhtar Kent TCCC Pension Plan 28.9 $ 1,399,553 $ 0 TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan — 1 40,264,355 0 Kathy N. Waller TCCC Pension Plan 29.3 1,181,898 0 TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan — 1 4,602,700 0 James Quincey Mobile Plan 10.8 1,645,808 665 TCCC Pension Plan 2.9 2 83,799 0 TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan — 1 254,959 0 Marcos de Quinto Mobile Plan 16.3 5,023,552 872 Irial Finan Mobile Plan 10.9 3 6,996,165 0 TCCC Pension Plan 1.5 43,206 0 TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan — 1 195,274 0 1 For each person, the same years of service apply to both the TCCC Pension Plan and the
    TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan, which work in tandem. 2 Mr. Quincey is not currently earning additional years of credited service. These years
    of service relate to a prior period of employment. 3 In July 2015, Mr. Finan stopped participating in an international service program. As a
    result, Mr. Finan began participating in the TCCC Pension Plan and TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan, and stopped earning benefits
    under the Mobile Plan. The Company provides retirement benefits from various plans to
its employees, including the Named Executive Officers. Due to the Company’s global operations, it maintains different plans
to address different market conditions, various legal and tax requirements and different groups of employees. In 2016, all Named Executive Officers except Mr. de Quinto participated
in or had a benefit under The Coca-Cola Company Pension Plan (the “TCCC Pension Plan”) and The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental
Pension Plan (the “TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan”). In 2016, Messrs. Quincey and de Quinto participated in the Mobile
Employees Retirement Plan (the “Mobile Plan”). Mr. Finan has a benefit under the Mobile Plan for the period he was
covered under an international service program. Additional details of these plans are described in the Summary of Plans in Annex
B beginning on page 91 . The table above reflects the present value of benefits accrued by each of the Named Executive Officers
from the applicable plans. Compensation used for determining pension benefits under the TCCC
Pension Plan, the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan and the Mobile Plan generally includes only salary and short-term cash incentives.
The amounts reflected for each plan represent the present value of the maximum benefit payable under the applicable plan. In some
cases, the payments may be reduced for early retirement or by benefits paid by other Company-sponsored retirement plans, statutory
payments or Social Security. The Company generally does not grant additional years of benefit
service, and no Named Executive Officer has been credited with additional years of benefit service. The discount rate assumption used by the Company in calculating
the present value of accumulated benefits was 4.07% for the TCCC Pension Plan and 4.03% for the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan.
Additional assumptions used by the Company in calculating the present value of accumulated benefits are incorporated herein by
reference to Note 13 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K. The calculations assume that the
Named Executive Officer continues to live at least until the earliest age at which an unreduced benefit is payable. The Company’s retirement plans utilize a different method
of calculating actuarial present value for the purpose of determining a lump sum payment, if any. The traditional pension benefit
under the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan is paid in the form of an annuity if the employee has reached at least age 55 with ten
years of service at the time of his or her separation from the Company. Therefore, Mr. Kent is required to take the traditional
pension benefit portion of his TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan benefit in the form of an annuity. 2017 Proxy Statement 68 Back to Contents 2016 Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation The following table provides
information on the Named Executive Officers’ participation in The Coca-Cola Company Deferred Compensation Plan (the
“Deferred Compensation Plan”) and the Supplemental 401(k) Plan, as applicable. These plans either allow eligible
employees to defer part of their salary and annual incentive on a voluntary basis or make employees whole when the Company
matching contribution is limited under the tax-qualified plan. The Company matching contribution under the Supplemental
401(k) Plan was provided at the same rate as the match in the 401(k) Plan. The Company does not match any additional
voluntary deferrals. Additional details of the Deferred Compensation Plan and the Supplemental
401(k) Plan are described on pages 92 and 93 . Executive Registrant Aggregate Aggregate Aggregate Contributions Contributions Earnings Withdrawals/ Balance at Last in Last FY in Last FY in Last FY Distributions FYE Name ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) Plan Name (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Muhtar Kent Deferred Compensation Plan N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Supplemental 401(k) Plan N/A $ 207,725 $ (20,693 ) $ 0 $ 2,697,509 Kathy N. Waller Deferred Compensation Plan $ 0 0 29,215 0 388,449 Supplemental 401(k) Plan N/A 58,956 (3,891 ) 0 289,796 James Quincey Deferred Compensation Plan N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Marcos de Quinto Deferred Compensation Plan N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Irial Finan Deferred Compensation Plan N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Supplemental 401(k) Plan N/A 78,927 (4,658 ) 0 81,246 Executive Contributions in Last
Fiscal Year (Column (b)) None of the Named Executive Officers contributed to a nonqualified
deferred compensation plan in 2016. Registrant Contributions in Last
Fiscal Year (Column (c)) All Company matching contributions shown are included in the “All
Other Compensation” column of the 2016 Summary Compensation Table. Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal
Year (Column (d)) The earnings reflected in column (d) represent deemed investment
earnings or losses from voluntary deferrals and Company contributions, as applicable. The Deferred Compensation Plan and the Supplemental
401(k) Plan do not guarantee a return on deferred amounts. For these plans, no amounts included in column (d) are reported in the
2016 Summary Compensation Table because the plans do not provide for above-market or preferential earnings. Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal
Year-End (Column (f)) The amounts reflected in column (f) for Ms. Waller and Messrs.
Kent and Finan, with the exception of amounts reflected in columns (b), (c) and (d), if any, have been reported in prior Company
proxy statements. PAYMENTS ON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL General Most of the Company’s plans and
programs contain specific provisions detailing how payments are treated upon termination or change in control. The specific
termination and change in control provisions under these plans, which are described below, apply to all participants in each
plan. The termination scenarios described in this section include voluntary separation, involuntary separation, disability
and death. For more information on the plans described below, see Summary of Plans in Annex B beginning on page 91 . 2017 Proxy Statement 69 Back to Contents Change in Control The change in control provisions in
the various Company plans were adopted to mitigate the concern that, in the event the Company is considering a change in
control transaction, the employees involved in considering the transaction might otherwise be motivated to act in their own
interests rather than the interests of the shareowners. Thus, the change in control provisions are designed so that employees
are neither harmed nor given a windfall in the event of a change in control. The Company’s plans generally provide that
a change in control may occur upon (i) greater than a 20% change in ownership of the Company, (ii) a change of the majority
of the Board within a two-year period or (iii) certain merger and consolidation transactions. As described below, Company
equity plans include “double-trigger” change in control provisions. The Company does not have individual change in control agreements
and no tax gross-up is provided for any taxes incurred as a result of a change in control payment. The Board can determine prior
to the potential change in control that no change in control will be deemed to have occurred. Severance Plan All of the Named Executive Officers are covered by a Company severance
pay plan (the “TCCC Severance Plan”). Termination, Death, Disability Generally, benefits are payable under the TCCC Severance Plan
when an employee is terminated involuntarily due to specific circumstances, such as an internal reorganization or position elimination.
The maximum cash severance benefit under this plan is two years of base pay, payable as a lump sum. For Mr. de Quinto, if terminated
involuntarily other than for cause, he is entitled to receive two times the amount of his base salary that exceeds $750,000 at
the time of separation. Change in Control There are no separate change in control provisions included in
the TCCC Severance Plan. Annual Incentive Plan All of the Named Executive Officers participated in the annual
Performance Incentive Plan in 2016. Termination, Death, Disability Generally, participants employed on December 31 are eligible to
receive a cash incentive for the year, regardless of whether employment continues through the payment date. If an employee retires,
dies or moves to an affiliate, he or she generally receives a prorated incentive based on actual Company performance and the portion
of the year actually worked. Change in Control Upon a change in control, participants receive the target amount
of the annual incentive after the end of the performance year. This amount is prorated if the participant leaves during the year. Deferred Compensation Plans All of the Named Executive Officers except Messrs. Quincey and
de Quinto were eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2016. No Named Executive Officer chose to participate
in 2016. Termination, Death, Disability Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, employees who
terminate employment after age 50 with five years of service receive payments based on elections made at the time they
elected to defer compensation. Other employees receive a lump sum at termination. Individuals who are designated as
“specified employees” under Section 409A of the Tax Code may not receive payments for at least six months
following termination of employment to the extent the amounts were deferred after January 1, 2005. There are no enhanced
benefits payable under the Deferred Compensation Plan upon a participant’s death or disability. 2017 Proxy Statement 70 Back to Contents Change in Control Upon a change in control, any Company discretionary contributions
to the Deferred Compensation Plan vest. No Named Executive Officers have received a Company discretionary contribution. Equity Plans All of the Named Executive Officers participated in the Company’s
equity plans in 2016. Termination The treatment of equity upon termination of employment depends
on the reason for the termination and the employee’s age and length of service at termination. The chart below details the
termination provisions of the various equity award types. Award Type Separation Prior to Meeting Age/Service
    Requirement 1 Separation After Meeting Age/Service
    Requirement 1 Stock Options Employees have six months to exercise vested options. Unvested options are forfeited. All options held at least 12 months vest. Employees have the full remaining term to exercise the
    options. Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units Shares are forfeited unless held until the time specified in the grant and performance measures,
    if any, are met. Shares are forfeited unless held until the time specified in the grant and performance measures,
    if any, are met. Some grants vest upon meeting age and service requirements. PSUs All PSUs are forfeited if separation occurs prior to satisfaction of performance measures and holding
    requirements. For grants held at least 12 months, the employee receives the same number of earned shares as active
    employees after the results are certified. 1 The age and service requirement is generally age 60 with at least ten years of service.
    In 2012, the Compensation Committee approved a special equity program for employees who are at least age 50 with at least
    ten years of service and are involuntarily terminated. This program provides (a) that outstanding stock options held at least
    12 months will not be forfeited and continue to vest according to the original vesting schedule and (b) outstanding PSUs held
    at least 12 months will not be forfeited and a prorated amount will be released after the results are certified. Executive
    officers are not eligible for this program without specific approval by the Compensation Committee. No Named Executive Officer
    has been made eligible for the program. Equity plans and award agreements were amended in February 2013 to apply these provisions
    to all grants beginning in 2013 for all eligible employees. Death If an employee dies, all options vest if
the options have been accepted. For options granted prior to 2007, the employee’s estate has 12 months from the date
of death to exercise the options. For options granted in and after 2007, the employee’s estate has five years from the date
of death to exercise the options. Restricted stock and restricted stock units vest and are released to the employee’s estate.
For PSUs, if death occurs during the performance period, the employee’s estate receives a cash payment equal to the value
of the target number of shares. For PSUs where performance has been certified, the employee’s estate receives a cash payment
based on the certified results. Disability If an employee terminates employment because of disability, all
options become nonforfeitable, and the employee has the full original term to exercise the options. Restricted stock and restricted
stock units vest and are released to the employee. For PSUs in the performance period, the employee receives shares equal to the
number of shares that the employee would have earned based on actual performance after the end of the performance period. For PSUs
where performance has been certified, earned shares are released within 90 days. Change in Control Beginning with awards in 2015, the treatment
of equity upon a change in control is governed by the 2014 Equity Plan. Awards granted prior to 2015 were governed by applicable
plans and agreements. The chart below details the double-trigger change in control provisions of the various equity award types
if awards are assumed by the successor company. If awards are not assumed by the successor company, accelerated vesting generally
occurs upon a change in control. 2017 Proxy Statement 71 Back to Contents Award
    Type Grants
    Prior to 2015 Grants
    Beginning in 2015 Stock Options Options vest if an employee is terminated within two years following the change in control. Options vest if an employee is terminated without cause within one year following the change in control. Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units Shares vest if an employee is terminated within two years following the change in control. Shares vest if an employee is terminated without cause within one year following the change in control. PSUs PSUs vest at the target level if an employee is terminated within two years following the change in control. PSUs vest if an employee is terminated without cause within two years following the change in control (i) at the target level if the change in control occurs during the first half of the performance period and (ii) based on actual performance if the change in control occurs during the second half of the performance period. In each case the final payout is prorated based on time worked in the performance period. Retirement and 401(k) Plans Ms. Waller and Messrs. Kent and Finan were participants in the
TCCC Pension Plan, the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan, the 401(k) Plan and the Supplemental 401(k) Plan in 2016. Messrs. Quincey
and de Quinto participated in the Mobile Plan in 2016. Mr. Quincey has a benefit under the Coca-Cola UK Stakeholder Pension
Plan (the “UK Savings Plan”), the TCCC Pension Plan and the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan related to a prior period
of employment. Mr. de Quinto has a benefit under a retirement plan in Spain (the “Spanish Savings Plan”) related to
a prior period of employment. Mr. Finan participated in the Mobile Plan until he was localized to the U.S. in 2015. Termination, Death, Disability No payments may be made under the TCCC Pension Plan or the TCCC
Supplemental Pension Plan until an employee has separated from service and met eligibility requirements. Generally, no payments
may be made under the 401(k) Plan, the Supplemental 401(k) Plan or the Mobile Plan until separation from service, except distributions
may be taken from the 401(k) Plan after age 59½ and distributions related to mandatory tax payments may be made under the
Mobile Plan, whether or not the employee has terminated employment. Individuals who are designated as “specified employees”
under Section 409A of the Tax Code, which include the U.S. based Named Executive Officers, may not receive payments from the TCCC
Supplemental Pension Plan, the Supplemental 401(k) Plan or the Mobile Plan for at least six months following termination of employment. There are no enhanced benefits payable under the TCCC Pension
Plan, the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan, the 401(k) Plan, the Supplemental 401(k) Plan, the Mobile Plan, the UK Savings Plan or
the Spanish Savings Plan upon a participant’s death or disability. Change in Control The TCCC Pension Plan and the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan contain
change in control provisions that affect all participants equally, including the participating Named Executive Officers. These
provisions provide an enhanced benefit to vested participants for benefits accrued under the defined benefit formula if certain
conditions are met, including that the employee must actually leave the Company within two years of a change in control. A change
in control has no effect on the cash balance portion of the TCCC Pension Plan and there are no additional credited years of service.
Upon a change in control under the TCCC Pension Plan and the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan, the earliest retirement age is reduced
resulting in an enhanced benefit for participants who have not reached the earliest retirement age. The 401(k) Plan, the Supplemental 401(k) Plan, the Mobile Plan,
the UK Savings Plan and the Spanish Savings Plan do not have special provisions for change in control. Quantification of Payments upon Termination or Change in Control The following table and footnotes describe the potential payments
to the Named Executive Officers upon termination of employment or a change in control of the Company as of December 31, 2016. The
table does not include: compensation or benefits previously earned by the Named Executive Officers or equity
awards that are fully vested; the value of pension
benefits that are disclosed in the 2016 Pension Benefits table beginning on page 68 , except for any pension enhancement triggered
by the event, if applicable; the amounts
payable under deferred compensation plans that are disclosed in the 2016 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan table on page 69 ; or the value of any benefits (such as retiree health coverage, life insurance
and disability coverage) provided on the same basis to substantially all other employees in the country in which the Named Executive
Officer works. 2017 Proxy Statement 72 Back to Contents Voluntary Separation (a) Involuntary Separation (b) Death (c) Disability (d) Change in Control (e) Mr. Kent Severance Payments $ 0 $ 3,200,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 Annual Incentive 1 0 0 0 0 3,200,000 Stock Options 2 6,908,629 6,908,629 6,908,629 6,908,629 6,908,629 PSUs and Restricted Stock Units 3 0 0 21,550,245 0 16,292,246 Pension Enhancement 0 0 0 0 0 TOTAL 6,908,629 10,108,629 28,458,874 6,908,629 26,400,875 Ms. Waller Severance Payments 0 1,509,722 0 0 0 Annual Incentive 1 0 0 0 0 943,576 Stock Options 2 0 601,625 601,625 601,625 601,625 PSUs and Restricted Stock Units 3 0 0 5,783,877 0 3,838,450 Pension Enhancement 0 0 0 0 0 TOTAL 0 2,111,347 6,385,502 601,625 5,383,651 Mr. Quincey Severance Payments 0 1,863,000 0 0 0 Annual Incentive 1 0 0 0 0 1,630,125 Stock Options 2 0 1,030,498 1,030,498 1,030,498 1,030,498 PSUs and Restricted Stock Units 3 0 0 9,923,410 3,019,863 6,978,962 Pension Enhancement 4 0 0 0 0 83,143 TOTAL 0 2,893,498 10,953,908 4,050,361 9,722,728 Mr. de Quinto Severance Payments 0 68,176 0 0 0 Annual Incentive 1 0 0 0 0 980,110 Stock Options 2 0 559,559 559,559 559,559 559,559 PSUs and Restricted Stock Units 3 0 0 5,884,584 0 3,695,952 Pension Enhancement 4 0 0 0 0 0 TOTAL 0 627,735 6,444,143 559,559 5,235,621 Mr. Finan Severance Payments 0 1,829,538 0 0 0 Annual Incentive 1 0 0 0 0 1,372,154 Stock Options 2 0 2,065,572 2,065,572 2,065,572 2,065,572 PSUs and Restricted Stock Units 3 0 0 8,445,278 0 6,254,448 Pension Enhancement 0 0 0 0 0 TOTAL 0 3,895,110 10,510,850 2,065,572 9,692,174 1 Except upon a change in control, no amounts are included
for the Performance Incentive Plan because the Named Executive Officers would be entitled to the same payment regardless of whether
the event occurred. Upon a change in control, the target annual incentive amount is guaranteed (subject to proration if the participant
leaves before the end of the year). 2 Represents the intrinsic value of the acceleration of
vesting of any stock options that vest upon the event. Intrinsic value is the difference between the exercise price of the stock
option and the closing price of Common Stock, which was $41.46 on December 30, 2016, the last trading day of the year. 3 No amounts are included for the 2014-2016, 2015-2017
and 2016-2018 PSU programs for Voluntary Separation, Involuntary Separation and Disability because the PSUs remain subject to
performance requirements even after the event. See page 55 for the status of these PSU programs. 4 For Mr. Quincey, represents the value of a more favorable
early retirement subsidy in the event of a change in control and subsequent termination. No other Named Executive Officer would
receive a pension enhancement upon a change in control. 2017 Proxy Statement 73 Back to Contents Voluntary Separation (Column (a)) Amounts are included under “Stock Options” for Mr.
Kent because he has satisfied the age and service requirement for acceleration of vesting of certain equity awards held for at
least 12 months. Ms. Waller and Messrs. Quincey, de Quinto and Finan have not satisfied the age and service requirement for
acceleration of any equity awards, and therefore, no additional payments would be triggered upon voluntary separation. Involuntary Termination (Column (b)) Amounts are included under “Stock Options” for Mr.
Kent because he has satisfied the age and service requirement for acceleration of vesting of certain equity awards held for at
least 12 months. Amounts are included under “Stock Options” for Ms. Waller and Messrs. Quincey, de Quinto and Finan
because involuntary termination triggers continued vesting of equity awards granted beginning in 2013 after the age and service
requirement has been met. Death (Column
(c)) Amounts are included under “Stock Options” and “PSUs
and Restricted Stock Units” because death triggers acceleration of vesting of certain equity awards. The amounts for “PSUs
and Restricted Stock Units” reflect (i) the value of the target number of shares granted under the 2014-2016, 2015-2017
and 2016-2018 PSU programs and (ii) for Mr. Quincey, the value of time-based restricted stock units. Disability (Column (d)) Amounts are included under “Stock Options” because
termination of employment caused by disability triggers acceleration of vesting or continued vesting of certain equity awards.
For Mr. Quincey, the amounts for “PSUs and Restricted Stock Units” reflect the value of time-based restricted stock
units. Change in Control (Column (e)) Amounts are included under “Stock Options” and “PSUs
and Restricted Stock Units” for all Named Executive Officers because a change in control triggers acceleration of vesting
of certain equity awards. Since equity awards have double-trigger change in control provisions, the table above assumes that both
a change in control and a subsequent termination of employment has occurred. The amounts for “PSUs and Restricted Stock
Units” reflect (i) the value of the target number of shares granted under the 2014-2016 and 2016-2018 PSU programs, but
with respect to the 2016-2018 PSUs, prorated for one year of the performance period, (ii) the value of the number of shares granted
under the 2015-2017 PSU program at the maximum award level, prorated for two years of the performance period and (iii) for Mr.
Quincey, the value of time-based restricted stock units. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION All numbers in the following table are as of December 31, 2016. Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 231,350,084 1 $ 33.65 2 451,189,076 3 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 0 N/A 0 TOTAL 231,350,084 451,189,076 1 Includes 219,443,585 shares issuable pursuant to outstanding
options under the 2014 Equity Plan, The Coca-Cola Company 1999 Stock Option Plan, The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan
and The Coca-Cola Company 2008 Stock Option Plan. The weighted-average exercise price of such options is $33.71. Also includes
11,238,469 full-value awards of shares outstanding under the 2014 Equity Plan, 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan and The Coca-Cola
Company 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan, including shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding PSUs, based on certified
financial results, where applicable, and otherwise assuming the target award is met. In connection with the acquisition (“CCE
Transaction”) of the former North America business of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (“CCE”), certain outstanding
awards relating to CCE common stock granted under shareowner-approved CCE equity incentive plans were replaced with awards relating
to the Company’s Common Stock. As a result, the table above includes 668,030 shares issuable pursuant to outstanding options
under the Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan which was assumed by the Company in connection with the CCE Transaction.
The weighted-average exercise price of such options is $15.50. 2 The weighted-average term of the outstanding options
is 5.11 years. 3 Includes 448,219,821 shares that may be issued pursuant
to future awards under the 2014 Equity Plan, including shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding PSUs, based on certified
financial results, where applicable, and otherwise assuming the target award is met. The 2014 Equity Plan uses a fungible share
pool under which each share issued pursuant to an option reduces the number of shares available by one share, and each share issued
pursuant to awards other than options reduces the number of shares available by five shares. See Long-Term Incentive Compensation
beginning on page 53 for more information, including the Equity Stewardship Guidelines, which include a burn rate commitment.
With this burn rate commitment, over the 2014 Equity Plan’s ten-year term, the maximum number of shares that may be used
is estimated not to exceed 200,000,000 (based on Common Stock outstanding decreasing by 1% each year). Also includes, 2,732,413
options which may be issued pursuant to future awards under The Coca-Cola Company 1999 Stock Option Plan and The Coca-Cola Company
2008 Stock Option Plan and 236,842 shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan,
including shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding PSUs, based on certified financial results, where applicable, and
otherwise assuming the target award is met. The maximum term of the options is ten years. 2017 Proxy Statement 74 Back to Contents Share units credited under the Supplemental 401(k) Plan and
the Directors’ Plan are not included in the table above since payouts under those plans are in cash. The Company or its applicable subsidiary provides a matching
contribution in Common Stock under various plans throughout the world. No shares are issued by the Company under any of these
plans, and therefore these plans are not included in the table above. Shares are purchased on the open market by a third-party
trustee. These plans are exempt from the shareowner approval requirements of the NYSE. These plans are as follows: 401(k) and
Savings Plans (U.S.). There are several 401(k) and savings plans in the U.S. that include a Company matching contribution
component, including the Company’s primary plan, the 401(k) Plan. Under the 401(k) Plan, the Company matches employee contributions
up to a maximum of 3.5% of an employee’s compensation, subject to limits imposed by the Tax Code. Employees vest in the
matching contributions over two years. Generally, employees may not withdraw the matching contributions until termination of employment.
The other 401(k) and savings plans that include a Common Stock matching contribution component match employee contributions up
to a maximum of between 3% to 6% of an employee’s compensation, subject to limits imposed by the Tax Code, include vesting
provisions of between two and three years and have similar withdrawal restrictions as the 401(k) Plan. The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Employee Share Savings Scheme
(UK). The company matches employee contributions to a maximum of £1,500 per year. The employee is vested in the matching
contributions once a month when matching shares of Common Stock are purchased. However, the matching shares of Common Stock may
not be withdrawn before a five-year holding period without adverse tax consequences. Employees’ Savings and Share Ownership Plan of Coca-Cola
Ltd. (Canada). After completing 12 months of employment and a specified minimum hours of service, the company matches 50%
of an employee’s contributions of 2% to 3.5% of eligible earnings, based on an employee’s date of employment. The
employee is immediately vested in the matching contributions. However, the matching contributions may not be withdrawn until termination
of employment. Employee Savings and Investment Plan of Coca-Cola Refreshments
Canada Company (Canada). After one year of employment, the company matches 50% of a full-time employee’s contributions
of 2% to 6% (union) or 2% to 7% (non-union) of eligible earnings, up to a maximum of 3% or 3.5%, as applicable. The employee is
immediately vested in the matching contributions. However, the matching contributions may not be withdrawn until termination of
employment. Employee Stockholding Program (Japan). The employee must
be employed for at least three years in order to participate, and the company matches contributions up to 1.8% of an employee’s
annual base salary. The employee is immediately vested in the matching contributions. However, the matching contributions may
not be withdrawn until the employee terminates from the company or the employee requests to terminate from the plan. Specific
regulations apply for cases when employees request to terminate from the plan. Share Savings Plan (Denmark). The company matches contributions
up to 3% of an employee’s salary. The employee is immediately vested in the matching contributions. However, the matching
contributions may not be withdrawn for ten years without tax liability. The Company also sponsors employee share purchase plans in several
jurisdictions outside the U.S. The Company does not grant or issue Common Stock pursuant to these plans, but does facilitate the
acquisition of Common Stock by employees in a cost-efficient manner. These plans are not equity compensation plans. 2017 Proxy Statement 75 Back to Contents ITEM 3 - ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF HOLDING THE ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION What am I voting on? Shareowners are being provided the opportunity
to vote on how often they believe we should hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation in the future. The frequency
options are to hold the advisory vote to approve executive compensation each year, every two years or every three years. Voting recommendation: For holding the advisory vote to approve executive compensation EACH YEAR . The Board believes that an annual advisory vote on executive
    compensation is the most appropriate policy for our shareowners and the Company at this time. In addition to the advisory vote to approve executive compensation,
we are also seeking a non-binding determination from our shareowners as to how often they believe the advisory vote to approve
executive compensation should be held in the future. When this advisory vote was last held in 2011, shareowners indicated a preference
to hold the advisory vote to approve executive compensation each year and the Board implemented this standard. The Board continues to believe that an annual advisory vote
to approve executive compensation is the most appropriate policy for our shareowners and the Company at this time. Although we
recognize the potential benefits of having less frequent advisory votes to approve executive compensation, we understand that
an annual advisory vote is currently the standard desired by many shareowners. Regardless of the frequency of the advisory vote to approve
executive compensation, the Compensation Committee will remain committed to considering feedback from shareowners as we continue
to refine and evaluate the Company’s compensation programs. While the Board recommends an annual advisory vote to approve
executive compensation, the voting options are to hold the advisory vote to approve executive compensation each year, every two
years or every three years. Shareowners may also abstain from voting on this proposal. The Board of Directors recommends a vote
for holding the advisory vote to approve executive compensation EACH YEAR . 2017 Proxy Statement 76 Back to Contents AUDIT MATTERS REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted
by the Board that outlines its responsibilities and the practices it follows. You can view the charter on the Company’s
website, www.coca-colacompany.com , by clicking on “Investors,” then “Corporate Governance,” then
“Board Committees & Charters.” The Audit Committee reviews and assesses the adequacy of its charter at least annually
and, when appropriate, recommends changes to the Board to reflect the evolving role of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is composed of non-employee Directors who
meet the independence and financial literacy requirements of the NYSE and additional, heightened independence criteria applicable
to members of the Audit Committee under SEC and NYSE rules. The Board has designated Ronald W. Allen and David B. Weinberg as
“Audit Committee financial experts” under the SEC rules. Primary Responsibilities and 2016 Actions The Audit Committee represents and assists the Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibility relating to the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting
process, the systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the internal audit function and the annual independent audit
of the Company’s financial statements. The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, the Independent Auditors’ qualifications and independence, the performance of the Company’s internal
audit function and the Independent Auditors, the Company’s ethical compliance programs, including the Company’s Codes
of Business Conduct, and the Company’s quality, safety, environmental assurance and information technology security programs.
The Audit Committee also generally oversees the Company’s overall enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program
and has direct oversight over financial reporting and control and several other risks, noted below, within the ERM framework.
In addition, the Audit Committee participates in educational sessions developed by management, at the request of the Audit Committee,
on areas of the Company’s operations, including some of the areas of risk it directly oversees. In 2016, the Audit Committee held 12 meetings. Meeting agendas
are established by the Audit Committee’s Chair and the Chief of Internal Audit. During 2016, among other things, the Audit
Committee: met with the senior members of the Company’s financial
management team at each regularly scheduled meeting; held separate private sessions, during its regularly scheduled
meetings, with each of the Company’s General Counsel, the Independent Auditors, and the Chief of Internal Audit, at which
candid discussions regarding financial management, legal, accounting, auditing and internal control issues took place; continued its long-standing practice of having independent
legal counsel, who regularly attends Audit Committee meetings; met with the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer to discuss
the effectiveness of the Company’s compliance program and regularly received status reports of compliance issues; received periodic updates on management’s process
to assess the adequacy of the Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting, the framework used to make
the assessment and management’s conclusions on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting; discussed with the Independent Auditors the Company’s
internal control assessment process, management’s assessment with respect thereto and the Independent Auditors’ evaluation
of the Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting; reviewed and discussed with management and the Independent
Auditors the Company’s earnings releases and quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K prior to filing with
the SEC; reviewed the Company’s internal audit plan and the
performance of the Company’s internal audit function; reviewed with senior members of the Company’s financial
management team, the Independent Auditors and the Chief of Internal Audit, the overall audit scope and plans, the results of internal
and external audits, evaluations by management and the Independent Auditors of the Company’s internal controls over financial
reporting and the quality of the Company’s financial reporting; reviewed with management, including the Chief of Internal
Audit and General Counsel, and the Independent Auditors, significant risks and exposures identified by management, the overall
adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s legal, regulatory and ethical compliance programs, including the Company’s
Codes of Business Conduct, and the Company’s quality, safety, environmental assurance and information technology security
programs; received regular updates from management and discussed
the Company’s productivity and reinvestment program; and 2017 Proxy Statement 77 Back to Contents participated, with representatives of management and of
the Independent Auditors, in educational sessions about topics requested by the Audit Committee, including (i) governance of the
Company’s information technology environment, including oversight of IT platforms and cybersecurity, (ii) overview of the
Company’s finance function, including corporate tax and treasury, (iii) quality and safety programs and related management
risk oversight, (iv) ethics and compliance governance and investigative processes and (v) the general organization and management
of the Company’s overall ERM program. Oversight of Independent Auditors The Audit Committee engaged Ernst & Young LLP as our Independent
Auditors for the year ended December 31, 2016. In its meetings with representatives of the Independent Auditors, the Audit Committee
asks them to address, and discusses their responses to, several questions that the Audit Committee believes are particularly relevant
to its oversight. These questions include: Are there any significant accounting judgments or estimates
made by management in preparing the financial statements that would have been made differently had the Independent Auditors prepared
and been responsible for the financial statements? Based on the Independent Auditors’ experience, and
their knowledge of the Company, do the Company’s financial statements fairly present to investors, with clarity and completeness,
the Company’s financial position and performance for the reporting period in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and SEC disclosure requirements? Based on the Independent Auditors’ experience, and
their knowledge of the Company, has the Company implemented internal controls and internal audit procedures that are appropriate
for the Company? The Audit Committee believes that using these questions to help
focus its discussions with the Independent Auditors promotes a more meaningful dialogue that provides a basis for its oversight
judgment. The Audit Committee also discussed with the Independent Auditors
those matters required to be discussed by the auditors with the Audit Committee under the rules adopted by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”). The Audit Committee received the written disclosures and the letter from
the Independent Auditors required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the Independent Auditors’ communication
with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the Independent Auditors their independence. The Audit
Committee considered with the Independent Auditors whether the provision of non-audit services provided by them to the Company
during 2016 was compatible with their independence. 2016 Audited Financial Statements In its oversight role, the Audit Committee relies on the work
and assurances of the Company’s management, which has the responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting and for preparing the financial statements and other reports, and of the Independent Auditors,
who are engaged to audit and report on the consolidated financial statements of the Company and subsidiaries and the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management
and the Independent Auditors the audited financial statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2016, including a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles,
the reasonableness of significant accounting judgments and estimates, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements.
In addressing the quality of management’s accounting judgments, members of the Audit Committee asked for management’s
representations and reviewed certifications prepared by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
that the unaudited quarterly and audited consolidated financial statements of the Company fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company, and have expressed to both management and the auditors
their general preference for conservative policies when a range of accounting options is available. In reliance on these reviews and discussions, and the reports
of the Independent Auditors, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has approved, that the
audited financial statements be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2016, for filing with the SEC. Ronald W. Allen, Chair Marc Bolland Richard M. Daley David B. Weinberg 2017 Proxy Statement 78 Back to Contents ITEM 4 - RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG
LLP AS INDEPENDENT AUDITORS What am I voting on? Shareowners are being asked to ratify the
appointment of Ernst & Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, to serve as the Company’s Independent Auditors
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017. Although the Audit Committee has the sole authority to appoint the Independent Auditors,
as a matter of good corporate governance, the Board submits its selection of the Independent Auditors to our shareowners for ratification.
If the shareowners should not ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP, the Audit Committee will reconsider the appointment. Voting recommendation: FOR the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors. The Audit Committee has the sole authority and responsibility
to hire, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace the Company’s Independent Auditors and, in its capacity as a committee
of the Board, is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and general oversight of the work of the Independent Auditors. The Audit Committee has appointed Ernst & Young LLP (“EY”)
to serve as Independent Auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017. EY (including its predecessors) has served as the
Company’s Independent Auditors since 1921. Annual Evaluation and Selection of Independent Auditors The Audit Committee annually evaluates the performance of the
Company’s Independent Auditors, including the senior audit engagement team, and determines whether to reengage the current
Independent Auditors or consider other audit firms. Factors considered by the Audit Committee in deciding whether to retain include: EY’s global capabilities; EY’s technical expertise and knowledge of the Company’s
global operations and industry; the quality and candor of EY’s communications with
the Audit Committee and management; EY’s independence; the quality and efficiency of the services provided by
EY, including input from management on EY’s performance and how effectively EY demonstrated its independent judgment, objectivity
and professional skepticism; external data on audit quality and performance, including recent PCAOB reports on EY and its
peer firms; and the appropriateness of EY’s fees, EY’s tenure
as Independent Auditors, including the benefits of a longer tenure, and the controls and processes in place that help ensure EY’s
continued independence. Benefits
    of Longer Tenure Independence
    Controls Enhanced audit quality – EY’s significant institutional knowledge and deep expertise of the Company’s global business,
        accounting policies and practices and internal control over financial reporting enhance audit quality. Competitive fees – Because
        of EY’s familiarity with the Company, audit and other fees are competitive with peer companies. Avoid costs associated with new auditor – Bringing on new Independent Auditors would be costly and require a significant time commitment which could lead to management distractions. Audit         Committee oversight – Oversight includes regular private sessions
        with EY, discussion         with EY about the scope of audit and business imperatives, a comprehensive annual evaluation when
        determining whether to reengage         EY, and direct involvement by the Audit Committee and its chair in the selection of
        the new lead assurance engagement partner and         new global coordinating partner in connection with the mandated
        rotation of these positions. Limits         on non-audit services – The Audit Committee pre-approves audit and
        permissible non-audit         services provided by EY in accordance with its pre-approval policy. EY’s         internal independence process – EY conducts periodic internal
        reviews of its audit and         other work, assesses the adequacy of partners and other personnel working on the
        Company’s account and rotates the lead assurance         engagement partner, the global coordinating partner, and other
        partners on the engagement consistent with independence requirements.         A new lead assurance engagement partner was
        designated in 2011 and a new global coordinating partner was designated in 2014. Strong regulatory
        framework – EY, as an independent registered public accounting firm, is subject to PCAOB inspections, “Big 4”
        peer reviews and PCAOB and SEC oversight. 2017 Proxy Statement 79 Back to Contents Based on this evaluation, the Audit Committee and the Board
believe that retaining EY to serve as Independent Auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 is in the best interests
of the Company and its shareowners. Audit Fees and All Other Fees The Audit Committee is responsible for approving the audit and
permissible non-audit services provided by the Independent Auditors and the associated fees. The following table shows the fees for audit and other services
provided by EY for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 2016 Fees (In thousands) 2015 Fees (In thousands) Description Audit Fees $ 28,400 $ 29,337 Includes fees associated with the annual audit and the audit of internal control over financial reports, registration statements in 2016 and 2015, the reviews of the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and statutory audits required internationally. Audit-Related Fees 4,677 7,797 Fees for services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements and are not included in “Audit Fees.” These services principally include due diligence in connection with acquisitions, consultation on accounting and internal control matters, employee benefit plan audits, information systems audits and other attest services. Tax Fees 4,519 5,725 Fees for tax services, including tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees 385 550 Fees for services that are not included in the above categories and primarily include data analytics and capability framework services. TOTAL $ 37,981 $ 43,409 Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Auditors The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the Independent Auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. The Audit Committee has adopted a policy for the pre-approval of services provided by the Independent Auditors. Under the policy, pre-approval is generally provided for work
associated with the following: registration statements under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (for example, comfort letters or consents); statutory or other financial audit work for non-U.S. subsidiaries
that is not required for the 1934 Act audits; due diligence work for potential acquisitions or dispositions; attest services not required by statute or regulation; adoption of new accounting pronouncements or auditing and
disclosure requirements for financial or non-financial data and accounting or regulatory consultations; internal control reviews and assistance with internal control
reporting requirements; review of information systems security and controls; tax compliance, tax planning and related tax services,
excluding any tax service prohibited by regulatory or other oversight authorities, expatriate and other individual tax services;
and assistance and consultation on questions raised by regulatory
agencies. For each proposed service, the Independent Auditors are required
to provide detailed supporting documentation at the time of approval to permit the Audit Committee to make a determination whether
the provision of such service would impair the Independent Auditors’ independence. The Audit Committee has approved in advance certain permitted
services whose scope is routine across business units, including statutory or other financial audit work for non-U.S. subsidiaries
that is not required for the 1934 Act audits. Other Information The Company has been advised by EY that neither the firm, nor
any covered person of the firm, has any financial interest, direct or indirect, in any capacity in the Company or its subsidiaries. One or more representatives of EY will be present at this year’s
Annual Meeting of Shareowners. The representatives will have an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will
be available to respond to appropriate questions. Ratification of the appointment of the Independent Auditors
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or
by proxy at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification
of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors. 2017 Proxy Statement 80 Back to Contents SHAREOWNER PROPOSAL What am I voting on? The following proposal was submitted by
a shareowner. If the shareowner proponent, or a representative who is qualified under state law, is present and submits such proposal
for a vote, then the proposal will be voted on at the Annual Meeting. Approval of the following proposal requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting.
In accordance with federal securities regulations, we include the shareowner proposal plus any supporting statements exactly as
submitted by the proponent. To make sure readers can easily distinguish between material provided by the proponent and material
provided by the Company, we have put a box around material provided by the proponent. Voting recommendation: AGAINST the shareowner proposal. ITEM 5 - SHAREOWNER PROPOSAL REGARDING A HUMAN RIGHTS
REVIEW The National Center for Public Policy Research, 20 F Street,
NW, Suite 700, Washington, D.C. 20001, owner of 90 shares of Common Stock, submitted the following proposal: Human Rights Review – High-Risk Regions Whereas, the Securities and Exchange Commission has consistently
recognized that human rights constitute a significant policy issue. Company operations in high-risk regions with poor human rights
records risk damage to Coca-Cola’s reputation and shareholder value. Coca-Cola has a presence in areas such as Qatar, Nigeria
and the United Arab Emirates – all nations that have questionable human rights records as it relates to women’s rights
and gay rights. The company’s operations in high-risk regions may worsen
certain human rights abuses in those areas. Resolved: The proponent requests the board of directors
review the company’s guidelines for selecting countries / regions for its operations and issue a report, at reasonable expense
excluding any proprietary information, to shareholders by December 2017. The report should identify Coca-Cola’s criteria
for investing in, operating in and withdrawing from high-risk regions. Supporting Statement: If the company chooses, the review
may consider developing guidelines on investing or withdrawing from areas where the government has engaged in systematic human
rights violations. In its review and report, the company might also consider a
congruency analysis between its stated corporate values and company operations in certain regions, which raises an issue of misalignment
with those corporate values, and stating the justification for such exceptions. For example, the company is a member of Georgia Prospers, a
business group that worked to defeat a religious freedom bill in Georgia. In a statement aimed at such religious freedom efforts,
the company wrote, “[a]s a business, it is appropriate for us to help foster diversity, unity and respect among all people.
We advocate for inclusion, equality and diversity through both our policies and practices. Coca-Cola does not condone intolerance
or discrimination of any kind anywhere in the world.” Yet, the Company maintains operations in high-risk regions where homosexual
acts are criminalized. The proponent believes that Coca-Cola’s record to date
demonstrates a gap between its statements and its actions. The requested report would play a role in illuminating and addressing
the factors accounting for this gap. 2017 Proxy Statement 81 Back to Contents Statement Against Shareowner Proposal Regarding a Human Rights
Review Your Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal because the review being requested is unnecessary. Shareowners can be assured that this Company is committed to
respecting human rights and that we apply that commitment consistently around the world. Our Company respects international human
rights principles aimed at promoting and protecting human rights. These include the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the United
Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The Company’s acknowledgement of these principles is consistent
with our dedication to enriching the workplace, preserving the environment, strengthening the communities where we operate and
engaging with stakeholders to pursue progress toward these goals. We encourage you to view the Company’s policies related
to Human Rights by visiting our website, www.coca-colacompany.com/human-and-workplace-rights. Like the proponent, the Board agrees that all of our actions
wherever we operate should be aligned with our Company’s values and vision for success. And the Board strongly believes
they are. The Board also recognizes that not every shareowner agrees with
every decision the Company makes, nor with every organization the Company is involved with. Clearly, the proponent does not agree
with the Company’s involvement with Georgia Prospers. In 2015, the Company joined more than 500 other businesses in supporting
Georgia Prospers’ Business Coalition Pledge, which is a partnership of businesses in the Company’s home State of Georgia
committed to a prosperous Georgia that welcomes all people. While we respect the proponent’s right to disagree with
us on any matter, the implication in this proposal that the Company is inconsistent in its commitment and application of human
rights is simply not true. Further, we believe the attempt to connect our engagement with Georgia Prospers with a need for a human
rights review of “high-risk regions” is spurious. For all of the above reasons, the Board believes the review
requested in the proposal is unnecessary. The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the shareowner proposal regarding a human rights review. 2017 Proxy Statement 82 Back to Contents ANNEX A - QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING INFORMATION 1. What is included in the proxy materials? What is a Proxy Statement and what
    is a proxy? The proxy materials for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners
include the Notice of Annual Meeting, this Proxy Statement and our Form 10-K. If you received a paper copy of these materials,
the proxy materials also include a proxy card or voting instruction form. A proxy statement is a document that SEC regulations require
us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy designating individuals to vote on your behalf. A proxy is your legal designation
of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document,
that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. We have designated three of our officers as proxies for the 2017 Annual Meeting.
These three officers are James Quincey, Kathy N. Waller and Bernhard Goepelt. The form of proxy and this Proxy Statement have been approved
by the Board of Directors and are being provided to shareowners by its authority. 2. What is the difference between holding shares as a shareowner of record and as a beneficial owner? If your shares are registered directly in your name with the
Company’s registrar and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (“Computershare”), you are considered
a shareowner of record with respect to those shares. If your shares are held in a bank or brokerage account, you are considered
the “beneficial owner” of those shares. 3. What shares are included on the proxy card? If you are a shareowner of record, you will receive only one
notice or proxy card for all the shares of Common Stock you hold in certificate form, in book-entry form and in any Company benefit
plan. If you are a Company employee and hold shares of Common Stock
in one of our 401(k) or other savings plans, it is important that you direct the plan’s administrator how to vote your shares.
If you hold shares of Common Stock in The Coca-Cola Company 401(k) Plan, any other U.S. 401(k) or savings plan administered by
Mercer Trust Company, the Caribbean Refrescos, Inc. Thrift Plan, or a Canadian savings plan and do not vote your shares or specify
your voting instructions on your proxy card, the administrator of the applicable plan will vote your shares in the same proportion
as the shares for which they have received voting instructions. To allow sufficient time for voting by the administrators,
your voting instructions must be received by April 21, 2017. If you are a beneficial owner, you will receive voting instruction
information from the bank, broker or other nominee through which you own your shares of Common Stock. 2017 Proxy Statement 83 Back to Contents 4. What are my voting choices for each of the proposals to be voted on at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners and what are the voting standards? Proposal Voting Choices and Board Recommendation Voting Standard Item 1: Election of Directors vote in favor of all nominees; Majority of votes cast vote in favor of specific nominees; vote against all nominees; vote against specific nominees; abstain from voting with respect to all nominees; or abstain from voting with respect to specific nominees. The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the Director nominees. Item 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation vote in favor of the advisory proposal; Majority of votes cast vote against the advisory proposal; or abstain from voting on the advisory proposal. The Board recommends a vote FOR the advisory vote to approve executive
    compensation. Item 3: Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Holding the Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation vote to hold the advisory vote each year; Majority of votes cast vote to hold the advisory vote every two years; vote to hold the advisory vote every three years; or abstain from voting on the advisory proposal. The Board recommends a vote for holding the advisory vote to approve executive compensation EACH YEAR . Item 4: Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors vote in favor of the ratification; Majority of votes cast vote against the ratification; or abstain from voting on the ratification. The Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification. Item 5: Shareowner Proposal Regarding a Human Rights
        Review vote in favor of the shareowner proposal; Majority of votes cast vote against the shareowner proposal; or abstain from voting on the shareowner proposal. The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the shareowner proposal. As advisory votes, the proposals to approve executive compensation
and the frequency of the advisory vote to approve executive compensation are not binding upon the Company. With respect to the
advisory vote to approve executive compensation, the Compensation Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when making future
compensation decisions. With respect to the frequency of the advisory vote to approve executive compensation, the Board will consider
the outcome of the vote when determining how often to hold the advisory vote to approve executive compensation. 5. What different methods can I use to vote? See page 6 for additional information about how to vote. By Telephone or Internet. All shareowners of record can
vote through the Internet, using the procedures and instructions described on the notice or proxy card, or by touchtone telephone
within the U.S., U.S. territories and Canada, using the toll-free telephone number on the notice or proxy card. Beneficial owners
may vote through the Internet or by telephone if their bank, broker or other nominee makes those methods available, in which case
the bank, broker or other nominee will include the instructions with the proxy materials. The Internet and telephone voting procedures
are designed to authenticate shareowners’ identities, to allow shareowners to vote their shares and to confirm that their
instructions have been recorded properly. By Written Proxy. All shareowners of record can vote by
written proxy card. If you are a shareowner of record and receive a notice regarding the availability of proxy materials, you may
request a written proxy card by following the instructions included in the notice. If you are a beneficial owner, you may request
a written proxy card or a voting instruction form from your bank, broker or other nominee. In Person. All shareowners of record may vote in person
at the meeting. Beneficial owners may also vote in person at the meeting if they have a legal proxy, as described in the response
to question 8 . 2017 Proxy Statement 84 Back to Contents 6. What if I am a shareowner of record and do not specify a choice for a matter when returning a proxy? Shareowners should specify their choice for each matter on the
proxy card. If no specific instructions are given on all matters, proxies which are signed and returned will be voted: FOR the election of all Director nominees as set forth in this Proxy Statement; FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation; For holding the advisory vote to approve executive compensation EACH YEAR; FOR the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors; and AGAINST the shareowner proposal regarding a human rights review. 7. What if I am a beneficial owner and do not give voting instructions to my broker? As a beneficial owner, in order to ensure your shares are voted
in the way you would like, you must provide voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee by the deadline provided
in the materials you receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. If you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker
or other nominee, whether your shares can be voted by such person depends on the type of item being considered for vote. Non-Discretionary Items. The election of Directors, the
advisory vote to approve executive compensation, the advisory vote on the frequency of holding the advisory vote to approve executive
compensation and the shareowner proposal are non-discretionary items and may not be voted on by brokers, banks or other nominees
who have not received specific voting instructions from beneficial owners. Discretionary Items. The ratification of the appointment
of Ernst & Young LLP as Independent Auditors is a discretionary item. Generally, banks, brokers and other nominees that do
not receive voting instructions from beneficial owners may vote on this proposal in their discretion. 8. How can I vote at the 2017 Annual Meeting if I am a beneficial owner? If you are a beneficial owner and want to vote your shares at
the 2017 Annual Meeting, you will need to ask your bank, broker or other nominee to furnish you with a legal proxy. You will need
to follow the procedures described in the response to question 21 and then bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting and hand
it in with a signed ballot that will be provided to you at the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting
without a legal proxy. If you do not have a legal proxy, you can still attend the meeting by following the procedures described
in the response to question 21 . However, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting. Accordingly, we encourage you
to vote your shares in advance, even if you intend to attend the meeting. Please note that if you request a legal proxy, any previously
executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person or legally
appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf. 9. How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted? Abstentions and broker non-votes are included in determining
whether a quorum is present, but will not be included in vote totals and will not affect the outcome of the vote. 10. What can I do if I change my mind after I vote my shares? Shareowners can revoke a proxy prior to the completion of voting
at the meeting by: giving written notice to the Office of the Secretary of the Company; delivering a later-dated proxy; or voting in person at the meeting (if you are a beneficial owner, see the response to question 8 ). 11. Can I access the proxy materials on the Internet? How can I sign up for the electronic proxy delivery service? The Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and the Form 10-K
are available at www.edocumentview.com/coca-cola . In addition, shareowners are able to access these documents on the 2017
Annual Meeting page of the Company’s website at www.coca-colacompany. com/investors/annual-meeting-of-shareowners .
Instead of receiving future copies of our Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and the Form 10-K by mail, shareowners of record
and most beneficial owners can elect to receive an e-mail that will provide electronic links to these documents. Opting to receive
your proxy materials online will save us the cost of producing and mailing documents, and also will give you an electronic link
to the proxy voting site. 2017 Proxy Statement 85 Back to Contents Electronic
    Shareowner Document Delivery Electronic delivery offered since 2005. The Company has a tree planted on behalf of each shareowner that signs up. Over 375,000 trees planted on behalf of Company shareowners. Shareowners of Record. If you vote on the Internet, simply
follow the prompts for enrolling in the electronic shareowner document delivery service. You also may enroll in this service at
any time in the future by going directly to www.computershare.com/coca-cola and following the instructions. As a thank you
to each shareowner enrolling in electronic delivery, the Company will have a tree planted on the shareowner’s behalf at no
cost to the shareowner. Beneficial Owners. If you hold your shares in a bank or
brokerage account, you also may have the opportunity to receive copies of these documents electronically. Please check the information
in the proxy materials provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee regarding the availability of this service. 12. Are votes confidential? Who counts the votes? We will continue our long-standing practice of holding the votes
of all shareowners in confidence from Directors, officers and employees except: as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements and to assert or defend claims for or against the Company; in the case of a contested proxy solicitation; if a shareowner makes a written comment on the proxy card or otherwise communicates his or her vote to management; or to allow the independent inspectors of election to certify the results of the vote. We also will continue, as we have for many years, to retain an
independent tabulator to receive and tabulate the proxies and independent inspectors of election to certify the results. 13. When will the Company announce the voting results? We will announce the preliminary voting results at the 2017 Annual
Meeting. The Company will report the final results on our website and in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 14. Does the Company have a policy about Directors’ attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners? The Company does not have a policy about Directors’ attendance
at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners, but Directors are encouraged to attend. All Directors at the time and Director nominees,
except for one, attended the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. 15. How are proxies solicited and what is the cost? We bear all expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation
of proxies. We have engaged Alliance Advisers LLC to assist with the solicitation of proxies for an estimated fee of $30,000 plus
expenses. We will reimburse brokers, fiduciaries and custodians for their costs in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners
of Common Stock. Our Directors, officers and employees also may solicit proxies
by mail, telephone and personal contact. They will not receive any additional compensation for these activities. 16. What is householding? As permitted by the 1934 Act, only one copy of this Proxy Statement
is being delivered to shareowners residing at the same address, unless the shareowners have notified the Company of their desire
to receive multiple copies of the Proxy Statement. This is known as “householding”. The Company will promptly deliver, upon oral or written
request, a separate copy of the Proxy Statement to any shareowner residing at an address to which only one copy was mailed.
Requests for additional copies should be directed to the Office of the Secretary as described in the response to question 29 .
Shareowners of record residing at the same address and currently receiving multiple copies of the Proxy Statement may contact
our registrar and transfer agent, Computershare, to request that only a single copy of the Proxy Statement be mailed in the
future. Contact Computershare by phone at (888) 265-3747 or by mail at
250 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021. Beneficial owners, as described in the response to question 8 ,
should contact their bank, broker or other nominee. 2017 Proxy Statement 86 Back to Contents 17. What information from this Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into certain Company SEC filings? The Company has made previous filings under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the 1934 Act that incorporate future filings, including this Proxy Statement, in whole or in part. However,
the Report of the Compensation Committee and the Report of the Audit Committee shall not be incorporated by reference into any
such filings. 18. Will you make a list of shareowners entitled to vote at the 2017 Annual Meeting available? We will make available a list of shareowners of record as of
the record date for inspection by shareowners for any purpose germane to the meeting during normal business hours from April 12
through April 25, 2017 at One Coca-Cola Plaza, Atlanta, Georgia 30313. This list also will be available to shareowners for any
such purpose at the meeting. MEETING INFORMATION 19. What is new for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners? Do I have to register for the 2017 Annual Meeting to attend in person? The 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners
will be held at World of Coca-Cola in Atlanta, Georgia. The meeting starts at 8:30 a.m., local time, on April 26, 2017. If you
plan to attend the meeting in person, you must be a shareowner as of February 27, 2017, the record date. In addition,
because space at World of Coca-Cola is limited, you must register in advance to attend the meeting in person. In order to
expedite your admission process, you must register for admission before 11:59 p.m. on Monday, April 24, 2017. See question 21 for details on how to register in advance. 20. Will shareowners be provided free admission to World of Coca-Cola on the day of the 2017 Annual Meeting? We are pleased to offer free admission for shareowners to World
of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017 after the 2017 Annual Meeting. Each shareowner may bring one guest. You do not have to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting to gain
free admission to World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017. See question 26 for instructions on how to gain free admission. 21. How do I attend the 2017 Annual Meeting in person? The 2017 Annual Meeting will be held at World of Coca-Cola in
Atlanta, Georgia on April 26, 2017 at 8.30 a.m., local time. All attendees will need to register in advance and bring a valid
photo ID to gain admission to the Annual Meeting . Please note that cameras, sound or video recording equipment, cellular telephones,
smartphones or other similar equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will not be allowed in the meeting
room. You will be required to enter through a security checkpoint before being granted access to the venue. Attendance at the meeting is limited to shareowners as of the
record date, February 27, 2017, or their authorized named representatives (see question 23 for instructions on how to appoint an
authorized named representative). Please note that seating is limited and registration will be accepted on a first-come, first-served
basis. If you are a shareowner of record you may register to attend
the meeting by accessing www.investorvote.com/coca-cola . On this site, shareowners of record will find instructions to register
and print out the admission ticket. If you do not have access to the Internet, you may register by contacting Shareowner Services
at (404) 676-2777. You will need the 15 digit control number included on your proxy card or notice to register. If you are a beneficial shareowner and hold your shares through
a bank, broker or other nominee, you may register to attend the meeting by accessing www.ProxyVote.com/register . On this
site beneficial shareowners will find instructions to register and print out the admission ticket. If you do not have access to
the Internet, you may register by contacting Shareowner Services at (404) 676-2777. You will need the 16 digit number included
on your voter instruction 2017 Proxy Statement 87 Back to Contents form or notice to register. Please note that you will not be
able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy (see question 8 for details on voting with a legal proxy). At the entrance to the meeting, we will verify your registration
and request to see your admission ticket and a valid form of photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport. Ensuring the meeting is safe and productive is our top priority.
As such, failure to follow these admission procedures may result in being denied admission or being directed to view the meeting
in an overflow room. Because seating in the meeting room is limited, and in order to be able to address security concerns, we reserve
the right to direct attendees to listen to the meeting in an overflow room. In addition, failure to follow the meeting procedures
may result in ejection from the meeting, being directed to listen to the meeting in an overflow room and/or being denied admission
to this and future meetings. If you have questions regarding admission to the Annual Meeting,
please call Shareowner Services at (404) 676-2777. 22. If I cannot attend the 2017 Annual Meeting in person, how can I listen on the Internet? To listen to the live audiocast of the meeting, you can visit
the 2017 Annual Meeting page of our website, www.coca-colacompany.com/ investors/annual-meeting-of-shareowners . An archived
copy of the audiocast will be available until June 2017. 23. If I cannot attend in person, how can I appoint a legal representative to attend on my behalf? If you are a shareowner as of the record date and intend to appoint
an authorized named representative to attend the meeting on your behalf, you must send a written request for an admission ticket
by regular mail to The Coca-Cola Company, Shareowner Services, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301, by e-mail to shareownerservices@coca-cola.com or by fax to (404) 676-8409. Requests for authorized named representatives to attend the meeting must be received
no later than April 21, 2017. Please include the following information when submitting your
request: 1. your name, complete mailing address and e-mail address; 2. proof that you own shares of the Company as of February 27, 2017 (such as a copy of the portion of your voting instruction form showing your name and address, a bank or brokerage account statement or a letter from the bank, broker or other nominee holding your shares); and 3. a signed authorization appointing such individual to be your authorized named representative at the meeting, which includes the name, address, telephone number and e-mail address of the authorized named representative. Upon receipt of proper documentation, you and your named representative
will receive confirmation that your named representative has been authorized. To gain admission to the meeting, the photo ID presented
must match the documentation provided in item three above. We reserve the right to limit the number of representatives who may
attend the meeting. 24. What information is included on the 2017 Annual Meeting page of the Company’s website? The 2017 Annual Meeting page of our website allows our shareowners
to (i) easily access the Company’s proxy materials, (ii) vote through the Internet, (iii) submit questions in advance of
the 2017 Annual Meeting, (iv) register to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting, (v) access the
live audiocast of the meeting, (vi) learn more about free admission to World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017 and (vi) learn more
about our Company. To submit a question in advance of the 2017 Annual Meeting, you
must have your control number available, which can be found on your notice, proxy card or voting instruction form. Shareowners
may access the 2017 Annual Meeting page of our website at www.coca-colacompany.com/ investors/annual-meeting-of-shareowners . 25. Could any additional proposals be raised at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners? Management does not know of any items, other than those referred
to in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareowners, which may properly come before the meeting or other matters incident
to the conduct of the meeting. As to any other item or proposal that may properly come before the meeting, including voting on
a proposal omitted from this Proxy Statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC, it is intended that proxies will be voted in accordance
with the discretion of the proxy holders. See the response to question 30 for how to submit a proposal for action at the 2018 Annual
Meeting of Shareowners. 2017 Proxy Statement 88 Back to Contents 26. What does a shareowner have to do to gain free admission to World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017? We are pleased to provide shareowners (and one guest per shareowner)
with free admission to join us at World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017 after the 2017 Annual Meeting. If you own shares jointly,
each joint owner may bring a guest. You may go to World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2017 even if you do not attend the 2017 Annual
Meeting. At World of Coca-Cola, shareowners will have a chance to experience
the fascinating story of the world’s best-known beverage brand in a dynamic, multimedia attraction, spend time with the Coca-Cola
Polar Bear, visit the vault holding the legendary formula for Coca-Cola, treat their taste buds to a trip around the world with
more than 100 different beverages, get a behind-the-scenes look at the Coca-Cola bottling process and learn more about our Company. To gain free admission to World of Coca-Cola on April 26,
2017, shareowners must bring a valid photo ID and proof of stock ownership. Proof of ownership may include your proxy card,
voting instruction form, meeting notice or brokerage statement. Please note, you will be required to enter through a security
checkpoint before being granted access to World of Coca-Cola. Due to limited availability, only shareowners and their guests
are eligible to obtain free admission to attend World of Coca-Cola on April 26, 2016. Authorized legal representatives will not
receive free admission. If you have questions regarding admission to World of Coca-Cola,
please call (404) 676-5151 or 1-800-676-COKE (2653). COMPANY DOCUMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, SHAREOWNER
PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINEES 27. How can I view or request copies of the Company’s corporate documents and SEC filings, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K? The Company’s website contains
the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board Committee Charters, Codes
of Business Conduct and the Company’s SEC filings. To view these documents, go to www.coca-colacompany.com ,
click on “Investors” and click on “Corporate Governance.” To view the Company’s SEC filings,
including Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by the Company’s Directors and executive officers, go to www.coca-colacompany.com ,
click on “Investors” and click on “SEC Filings.” We will promptly deliver free of charge, upon
request, a copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board Committee Charters or Codes of Business Conduct to any
shareowner requesting a copy. Requests should be directed to the Office of the Secretary as described in the response to question 28 . The 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K includes our financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2016. We have furnished the Form 10-K to all shareowners. The Form 10-K does not form any part
of the material for the solicitation of proxies. We will promptly deliver free of charge, upon request, a copy of the Form 10-K
to any shareowner requesting a copy. Requests should be directed to the Company’s Consumer Interaction Center, The Coca-Cola
Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301. 28. How can I communicate with the Company’s Directors? The Board has established a process to facilitate communication
by shareowners and other interested parties with Directors. Communications can be addressed to Directors in care of the Office
of the Secretary, The Coca-Cola Company, P. O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301 or by e-mail to asktheboard@coca-cola.com . 2017 Proxy Statement 89 Back to Contents Communications may be distributed to all Directors, or to any
individual Director, as appropriate. At the direction of the Board, all mail received may be opened and screened for security purposes.
In addition, items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board shall not be distributed. Such items include,
but are not limited to: spam; junk mail and mass mailings; product complaints or inquiries; new product suggestions; resumes and other forms of job inquiries; surveys; and business solicitations or advertisements. In addition, material that is trivial, obscene, unduly hostile,
threatening or illegal or similarly unsuitable items will be excluded; however, any communication that is excluded will be made
available to any independent, non-employee Director upon request. To answer the many questions we receive about our Company and
our products, we offer detailed information about common areas of interest on our “Contact Us” page of our website, www.coca-colacompany.com/contact-us . 29. What is the contact information for the Office of the Secretary? Materials may be sent to the Office of the Secretary (i) by mail
to the Office of the Secretary, The Coca-Cola Company, P.O. Box 1734, Atlanta, Georgia 30301, (ii) by e-mail to shareownerservices@coca-cola.com or (iii) by fax to (404) 676-8409. 30. What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners? Shareowners may present proper proposals for inclusion in our
Proxy Statement and for consideration at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners by submitting their proposals in writing to the
Company in a timely manner. Proposals should be addressed to the Office of the Secretary as specified in question 29 . For a shareowner
proposal other than a Director nomination to be considered for inclusion in our Proxy Statement for our 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareowners, we must receive the written proposal on or before November 9, 2017. In addition, shareowner proposals must otherwise
comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the 1934 Act. Under certain circumstances, shareowners may also submit nominations
for Directors for inclusion in our proxy materials by complying with the requirements in our By-Laws. For more information regarding
proxy access, please see question 31 . Our By-Laws also establish an advance notice procedure for shareowners
who wish to present a proposal, including the nomination of Directors, before an annual meeting of shareowners, but do not intend
for the proposal to be included in our proxy materials. Pursuant to our By-Laws, in order for business to be properly brought before
an annual meeting by a shareowner, the shareowner must have complied with the notice procedures specified in our By-Laws and such
business must be a proper matter for shareowner action under Delaware General Corporation Law. To be timely for our 2018 Annual
Meeting of Shareowners, we must receive the written notice on or before December 27, 2017. Such notice should be addressed to the
Office of the Secretary as specified in question 29 . In addition, the shareowner proponent, or a representative who
is qualified under state law, must appear in person at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners to present such proposal or nomination. 31. How do I nominate a Director using the proxy access provisions of the Company’s By-Laws? In September 2015, our Board adopted a “Proxy Access for
Director Nominations” bylaw. The proxy access bylaw permits a shareowner, or a group of up to 20 shareowners, owning 3% or
more of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company’s
proxy materials Director nominees constituting up to two individuals or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater), provided that
the shareowner(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in Article I, Section 12 of our By-Laws. Pursuant to our By-Laws, to be timely
for inclusion in the proxy materials for our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, we must receive a shareowner’s notice
to nominate a Director using the Company’s proxy materials between October 10, 2017 and November 9, 2017. Such notice
should be addressed to the Office of the Secretary as specified in question 29 . The notice must contain the information
required by our By-Laws, and the shareowner(s) and nominee(s) must comply with the information and other requirements in our
By-Laws relating to the inclusion of shareowner nominees in our proxy materials. 2017 Proxy Statement 90 Back to Contents ANNEX B - SUMMARY OF PLANS The following section provides information on Company-sponsored
plans in which the Named Executive Officers participate that are noted in the Compensation section. Retirement Plans – Pension TCCC Pension Plan. The TCCC Pension Plan is a broad-based
tax-qualified defined benefit plan for substantially all U.S. non-union employees of the Company and its participating subsidiaries.
A participant’s benefit formula in the TCCC Pension Plan is dependent on when the participant was hired and whether they
were employed by Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (“CCE”) before the Company’s acquisition of CCE’s North American
operations in 2010. The information below summarizes the provisions applicable to employees, including the participating Named
Executive Officers, who were hired by the Company or its subsidiaries prior to 2010. There are no special or enhanced pension plans
for the Named Executive Officers. Vesting. For employees hired prior to January 1, 2010,
the benefit vests after completing three years of service or attaining age 60 with one year of service. Benefit Formula. Prior to 2010, all pension benefits were
based on a percentage of the employee’s final average compensation (the five highest consecutive years out of the last 11)
up to the limit for each year as set by the Tax Code, multiplied by the employee’s years of credited service. Effective January
1, 2010, participants began accruing a pension benefit under a new cash balance formula (known as the Part B benefit). Participants
employed as of December 31, 2009 retained the pension benefit they accrued under the prior benefit calculation formula through
December 31, 2009 (known as the Part A benefit) and were eligible for one or more special transition benefits. As a result, beginning
in 2010, a participant’s benefit was potentially based on two formulas, Part A (prior benefit calculation formula) plus Part
B (new cash balance formula). Under the cash balance formula, the Company makes an annual pay credit allocation to each active
participant’s account on December 31, ranging from 3% to 8% of compensation, based on the participant’s age. In addition,
on December 31 of each year, the Company makes an annual interest credit allocation based on the value of the participant’s
account as of January 1 of the same year. Employees hired or rehired on or after January 1, 2012 accrue a pension benefit based
on a different cash balance formula than described above. The term “compensation” for determining the pension
benefit generally includes salary, overtime, commissions and cash incentive awards, but excludes any amounts related to stock options,
PSUs, restricted stock or restricted stock units. It also excludes deferred compensation and any extraordinary payments related
to hiring or termination of employment. Payment of Benefits. When benefits become payable upon
separation from service, participants may choose between an annuity or a lump sum option. The TCCC Pension Plan provides for payment
of a reduced benefit prior to normal retirement age and/or the current cash balance amount, as applicable. Limitations on Benefits. In 2016, a participant could
receive no more than $210,000 annually from the TCCC Pension Plan and no compensation in excess of $265,000 per year could be taken
into account for calculating benefits under the TCCC Pension Plan. TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan. Supplemental pension plans
make employees whole when the Tax Code limits the benefit that otherwise would accrue under the applicable pension plan. The TCCC
Supplemental Pension Plan also operates to keep employees whole when they defer part of their salary or annual incentive under
the Deferred Compensation Plan. Otherwise, electing to defer would reduce an employee’s retirement benefits. Vesting. Vesting and benefits under the TCCC Supplemental
Pension Plan are calculated generally in the same manner as if the participant’s otherwise eligible compensation or full
annual benefit were able to be paid from the TCCC Pension Plan. Payment of Benefits. Benefits become payable upon separation
from service. The form of payment is dictated by the terms of the plan and the participant’s age and years of service at
the time of separation. The cash balance portion of the TCCC Supplemental Pension Plan is payable in a lump sum. The traditional
pension benefit portion is paid as an annuity if the participant separates on or after the earliest retirement date (generally,
age 55 with ten years of service). Otherwise, the traditional pension benefit portion is paid as a lump sum. Mobile Plan. The Mobile Plan provides a retirement benefit
to globally mobile associates. The Mobile Plan applies on the same terms to the general population of international service associates
worldwide. Under the Mobile Plan, a globally mobile associate’s account is credited with a monthly percentage of pay (“pay
credit”) and a defined rate of return (“interest credit”). The pay credit is generally 10% of pay, less any benefits
provided by local retirement plans. Both pay credits and interest credits are immediately vested. A participant will continue to
receive monthly interest credits for as long as participation in the plan continues, even if the associate is no longer on a global
assignment. International service associates who participated in certain other plans were transitioned to the Mobile Plan as of
December 31, 2011. Benefits accrued under such other plans were converted to an opening balance in the Mobile Plan as part of the
transition. 2017 Proxy Statement 91 Back to Contents Retirement Plans – 401(k) and Savings Plans 401(k) Plan. The 401(k) Plan is a broad-based tax-qualified
defined contribution plan for most U.S. non-union employees of the Company. The Company matches participant contributions up to
a maximum of 3.5% of the participant’s compensation or the amount allowable under the limits imposed under the Tax Code,
whichever is lower. The Company’s matching contribution is initially invested in Common Stock, but participants may move
the contribution to any other available investment option. Employees become 100% vested in Company matching contributions after
two years. For 2016, compensation over $265,000 may not be taken into account under the 401(k) Plan. Supplemental 401(k) Plan. The Supplemental 401(k) Plan
makes employees whole when the Tax Code limits the Company matching contributions that otherwise would be credited to them under
the 401(k) Plan. The Supplemental 401(k) Plan also operates to keep employees whole when they defer part of their salary or annual
incentive under the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company credits the employee with the Company matching contributions in hypothetical
share units of Common Stock. The value of the accumulated share units, including dividend equivalents, is paid in cash after separation
from service. Participants are immediately vested in their benefit. Employees are not permitted to make contributions to the Supplemental
401(k) Plan. Spanish Savings Plan. The Spanish Savings Plan consists
of a general plan and supplementary plans which are broad-based defined contribution plans that complement social security coverage
provided in Spain for eligible employees. In the general plan, employees contribute according to their pensionable salary, in fixed
percentages according to applicable legislation. The Company triples the employee’s contribution to the general plan. Participation
in the supplementary plans is optional and being active in the general plan is a requirement to contribute. Employees can choose
to contribute to the supplementary plans from 1% to a maximum of 5% of their pensionable salary. The Company matches contributions
to supplementary plans into an early retirement insurance policy. Vesting of these contributions occurs upon fulfillment of applicable
social security early retirement rules, while still employed with the Company. Generally, under the Spanish Savings Plan, normal
retirement age is 65 and benefits may not be drawn before age 60. UK Savings Plan. The UK Savings Plan is a broad-based
registered defined contribution plan in which the majority of employees in the UK participate. Plan participants must contribute
a minimum of 2% of pensionable salary on which the Company contributes 2.5 times the employee’s contribution up to a maximum
Company contribution of 15% of the participant’s pensionable salary. There are no limits to the amount of contributions that
employees can make to their pension account; however, tax effectiveness of contributions is limited by both a lifetime allowance
as well as an annual allowance. These amounts have changed frequently over recent years and continue to be subject to change. For
the 2015/2016 tax year, the annual allowance was up to £40,000 and the lifetime allowance was £1 million. Generally,
under the plan, normal retirement age is 65 and benefits may not be drawn before age 55. Incentive Plans Annual Incentive Plan. The Company maintains the Performance
Incentive Plan for employees above a specified grade level. The Performance Incentive Plan provides an annual cash payment based
on predetermined performance measures. The Compensation Committee may designate one or more performance measures from the list
contained in the plan. Target annual incentives are established for each participant. Payments are generally made in March in the
year following the applicable performance year. No participant may receive an annual payment greater than $10 million. The
Performance Incentive Plan is designed to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Tax Code. See page 52 for additional
information about the Performance Incentive Plan. Long-Term Incentive Plans. The Company maintains long-term
incentive plans for employees above a specified grade level. The following types of awards may be granted under the plans, as designated
by the Compensation Committee: (i) stock options, (ii) PSUs, (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock units, (iv) other performance
awards, including performance cash awards and qualified performance-based awards under Section 162(m) of the Tax Code, payable
in cash or Common Stock, (v) stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) and (vi) other stock-based awards. The Company currently
has outstanding awards of stock options, PSUs, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance cash awards, which are
described below. See page 53 for additional information about long-term incentive compensation. Stock Options. Stock options give the holder the right
to purchase shares of Common Stock at a specified price during specified time periods. The exercise price of an option may not
be less than the fair market value of Common Stock on the grant date. The fair market value is the average of the high and low
prices of Common Stock on the grant date. In certain foreign jurisdictions, the law requires additional restrictions on the calculation
of the option price. The grants provide that stock options generally may not be exercised during the first 12 months after the
grant date. Generally, options vest 25% on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date and have a term
of ten years. The Company’s current compensation programs include stock options as part of the annual long-term equity compensation
awards made to eligible employees. Performance Share Units. PSUs provide an opportunity for
employees to receive Common Stock if predetermined performance measures are met for a predefined performance period. PSUs generally
are subject to an additional holding period. The Company’s current compensation programs include PSUs as part of the annual
long-term equity compensation awards made to eligible employees. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. Restricted
stock awards may be performance-based or time-based. Shares of stock are granted and transferred into the employee’s name.
Shares remain subject to forfeiture until the shares are released under the terms of the awards. Restricted stock unit awards may
be performance-based or time-based and are settled in stock when all required criteria are 2017 Proxy Statement 92 Back to Contents met. Employees may or may not receive dividend equivalents during
the term. Restricted stock and restricted stock units are not part of the annual long-term equity compensation awards made to eligible
employees but may be awarded for limited purposes. Performance Cash Awards. Performance cash awards provide
an opportunity for employees to receive a cash award if predetermined performance measures are met for a predefined performance
period. Performance cash awards generally are subject to an additional holding period. In connection with the Equity Stewardship Guidelines, in 2015, performance cash awards were incorporated
into the annual long-term incentive program for eligible employees. Employees who receive performance cash awards do not receive
equity awards as part of the annual long-term incentive program. No Named Executive Officers received performance cash awards. Other Awards. While the 2014 Equity Plan provides the
Compensation Committee discretion to grant different types of equity awards, including SARs and other stock-based awards such as
unrestricted shares, no such awards have been or are expected to be granted. Other Plans Deferred Compensation Plan. The Deferred Compensation
Plan is a nonqualified and unfunded deferred compensation program offered to approximately 1,000 U.S. based Company employees in
2016. International service associates do not participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Eligible participants may defer up
to 80% of base salary and up to 95% of their annual incentive. The Company has the benefit of full unrestricted use of all amounts
deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan until such amounts are required to be distributed to the plan participants. Gains
and losses are credited based on the participant’s election of a variety of deemed investment choices. The Company does not
match any employee deferral or guarantee a return. Participants’ accounts may or may not appreciate and may depreciate depending
on the performance of their deemed investment choices. None of the deemed investment choices provide returns at above-market or
preferential rates. All deferrals are paid out in cash upon distribution. Participants may schedule a distribution during employment
or may opt to receive their balance after separation from service. Participants who are considered “specified employees”
under Section 409A of the Tax Code (generally, the top 50 highest paid executives) may not receive a post-termination distribution
for at least six months following separation. On occasion, the Company may provide a one-time credit to the Deferred Compensation
Plan to make up for benefits lost under various circumstances, such as benefits lost at a prior employer. The Company has not provided
any such credits for any of the Named Executive Officers. International Service Programs. International service
program benefits generally include relocation expenses, a housing allowance (including certain housing expenses), a cost of living
adjustment (a cash adjustment designed to provide equivalent purchasing power), certain cash allowances recognizing differences
in living conditions in the host location, a home leave allowance and currency protection. The programs also provide tax preparation
services and tax equalization, where applicable. There were approximately 550 participants in these programs in 2016. TCCC Severance Plan. The TCCC Severance Plan provides
cash severance benefits to eligible employees who are involuntarily terminated. Eligible employees include regular, non-union,
non-manufacturing U.S. employees and international service associates. Generally, benefits are payable when an employee is terminated
involuntarily due to specific circumstances such as an internal reorganization or position elimination. Benefits are not payable
if the employee is offered a comparable position with the Company or one of its affiliates, is terminated for cause or has entered
into a separate agreement. The benefit payable is determined based on job grade level, salary and/or length of service. The minimum
benefit is eight weeks of base pay and the maximum benefit is two years of base pay. 2017 Proxy Statement 93 Back to Contents ANNEX C - RECONCILIATION OF GAAP AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES The Company reports its financial results in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP” or referred to herein as “reported”).
However, management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures provide users with additional meaningful financial information
that should be considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends. Management also uses these non-GAAP financial
measures in making financial, operating, compensation and planning decisions and in evaluating the Company’s performance.
Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Company’s
reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our non-GAAP financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting. For additional details regarding the reconciliation of GAAP and
non-GAAP financial measures below, see the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2017. This
information is also available in the “Investors” section of the Company’s website, www.coca-colacompany.com . Year
    Ended December 31, 2016 (UNAUDITED) (In millions) Net
    Operating Revenues Income
    Before Income Taxes Reported
    (GAAP) $ 41,863 $ 8,136 Items
    Impacting Comparability: Asset Impairments/Restructuring — 393 Productivity
    & Reinvestment — 352 Equity
    Investees — 61 Transaction Gains/Losses — 1,623 Other
    Items (9 ) 244 Comparable
    (Non-GAAP) $ 41,854 $ 10,809 Year
    Ended December 31, 2015 (UNAUDITED) (In millions) Net
    Operating Revenues Income
    Before Income Taxes Reported
    (GAAP) $ 44,294 $ 9,605 Items
    Impacting Comparability: Asset Impairments/Restructuring — 292 Productivity
    & Reinvestment — 691 Equity
    Investees — 87 Transaction Gains/Losses — 97 Other
    Items (37 ) 598 Comparable
    (Non-GAAP) $ 44,257 $ 11,370 Year
    Ended December 31, 2016 (UNAUDITED) (In millions) Value
    Returned to Shareowners Reported
    (GAAP): Issuances
    of Stock $ 1,434 Purchases
    of Stock for Treasury (3,681 ) Net
    Change in Stock Issuance Receivables 1 1 Net
    Change in Treasury Stock Payables 2 (63 ) Net Share Repurchases
    (Non-GAAP) (2,309 ) Dividends
    (GAAP) (6,043 ) Value
    Returned to Shareowners (Non-GAAP) $ (8,352 ) 1 Represents the net change
    in receivables related to employee stock options exercised but not settled prior to the end of the year. 2 Represents the net change in payables
    for treasury shares repurchased but not settled prior to the end of the year. 2017 Proxy Statement 94 Back to Contents Year
                                                                                                                                                                                                Ended December
                                                                                                                                                                                                31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                2016 (UNAUDITED) Net
                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating
                                                                                                                                                                                            Revenues %
    Change – Reported (GAAP) (5 ) %
    Currency Impact (3 ) %
    Change – Currency Neutral Revenues (Non-GAAP) (3 ) %
    Acquisitions, Divestitures and Structural Items (6 ) %
    Change – Organic Revenues (Non-GAAP) 3 Year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ended December
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2016 (UNAUDITED) Income
                                                                                                                                              Before Income
                                                                                                                                              Taxes %
    Change – Reported (GAAP) (15 ) % Currency Impact (12 ) % Change – Currency Neutral
    (Non-GAAP) (3 ) % Structural Impact (2 ) %
    Change – Currency Neutral (Structurally Adjusted) (Non-GAAP) (1 ) % Impact of Items Impacting
    Comparability (Non-GAAP) (10 ) % Change – Comparable
    (Non-GAAP) (5 ) % Comparable Currency Impact
    (Non-GAAP) (9 ) % Change – Comparable
    Currency Neutral (Non-GAAP) 4 % Comparable Structural Impact
    (Non-GAAP) (3 ) %
    Change – Comparable Currency Neutral (Structurally Adjusted) (Non-GAAP) 8 Note: Certain columns may not add due to rounding. Certain
growth rates may not recalculate using the rounded dollar amounts provided. 2017 Proxy Statement 95 Back to Contents Thank
you for being a shareowner and for the trust you have in The Coca-Cola Company OUR 21 BILLION-DOLLAR BRANDS INCLUDE: Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com