DEF 14A 1 p72232dedef14a.htm DEF 14A def14a Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement. o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only. þ Definitive Proxy Statement. o Definitive Additional Materials. o Soliciting Material pursuant to Rule 14a-11(c) or Rule 14a-12. CAVCO
INDUSTRIES, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 0-11: (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and
identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous
filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents Phoenix, Arizona 85004 602-256-6263 May 26, 2006 Dear Stockholders: It is our pleasure to invite you to attend the Cavco Industries, Inc. 2006 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. The meeting will be held on Thursday, June 29, 2006, at 9:00 a.m. (M.S.T.) at Cavco’s
offices, 1001 N. Central Avenue, Suite 800, in Phoenix, Arizona. The attached Notice of Annual
Meeting and Proxy Statement provide information concerning the business to be conducted at the
meeting and the nominees for election as directors. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please vote your shares
using the Internet, by telephone, or by completing, signing, dating, and returning the accompanying
proxy in the enclosed envelope. Your shares will then be represented at the meeting if you are
unable to attend. You may, of course, revoke your proxy and vote in person at the meeting if you
desire. Thank you for your support. Sincerely, Cavco Industries, Inc. Joseph H. Stegmayer Chairman of the Board of Directors President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
of Cavco Industries, Inc. Time: 9:00 a.m. (M.S.T.), Thursday, June 29, 2006 Place: Cavco Industries, Inc.’s (“Cavco”) Offices 1001 N. Central Avenue, Suite 800 Phoenix, Arizona 85004 Items of Business: 1. To elect two directors
comprising a class of
directors to serve until
the annual meeting of
stockholders in 2009, or
until their successors have
been elected and qualified; 2. To vote upon the amendment of Cavco’s restated
certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of
common stock of Cavco from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000; 3. To vote upon the ratification of the
appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Cavco’s independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2007; and 4. To transact such other business as may properly
come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Annual Reports: The 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which includes
the Annual Report on Form 10-K, is enclosed. Who Can Vote: You can vote if you were a stockholder of record at the
close of business on May 9, 2006. Date of Mailing: This Notice and Proxy Statement are first being mailed to
stockholders on or about May 26, 2006. By Order of the Board of Directors JAMES P. GLEW Secretary Phoenix, Arizona May 26, 2006 To ensure representation of your shares at the annual meeting, you must vote and submit the proxy
by telephone, over the Internet or by mail in the manner described in the accompanying proxy. All
stockholders are encouraged to review the accompanying proxy statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PROXY STATEMENT 1 INTRODUCTION 1 Purposes of the Annual Meeting 1 Recommendation of the Board of Directors 1 ABOUT THE MEETING 1 Who Can Vote 1 How You Can Vote 1 How Proxies Will be Voted 2 How to Revoke Your Proxy 2 Quorum and Required Vote 2 Expenses of Soliciting Proxies 2 STOCK OWNERSHIP 3 Management 3 Principal Stockholders 4 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND RELATED MATTERS 5 Nominees for Director Standing for Election 5 Continuing Directors 5 Term Expiring in 2007 5 Term Expiring in 2008 6 Board Compensation 6 Board and Committee Meetings 6 Director Nominating Process 7 Audit Committee 8 Report of Audit Committee 9 Compensation Committee 10 Communicating With Our Board 10 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 11 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions 13 Report of Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation 13 Performance Graph 15 Equity Compensation Plans 16 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND CHANGE OF CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS 17 AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 18 Reasons for the Amendment 19 Background Information 19 Recommendation of the Board 19 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 20 Recommendation of the Board 20 Audit Fees 20 GENERAL 21 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 21 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 21 Code of Conduct 21 Form 10-K 22 Stockholder Proposals 22 Cavco Website 22 -i- Table of Contents CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. PROXY STATEMENT Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held June 29, 2006 INTRODUCTION The accompanying proxy, mailed together with this proxy statement, is solicited by and on
behalf of the board of directors of Cavco Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Cavco”), for
use at the annual meeting of stockholders of Cavco to be held on June 29, 2006, and at any
adjournment thereof. The mailing address of Cavco’s executive offices is 1001 N. Central Avenue,
Suite 800, Phoenix, Arizona 85004. This proxy statement and accompanying proxy are being mailed to
stockholders on or about May 26, 2006. Purposes of the Annual Meeting At the annual meeting, action will be taken on the following matters: (1) Election of two directors comprising a class of directors to serve until the annual
meeting of stockholders in 2009, or until their successors have been elected and qualified; (2) Amendment of the restated certificate of incorporation of Cavco to increase the
authorized shares of common stock of Cavco from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000; (3) Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Cavco’s independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2007; and (4) Such other business as may properly come before the meeting. Our board of directors does not know of any matters that may be acted upon at the annual
meeting other than the matters set forth in items (1), (2) and (3) above. Recommendation of the Board of Directors Our board recommends a vote FOR the election of the nominees for director named in the
accompanying proxy, a vote FOR the approval of the amendment of Cavco’s restated certificate of
incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Cavco common stock and a vote FOR the
ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Cavco’s independent registered public
accounting firm for fiscal year 2007. ABOUT THE MEETING Who Can Vote Record holders of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Cavco at the close of business on
May 9, 2006 may vote at the annual meeting. On that date, the issued and outstanding capital stock
of Cavco entitled to vote at the annual meeting consisted of 6,354,980 shares of common stock.
Each holder of common stock will be entitled to one vote per share on the election of directors and
each other matter that is described above or that may be properly brought before the meeting.
There are no cumulative voting rights. How You Can Vote Stockholders can vote their shares of common stock at the annual meeting by voting and
submitting the accompanying proxy by telephone, over the Internet, or by completing, signing,
dating and returning the proxy in the enclosed envelope. -1- Table of Contents How Proxies Will be Voted Shares represented by valid proxies received by telephone, over the Internet or by mail will
be voted at the annual meeting in accordance with the directions given. If no specific choice is
indicated, the shares represented by all valid proxies received will be voted FOR the election of
the nominees for director named in the proxy, FOR the approval of the amendment of Cavco’s restated
certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Cavco common stock and FOR the
ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Cavco’s independent registered public
accounting firm for fiscal year 2007. Our board does not intend to present, and has no information that others will present, any
business at the annual meeting other than as is set forth in the attached notice of the meeting.
However, if other matters requiring the vote of stockholders come before the annual meeting, the
persons named in the accompanying proxy intend to vote the proxies held by them in accordance with
their best judgment in such matters. How to Revoke Your Proxy You have the unconditional right to revoke your proxy at any time prior to the voting thereof
by submitting a later-dated proxy, by attending the annual meeting and voting in person or by
written notice to Cavco addressed to James P. Glew, Secretary, Cavco Industries, Inc., 1001 N.
Central Avenue, Suite 800, Phoenix, Arizona 85004. No such revocation will be effective, however,
unless received by us at or prior to the annual meeting. Attending the meeting does not revoke
your proxy. Quorum and Required Vote The presence at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of
common stock entitled to vote at the meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum. Abstentions and,
by definition, broker non-votes will be counted as present for the purpose of establishing a
quorum. The two nominees for director receiving a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting in person
or by proxy will be elected. The amendment of Cavco’s restated certificate of incorporation will
be approved if the proposal receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote on the proposal. The ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as
Cavco’s independent registered public accounting firm will be approved if the proposal receives the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on, and voted for or against, the
proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of directors or the
ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP. With respect to the proposal to approve the
amendment of Cavco’s restated certificate of incorporation, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have the same effect as votes against the proposal. Expenses of Soliciting Proxies We will bear the cost of soliciting proxies for the annual meeting. Solicitation may be made
by mail, personal interview, telephone or other electronic means by our officers and other
employees, who will receive no additional compensation therefor. -2- Table of Contents STOCK OWNERSHIP Management The following table sets forth information, as of May 9, 2006, with respect to the beneficial
ownership of shares of Cavco common stock by each director, director nominee and executive officer
named in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation,” individually itemized, and
by all directors, director nominees and executive officers of Cavco as a group. Except as
otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, and the owner has sole voting and investment
power with respect thereto. COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP INFORMATION IS DATED MAY 9, 2006 Cavco Common Stock (1) Number of Shares Percent Name of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned of Class David L. Blank 35,000 * Steven G. Bunger 18,750 * Jacqueline Dout 18,750 * Jack Hanna 18,750 * Sean K. Nolen (2) 4,000 * Joseph H. Stegmayer 477,127 (3) 7.10 % Michael H. Thomas 18,750 * Daniel L. Urness — * All directors, director nominees and executive
officers of Cavco as a group (7 persons) (4) 587,127 8.59 % * Less than 1%. (1) Shares covered by stock options that are outstanding under the Cavco Industries, Inc.
Stock Incentive Plan and exercisable on May 9, 2006 or within 60 days thereafter are
included as “beneficially owned” pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Amounts include the following shares that may be
acquired upon exercise of such stock options: Mr. Blank — 35,000 shares; Mr. Bunger —
18,750 shares; Ms. Dout — 18,750 shares; Mr. Hanna — 18,750 shares; Mr. Nolen — 4,000
shares; Mr. Stegmayer — 366,935 shares; Mr. Thomas — 18,750 shares; and all directors,
director nominees and executive officers of Cavco as a group — 476,395 shares. (2) Mr. Nolen is our former Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and
Secretary. He resigned from those positions effective August 11, 2005. Mr. Nolen is
included as a named executive officer in the Summary Compensation Table because he was a
named executive officer during a portion of fiscal year 2006. (3) Includes 82,644 shares of restricted stock. Mr. Stegmayer has the right to vote and
receive dividends on the shares of restricted stock; however, Cavco does not expect to pay
dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. These shares were part of a grant
of restricted stock made by Cavco to Mr. Stegmayer in fiscal year 2004 pursuant to the
terms of his employment agreement with Cavco. This grant is described in more detail in
the Summary Compensation Table. (4) Does not include Mr. Nolen. -3- Table of Contents Principal Stockholders The following table sets forth information, as of May 9, 2006, with respect to the persons,
other than Mr. Stegmayer, known by Cavco to beneficially own more than five percent of the
outstanding shares of Cavco common stock. Information regarding Mr. Stegmayer’s beneficial
ownership of Cavco common stock is set forth under “Management” above. PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION IS DATED MAY 9, 2006 Cavco Common Stock Number of Shares Percent Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned of Class Mario J. Gabelli (1) 987,686 15.54 % One Corporate Center Rye, New York 10580-1435 (1) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D filed by Mario J. Gabelli and
certain other reporting persons with the SEC on March 14, 2006 with respect to shares of
Cavco common stock beneficially owned as of March 14, 2006, but calculating the percentage
shown by dividing the number of such shares of Cavco common stock by the total number of
shares of Cavco common stock issued and outstanding on May 9, 2006. In the Schedule 13D,
the reporting persons do not affirm the existence of a group. The Schedule 13D discloses
that the reporting persons, taken as a whole, had sole voting power as to 939,686 shares
and sole dispositive power as to 987,686 shares and did not have shared voting or shared
dispositive power as to any shares. The other reporting persons are GGCP, Inc. formerly
known as Gabelli Group Capital Partners, Inc. (“GGCP”), GAMCO Investors, Inc. formerly
known as Gabelli Asset Management Inc. (“GBL”), Gabelli Funds, LLC (“Gabelli Funds”), GAMCO
Asset Management Inc. formerly known as GAMCO Investors, Inc. (“GAMCO”), Gabelli Advisers,
Inc. (“Gabelli Advisers”), Gabelli Securities, Inc. (“GSI”), Gabelli & Company, Inc.
(“Gabelli & Company”), MJG Associates, Inc. (“MJG Associates”), Gabelli Foundation, Inc.
(“Foundation”), Mario Gabelli, Lynch, and Interactive. -4- Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND RELATED MATTERS Cavco’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide for the
division of the board of directors into three classes, with the directors in each class to hold
office for staggered terms of three years each. Each class of directors is to consist, as nearly
as possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire board. There
are presently two directors in the class whose term expires at the annual meeting, one director in
the class whose term expires at the 2007 annual meeting and two directors in the class whose term
expires at the 2008 annual meeting. Each director holds office until his or her successor has been
elected and qualified or until the director’s earlier resignation or removal. Steven G. Bunger and Jack Hanna, members of the board whose terms expire at the annual
meeting, will stand for re-election at the meeting. Each of these persons has been nominated for
continued service as a director by our independent directors and the full board pursuant to the
procedures described under “Director Nominating Process” below. Unless contrary instructions are
indicated on the proxy, it is intended that the shares represented by the accompanying proxy will
be voted for the election of these two nominees or, if the nominees become unavailable (which we do
not anticipate), for such substitute nominees as the board shall designate. A plurality of votes
cast at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy, is required to elect each nominee. The board
recommends that the stockholders vote FOR the election of such nominees. The biographical
information appearing below regarding the nominees for director and the continuing directors has
been furnished to Cavco by the respective nominees and directors. Our board of directors has determined that all the members of the board, other than Joseph H.
Stegmayer, who is an employee of Cavco, are “independent” in accordance with (1) the applicable
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the rules
adopted by the SEC thereunder and (2) the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq National
Market and Rule 4200(a)(15) of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the “NASD”). Nominees for Director Standing for Election Steven G. Bunger, 45, is a member of our audit committee and has been a member of our board
since April 2004. Since 2001, he has served as Chairman of the Board of Mobile Mini, Inc., the
nation’s largest publicly owned provider of portable storage containers and mobile offices. He is
also the President and Chief Executive Officer of Mobile Mini, having served in those capacities
since 1997. Mr. Bunger joined Mobile Mini in 1983. Since that time, he has held numerous
positions with Mobile Mini, including Vice President of Operations and Marketing and Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer. Jack Hanna , 59, is chairman of our compensation committee and has been a member of our board
since 2003. Since 1993, Mr. Hanna has hosted Jack Hanna’s Animal Adventures , a nationally
syndicated educational and conservation-oriented television program. Since 1992, Mr. Hanna has
served as Director Emeritus of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium in Columbus, Ohio. Mr. Hanna is a
board member of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund. Continuing Directors Term Expiring in 2007 Jacqueline Dout , 51, is chairperson of our audit committee, a member of our compensation
committee and has been a member of our board since 2003. Since April 2002 Ms. Dout has served as
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary for Pella Corporation in Pella, Iowa,
a retail brand company that produces building products. She is responsible for corporate
development, financial functions, general counsel, shareholder relations and information
technology. Prior to joining Pella, Ms. Dout was President of JJB Enterprises, Inc. of Detroit,
Michigan, and previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Champion
Enterprises, Inc., a publicly traded manufactured home builder and retailer. She is a member of
the Iowa State Board of Education and a former member of the board of visitors for Oakland
University School of Business. -5- Table of Contents Term Expiring in 2008 Joseph H. Stegmayer , 55, serves as our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer. He has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of
directors of Cavco and its predecessor since March 2001. Mr. Stegmayer also served as President of
Centex Corporation’s manufactured housing holding company, Centex Manufactured Housing Group, LLC,
from September 2000 until Cavco’s spin-off from Centex Corporation in June 2003. Prior to joining
Cavco, Mr. Stegmayer served from January 1998 to September 2000 as President – Retail Operations
and Chief Financial Officer of Champion Enterprises, Inc., a publicly traded company that builds
and sells manufactured homes. From 1993 until January 1998, he served as President, Vice Chairman
and Chairman of the Executive Committee of Clayton Homes, Inc., a company that builds, sells,
finances and insures manufactured homes and operates planned housing communities. Michael H. Thomas , 56, is a member of our audit committee and compensation committee and has
been a member of our board since 2003. Mr. Thomas is a principal of Stonehenge Partners, one of
the largest private equity firms in Central Ohio. Mr. Thomas is responsible for sourcing,
structuring, closing, and monitoring existing and new investments. Prior to joining Stonehenge
Partners in August 1999, Mr. Thomas co-founded and was Executive Vice President and Treasurer of
JMAC, Inc., the private investment company of the McConnell family of Columbus, Ohio. His
activities included direct investments in the financial services, publishing, health care, real
estate and manufacturing sectors. He was also responsible for the family’s financial estate and
income tax planning. Previously, Mr. Thomas worked for Ernst & Young LLP and served as director of
the firm’s Columbus, Ohio tax practice. Board Compensation Board members who are not employees of Cavco or any of its subsidiaries receive compensation
in the amount of $15,000 per year and $1,000 for each board meeting attended. The chairperson of
the audit committee receives $4,000 per year for serving as such. In addition, each member of a
board committee receives a fee of $1,000 for each committee meeting attended. Any new non-employee director will also receive, upon commencement of service, a grant of an
option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock. In addition, on an annual basis, each
non-employee director receives a grant of an option to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock. The
options have a seven-year term, a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a
share of common stock of Cavco on the date of grant, and become exercisable at the rate of 25% on
the date of grant and an additional 25% on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of
grant. All rights to exercise the options terminate within four (4) months of the date that the
non-employee director ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason other than death or
disability. However, if the non-employee director held the position for at least ten (10) years,
the options will vest on the date that the non-employee director ceases to be a director and all
rights to exercise the options will terminate three (3) years thereafter. All board members are reimbursed for reasonable expenses of attending board and committee
meetings. Directors who are employees of Cavco or its subsidiaries receive no compensation for
board service. Board and Committee Meetings During Cavco’s fiscal year ended March 31, 2006, our board held four regularly scheduled
meetings and two special meetings. Each of our incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the
meetings of the board and board committees on which they served in fiscal year 2006. All board members are expected to attend our annual meetings of stockholders, unless an
emergency prevents them from doing so. At our 2005 annual meeting of stockholders, all directors
who were serving at the time were present. -6- Table of Contents Director Nominating Process Selection by Independent Directors . The board of directors has adopted resolutions, as required by
listing standards of the Nasdaq National Market and the NASD rules, providing for the nomination of
directors by the independent directors of the board. Accordingly, the board of directors has not
established a nominating committee. The board’s director nominating process involves independent
directors and the entire board and promotes flexibility and independence. Initially, director
nominees are identified and screened by all independent directors. For any nominee to be placed on
the Corporation’s ballot for voting by the Corporation’s stockholders at any Meeting of
Stockholders of the Corporation, such nominee must first be approved by a majority of the
independent directors of the Corporation (excluding such nominee), by a majority of all independent
directors of the Corporation, and by a majority of the entire Board of Directors (first with the
nominee abstaining, and then with the nominee voting). The board may form a nominating committee
in the future at such time as the board determines that a committee structure is necessary or
useful in the director nominating process. Director Qualifications . The independent directors evaluate potential director nominees
according to the following criteria: • decisions for nominating candidates are based on the business and corporate governance
needs of Cavco. If the need for a director exists, then candidates are evaluated on the
basis of merit, qualifications, performance and competency; • the independent directors consider the composition of the entire board when evaluating
individual directors, including the diversity of experience and background represented by
the board; the need for financial, business, academic, public or other expertise on the
board and its committees; and the desire for directors working cooperatively to represent
the best interests of Cavco, its stockholders and employees, and not any particular
constituency; • a majority of our board must be comprised of “independent” directors in accordance with
applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq National Market listing standards; • we seek directors with the highest personal and professional character and integrity who
have outstanding records of accomplishment in diverse fields of endeavor, and who have
obtained leadership positions in their chosen business or profession; • candidates must be willing and able to devote the necessary time to discharge their
duties as a director, and should have the desire to represent and evaluate the interests of
Cavco as a whole; • candidates must be free of conflicts of interest that would interfere with their ability
to discharge their duties as a director or that would violate any applicable law or
regulation; and • candidates must also meet any other criteria as determined by the independent directors,
which may differ from time to time. Nominations by Stockholders. Our bylaws also impose some procedural requirements on
stockholders who wish to: • make nominations for the election of directors; • propose that a director be removed; or • propose any other business to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders. Under these procedural requirements, in order to bring a proposal before a meeting of
stockholders, a stockholder must deliver timely notice of a proposal pertaining to a proper subject
for presentation at the meeting to our corporate secretary along with, among other specified
information, the following: -7- Table of Contents • a description of the business or nomination to be brought before the meeting and the
reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; • the stockholder’s name and address; • the number of shares beneficially owned by the stockholder and evidence of such ownership; • the names of all persons with whom the stockholder is acting in concert and a
description of all arrangements and understandings with such persons; and • the number of shares that such persons beneficially own. To be timely, a stockholder must deliver notice: • in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders, not less than 90 nor more than 180
days prior to the date on which the immediately preceding year’s annual meeting of
stockholders was held; or • in connection with a special meeting of stockholders, not less than 40 nor more than 60
days prior to the date of the special meeting. In order to submit a nomination for our board of directors, a stockholder must also submit
information with respect to the nominee that we would be required to include in a proxy statement,
as well as other specified information. If a stockholder fails to follow the required procedures,
the stockholder’s nominee or proposal will be ineligible for election or other action and will not
be voted on by our stockholders. Audit Committee Our audit committee is composed of three directors, Ms. Dout and Messrs. Bunger, and Thomas,
who satisfy the independence requirements set forth in (1) Section 10A(m) of the Exchange Act and
the rules adopted by the SEC thereunder and (2) applicable Nasdaq National Market listing standards
and NASD rules. The audit committee functions under a charter, which was adopted by our board of
directors on September 22, 2003. A copy of our Audit Committee Charter was included as Appendix A
to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004. The board of directors has determined that one or more of the members of the audit committee
meets the definition of “audit committee financial expert” as such term is defined under SEC rules.
Jacqueline Dout, the chairperson of the audit committee, is currently the Chief Financial Officer
of Pella Corporation, a large, privately held company that produces building products. Prior to
that position, Ms. Dout was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Champion
Enterprises, Inc., a publicly traded company that builds and sells manufactured homes.
Accordingly, she is one of the members of the audit committee who meets the definition of an “audit
committee financial expert” under SEC rules. The audit committee assists the board in its general oversight of (1) the quality and
integrity of Cavco’s accounting, auditing and financial reporting practices and processes, (2) the
financial information to be provided to Cavco stockholders, (3) the systems of internal control
established by management, the audit committee and the board, (4) compliance with Cavco’s code of
ethics, (5) the independence, qualification and performance of Cavco’s independent auditors and (6)
Cavco’s internal and external audit process. The following are certain key responsibilities of the audit committee: • the selection, appointment, compensation, evaluation, retention and oversight of the
work of any independent auditors engaged to issue an audit report or related work or
performing other audit, review or attest services for Cavco, including all audit engagement
fees, and approving all non-audit services; -8- Table of Contents • establishment of procedures for (1) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints
received by Cavco regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters
and (2) the confidential, anonymous submission by Cavco employees of concerns regarding
questionable accounting or auditing matters; • discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements of
Cavco and other significant financial disclosures (including press releases and financial
information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and, if applicable, rating agencies)
with management and the independent auditors of Cavco; • discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management; • prepare the report required to be included in Cavco’s annual proxy statement regarding
review of financial statements and auditor independence (the report for fiscal year 2006 is
included below); and • review and reassess at least annually the adequacy of the audit committee charter and
recommend appropriate changes to the board. The audit committee also reviews Cavco’s corporate compliance program. The audit committee
meets separately with the independent auditors, outside the presence of Cavco’s management or other
employees, to discuss matters of concern, to receive recommendations or suggestions for change and
to exchange relevant views and information. During the last fiscal year, the audit committee met five times. All of the members attended
all the meetings. Report of Audit Committee To the Board of Directors of Cavco Industries, Inc.: We have reviewed and discussed with management Cavco Industries, Inc.’s audited financial
statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2006. We have discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by
Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, Communication with Audit Committees , as amended by
Statement on Auditing Standards No. 90, Audit Committee Communications , by the Auditing
Standards Board of the American Institute of Auditors. We have received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent
auditors required by Independence Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with Audit
Committees , as amended, by the Independence Standards Board, and have discussed with the
auditors the auditors’ independence. We have also considered whether the auditors’ provision of
non-audit services to Cavco Industries, Inc. and its affiliates is compatible with the auditors’
independence. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, we recommend to the Board of Directors
that the financial statements referred to above be included in Cavco Industries, Inc.’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2006. Audit Committee of the Board of Directors Jacqueline Dout, Chairperson Steven G. Bunger Michael H. Thomas April 28, 2006 -9- Table of Contents Compensation Committee Our compensation committee is composed of three “non-employee directors,” Ms. Dout and Messrs.
Hanna, and Thomas, as defined by Rule 16b-3(b)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, who are
independent under applicable Nasdaq National Market listing standards and NASD rules. A copy of
our Compensation Committee Charter was included as Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement
filed for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004. Pursuant to its charter, the compensation
committee assists the board in: • assessing whether the various compensation programs of Cavco are designed to attract,
motivate and retain the senior management necessary for Cavco to deliver superior results
and are performance based, market driven and stockholder aligned; • its oversight of specific incentive compensation plans adopted by Cavco, with the
approval of the compensation committee, including stock plans and short-term and long-term
incentive compensation plans for members of senior management of Cavco; • its approval, review and oversight of benefit plans of Cavco; and • its oversight of the performance and compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of
Cavco and the other members of senior management of Cavco. During the last fiscal year, the compensation committee met once. All the members attended
the meeting. Communicating With Our Board You can communicate with any member of our board of directors by sending the communication to
Cavco Industries, Inc., 1001 N. Central Avenue, Suite 800, Phoenix, Arizona 85004, to the attention
of the director or directors of your choice. We relay these communications addressed in this
manner as appropriate. Communications addressed to the attention of “The Board of Directors” are
forwarded to the chairperson of our audit committee for review and further handling. -10- Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth the cash and non-cash compensation for each of the last three
fiscal years (or such shorter period of time during which such person was an executive officer)
awarded to or earned by the Chief Executive Officer of Cavco, the other executive officer of Cavco
at the end of fiscal year 2006 and two former executive officers. We refer to these persons as the
named executive officers. Summary Compensation Table Long-Term Compensation Annual Compensation Awards Restricted Securities All Other Stock Underlying Compen- Name and Fiscal Award(s) Options (1) sation Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) ($) (#) ($) (5) Joseph H. Stegmayer, 2006 245,337 1,357,336 –– 65,500 –– Chairman of the Board, 2005 235,688 927,360 –– 68,000 –– President and Chief 2004 225,000 477,240 1,000,000 (2) 377,580 — Executive Officer Daniel L. Urness, 2006 120,519 51,750 –– –– 2,368 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (3) David L. Blank, 2006 114,231 459,720 –– –– 2,000 Vice President and General 2005 157,125 338,353 –– 10,000 1,247 Manager
(Litchfield) (4) 2004 150,000 176,777 –– 40,000 3,719 Sean K. Nolen, 2006 127,212 –– –– –– 1,300 Vice President, Chief 2005 157,125 200,000 –– 6,000 2,840 Financial Officer, 2004 150,000 151,500 — 100,000 5,000 Treasurer and Secretary (4) (1) On January 31, 2005, in accordance with the terms of the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock
Incentive Plan, we made proportionate adjustments to all outstanding Cavco stock options to
take into account the two-for-one split of Cavco common stock effected on that date. The
stock option share numbers for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 under the column “Securities
Underlying Options” reflect these adjustments. (2) In fiscal year 2004, in connection with the spin-off of Cavco from Centex Corporation,
Cavco granted to Mr. Stegmayer an award of restricted stock. The award was made pursuant
to Mr. Stegmayer’s employment agreement and is evidenced by a restricted stock award
agreement dated as of July 7, 2003. The value shown in the table is the number of shares
of restricted stock granted to Mr. Stegmayer (55,096 shares, each of which was split into
two shares pursuant to the January 2005 two-for-one stock split) times the closing price of
Cavco common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on July 7, 2003, the effective date of the
award. The value does not reflect a discount for the fact that the shares are restricted.
Mr. Stegmayer is entitled to receive dividends on the restricted shares; however, Cavco
does not expect to pay dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Mr.
Stegmayer also has the right to vote the restricted shares, but the shares cannot be sold
and are subject to forfeiture during the restricted period. -11- Table of Contents The restricted stock vests over a three-year period with 25% becoming vested on the grant
date and the remainder becoming vested in cumulative 25% increments on each of the first
three anniversaries of the grant date so long as Mr. Stegmayer continues to be employed by
Cavco. As of March 31, 2006, 75% of Mr. Stegmayer’s restricted stock award (representing 82,644
shares on a post-split basis) had vested. Accordingly, as of that date, Mr. Stegmayer’s
remaining restricted stock totaled 27,548 shares (on a post-split basis), valued at
$1,338,557, (based on the closing price of Cavco common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market on that date). (3) Mr. Urness became a named executive officer of Cavco in fiscal year 2006. No fiscal
year 2005 or 2004 compensation information is reported for Mr. Urness because he was not an
executive officer of Cavco in those years. (4) Mr. Blank was an executive officer of Cavco until
August 11, 2005 when he was named Vice President and General
Manager - Litchfield. (5) Mr. Nolen resigned as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
of Cavco effective August 11, 2005, and resigned as an employee of Cavco effective December
31, 2005. Mr. Nolen’s compensation as set forth in the above compensation table includes
salary and bonus for all positions held in fiscal year 2006. (6) Represents matching contributions to the named executive officer under or relating to
Cavco’s 401(k) plan for the indicated fiscal year. Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year (1) Potential Realizable Value at Assumed Annual Rates of Stock Price Appreciation for Individual Grants Option Term Number of % of Total Securities Options Underlying Granted to Exercise Options Employees Price Expiration Name Granted (#) in Fiscal Year ($/Sh) (2) Date 5% ($) 10% ($) Joseph H. Stegmayer 65,500 100 % 27.55 5/17/2012 734,623 1,711,984 Daniel L. Urness — — — — — — David L. Blank — — — — — — Sean K. Nolen — — — — — — (1) Amounts set forth in the table reflect the number and value of options only. Cavco has
not issued any stock appreciation rights. (2) These options were granted under the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan at an
exercise price equal to the closing price of Cavco common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market on May 17, 2005, the date of grant. These options become exercisable at the rate of
25% on the date of grant and 25% on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of
grant. -12- Table of Contents Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and Fiscal Year-End Option Values (1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Value of Unexercised Options In-the-Money Options at Fiscal Year-End (#) (2) at Fiscal Year-End ($) (3) Shares Acquired on Value Name Exercise (#) Realized ($) Exercisable Unexercisable Exercisable Unexercisable Joseph H. Stegmayer — — 333,560 177,520 11,805,762 5,502,041 Daniel L. Urness — — — — — — David L. Blank — — 32,500 17,500 1,182,675 584,825 Sean K. Nolen 60,500 1,624,093 6,000 — 209,565 — (1) Amounts set forth in the table reflect the number and value of options only. Cavco has
not issued any stock appreciation rights. (2) The share numbers in this column take into account proportionate adjustments made to
all Cavco stock options outstanding on January 31, 2005 in respect of the two-for-one split
of Cavco common stock effected on that date. (3) Represents the difference between the closing price of Cavco common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market on March 31, 2006 of $48.59 per share and the exercise price of such
options (as adjusted to take into account the two-for-one stock split). Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions Our compensation committee includes the following non-employee directors: Jack Hanna
(Chairman), Jacqueline Dout and Michael H. Thomas. None of Cavco’s directors, officers or
employees has any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 402(j) of SEC Regulation S-K. Report of Compensation Committee on Executive Compensation Our compensation committee provides advice and recommendations to the board of directors
concerning the salaries and bonuses of the executive officers of Cavco. The board approves those
salaries and bonuses. The compensation committee also administers the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock
Incentive Plan, the Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and Cavco’s incentive
compensation bonus plan and is authorized under such plans to grant options and make awards of
cash, restricted stock and stock units to directors, officers and key employees of Cavco and its
subsidiaries and to grant short-term and long-term incentive compensation awards to executive
officers of Cavco. The compensation committee is composed of “non-employee directors”, as defined
by Rule 16b-3(b)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, all of whom are independent under
applicable Nasdaq National Market listing standards and NASD rules. This report describes the
policies and principles that shape the structure of Cavco’s executive compensation program. Cavco’s executive compensation program is structured to achieve the following objectives: • to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified, energetic and talented executives
necessary for Cavco to deliver consistently superior results; -13- Table of Contents • to create an incentive to increase stockholder returns by establishing a direct and
substantial link between individual compensation and certain financial measures that have a
direct effect on stockholder values; and • to create substantial long-term compensation opportunities for individual executive
officers based not only on long-term corporate performance but also on sustained long-term
individual performance. To achieve its compensation objectives, Cavco has structured an executive compensation program
using a combination of short-term and long-term elements: (1) annual salary, (2) annual bonus and
(3) long-term incentive compensation in the form of stock options and, in some cases,
performance-based bonuses, and awards of restricted stock. In addition, the executive officers of
Cavco are eligible to receive other benefits, such as medical benefits and 401(k) matching
contributions, which are generally available to employees of Cavco. In structuring the specific components of executive compensation, Cavco is guided by the
following principles: • compensation programs should be performance based, market driven and stockholder
aligned; • annual compensation should be set within reasonable ranges of the annual compensation
for similar positions with similarly-sized and similar types of companies that engage in
one or more of the principal businesses in which Cavco engages; • bonus payments should vary with the individual’s performance and Cavco’s financial
performance; and • a significant portion of compensation should be in the form of long-term incentive
compensation that aligns the interests of executives with those of the stockholders and
that creates rewards for long-term sustained company performance and the achievement of
Cavco’s strategic objectives. The compensation committee attempts to structure its compensation programs to the named
executive officers as performance-based compensation that is tax deductible. However, the
compensation committee may award compensation that is or could become non-deductible when such
awards are in the best interest of Cavco, balancing tax efficiency with long-term strategic
objectives. Base Salary. The compensation committee is responsible for recommending the base salary
levels for the named executive officers. In developing salary amounts, the compensation committee
reviews the salaries for similar positions in similarly-sized companies that engage in the
manufactured housing business. The compensation committee confirmed that the base salaries of the
named executive officers were consistent with its objective of setting base salaries within
reasonable ranges for similar positions in competitive companies. In setting base salary levels,
the compensation committee also considers the executive’s experience level and potential for
significant contributions to Cavco’s profitability. Incentive Bonus. The compensation committee is also responsible for developing
recommendations for the incentive bonuses awarded to the named executive officers at the end of
each fiscal year. The annual incentive bonus program for the named executive officers has been
structured to create financial incentives and rewards that are directly related to corporate
performance during the fiscal year. For fiscal year 2006, a portion of the annual bonus was
determined pursuant to metrics, including net profit performance, product quality and working
capital management, and the satisfaction of various individual goals, approved by the compensation
committee. Long-Term Compensation. The existing stock option program of Cavco, which is subject to
annual review and may be revised or superseded in the future, is designed to provide incentive to
the participants under such program, which include the named executive officers, to focus on
maximizing Cavco’s return to stockholders and to plan and prepare properly for Cavco’s future.
Stock options may be granted under the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan and the Cavco
Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. All outstanding stock options have been granted under
the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. -14- Table of Contents Under the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, a maximum of 900,000 shares of Cavco
common stock (as adjusted to take into account the two-for-one split of Cavco common stock in
January 2005) may be subject to grants of options or awards of restricted stock or stock units to
officers, directors and key employees, provided that no more than 400,000 of such shares will be
subject to awards of restricted stock or stock units. Under the Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock
Incentive Plan, a maximum of 450,000 shares of Cavco common stock may be subject to grants of
options or awards of restricted stock or stock units to officers, directors and key employees,
provided that no more than 200,000 of such shares will be subject to awards of restricted stock or
stock units. Options granted under the plans are non-qualified options, which do not meet the
incentive stock option criteria set forth in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. Shares covered by options that terminate or are canceled prior to exercise and shares of
restricted stock, and shares covered by stock units, that are returned to us will again be
available for grants of options and awards of restricted stock or stock units. Also, if the option
price or any applicable tax withholding obligation payable upon exercise of an option is satisfied
by the tender or withholding of shares, the number of shares so tendered or withheld will be
eligible for grants of options and awards of restricted stock or stock units under the plans. The
option price may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the Cavco common stock at the
time of grant. Recipients of restricted stock awarded under the plans are entitled to normal cash
dividends on the restricted shares. However, Cavco does not expect to pay dividends on its common
stock in the foreseeable future. No restricted stock or stock unit awards have been made under the stock incentive plans.
However, in fiscal year 2004, Mr. Stegmayer received a grant of restricted stock, which was made
outside of the plans, pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement with Cavco, as described
below under “CEO Compensation” and in the Summary Compensation Table. CEO Compensation. The Chief Executive Officer of Cavco participates in the same compensation
programs as the other executive officers, with each component of his compensation determined by the
compensation committee according to the same criteria. Incentive compensation to Mr. Stegmayer for
fiscal years 2004, 2005, and 2006, which included grants of stock options, was awarded in
accordance with the existing incentive compensation plans and as required by Mr. Stegmayer’s
employment agreement with Cavco. Under his employment agreement, Mr. Stegmayer’s is eligible to
receive, and did receive, for each of fiscal years 2004, 2005 and 2006, a cash bonus in an amount
equal to 3% of the first $2.5 million of pretax income for the fiscal year and 6% of pretax income
for the fiscal year in excess of such amount. In fiscal year 2004, Mr. Stegmayer also received a
restricted stock award in the amount of 55,096 shares of Cavco common stock (each of which was
split into two shares pursuant to the two-for-one split of Cavco common stock in January 2005) in
accordance with the terms of his employment agreement. The stock options granted to Mr. Stegmayer
in fiscal years 2004, 2005, and 2006 are listed in the Summary Compensation Table. Compensation Committee Jack Hanna, Chairman Jacqueline Dout Michael H. Thomas Performance Graph The following graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative total stockholder return on
Cavco common stock during the three fiscal years ended March 31, 2006 with the Nasdaq U.S. index
and a peer group composed of companies with businesses in one or more of Cavco’s primary lines of
businesses: the production and sale of manufactured homes. The companies comprising the peer
group are weighted by their respective market capitalization and include the following: Cavalier
Homes, Inc. Champion Enterprises, Inc., Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc., Liberty Homes, Inc. (Class A
Common Stock), Nobility Homes, Inc., Palm Harbor Homes, Inc. and Skyline Corporation. The
comparison assumes $100 was invested on July 1, 2003 in Cavco common stock and in each of the
foregoing indices. -15- Table of Contents CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 7/1/03 3/31/04 3/31/05 3/31/06 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. $ 100 $ 184 $ 242 $ 486 NASDAQ U.S. INDEX $ 100 $ 121 $ 122 $ 144 PEER GROUP $ 100 $ 151 $ 131 $ 178 Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information, as of March 31, 2006, regarding Cavco’s stock
incentive plans and the restricted stock award made by Cavco to Mr. Stegmayer in fiscal year 2004.
The Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan and Mr. Stegmayer’s restricted stock award were
approved by the sole stockholder of Cavco in June 2003 prior to the spin-off of Cavco from Centex
Corporation. The Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by Cavco’s
stockholders in June 2005. The stock incentive plans are currently the only equity compensation
plans maintained by Cavco. -16- Table of Contents The stock incentive plans provide for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, stock
units and cash awards. Our compensation committee administers these plans and has the authority to
make grants thereunder. The stock incentive plans provide for immediate vesting of outstanding
grants and awards upon a change in control of Cavco, as defined in the plans. (c) Number of securities (a) remaining available for Number of securities (b) future issuance under to be issued upon Weighted-average equity compensation exercise of exercise price of outstanding plans [excluding outstanding options, options, warrants and securities reflected in warrants and rights rights column (a)] Cavco Industries, Inc. 697,330 $ 15.40 138,420 Stock Incentive Plan Cavco Industries, Inc. — — 450,000 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Stegmayer
Restricted 82,644 (1) –– –– Stock
Award (1) Represents the number of restricted shares held by Mr. Stegmayer at March 31, 2006. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND CHANGE OF CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS In 2003, our board of directors approved an employment agreement with Mr. Stegmayer. The
agreement provides for: (a) a term of three years, which is automatically extended for successive
one-year periods unless the board or Mr. Stegmayer elects not to renew the term by notice to the
other at least 90 days prior to the end of the three-year term or any renewal term; (b) an annual
base salary of no less than $225,000; (c) an annual cash bonus in an amount equal to 3% of the
first $2.5 million of pretax income for the fiscal year and 6% of pretax income for the fiscal year
in excess of such amount; and (d) certain fringe benefits. During fiscal year 2006, Mr. Stegmayer
elected not to receive any fringe benefits. If Mr. Stegmayer dies, or becomes disabled, or if
Cavco terminates Mr. Stegmayer’s employment without cause prior to a change of control, or if Mr.
Stegmayer resigns because of a breach by Cavco of the employment agreement, then Mr. Stegmayer (or
his heirs or executor) will continue to
receive his base salary for each fiscal year under the remaining term of the employment
agreement and an average bonus based on the bonuses payable to him in the prior two years, plus an
annual additional year of base salary, an average bonus and health insurance for such additional
year from the date of termination. If, within two years after a change of control of Cavco, Mr.
Stegmayer is terminated for any reason other than cause or voluntarily resigns, Cavco will pay to
Mr. Stegmayer a lump sum termination payment equal to two times the sum of his then current base
salary and average bonus. Pursuant to Mr. Stegmayer’s employment agreement, and in connection with the spin-off of Cavco
from Centex Corporation in fiscal year 2004, Cavco granted Mr. Stegmayer an initial non-qualified
option to purchase 188,790 shares of common stock, equal to 6% of all of the then-issued and
outstanding shares of common stock (and which was proportionately adjusted to take into account the
two-for-one split of Cavco common stock in January 2005). The option has a per share exercise
price equal to the fair market value of a share of common stock of Cavco on the date of grant and
vests over a three-year period with 25% becoming vested on the grant date and the remainder
becoming vested in cumulative 25% annual increments. In addition, pursuant to the employment
agreement, Cavco agreed to grant to Mr. Stegmayer, as soon as reasonably practicable following each
of the first and second anniversaries of the spin-off, additional non-qualified options to purchase
a number of shares of common stock -17- Table of Contents equal to not less than 1% of the then-issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. These options were granted on June 22, 2004 and May 17, 2005 (See
“Executive Compensation”). The vesting schedule of each such option grant matches the vesting
schedule of the initial 6% grant. In addition, in connection with the spin-off, Centex Corporation agreed to continue to make
compensation payments to Mr. Stegmayer in the aggregate amount of $600,000, $100,000 of which was
paid on the date of the spin-off, $100,000 of which was paid at the conclusion of Cavco’s fiscal
year 2004, and $400,000 of which was paid on June 1, 2005, in consideration of his past services to
Centex, his continued part-time employment with Centex through March 31, 2005, and his agreement
not to compete with Centex. In 2003, our board of directors also approved an employment agreement with Sean K. Nolen, our
former Chief Financial Officer. The agreement provided for (a) a term of three years, (b) an
annual base salary of no less than $150,000 and (c) an annual cash bonus in an amount to be
determined from time to time by the board after consultation with the Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Nolen was also entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans established
or adopted and maintained by Cavco in accordance with its regular practices applicable to other
similarly situated executives. The agreement provided that, if Mr. Nolen died, or became disabled,
or his employment was terminated without cause prior to the occurrence of a change in control, or
if he resigned because of a breach by Cavco of the employment agreement, Mr. Nolen (or his heirs or
executors) would continue to receive his base salary for 12 months. Also, if within one year after
the occurrence of a change in control, Mr. Nolen’s employment was terminated for any reason other
than for cause, then Cavco would pay Mr. Nolen his then current annual base salary for 12 months.
Mr. Nolen resigned as an officer of Cavco effective August 11, 2005, and, in connection with his
resignation, Cavco and Mr. Nolen entered into an agreement whereby: (a) Mr. Nolen’s employment
agreement with Cavco was terminated effective as of the date of his resignation, (b) Mr. Nolen
continued as an employee of Cavco from the date of resignation through December 31, 2005, and was
paid a base salary of $13,125 per month during that period, (c) Mr. Nolen agreed to provide
consulting services to Cavco upon its request during the three-month period following the
termination of his employment on December 31, 2005, and was paid at a rate of $13,125 per month for
such consulting services, and (d) Mr. Nolen agreed not to compete with Cavco during the term of his
employment with Cavco and for a period of 15 months thereafter. AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION The board of directors of Cavco proposes to amend the restated certificate of incorporation of
Cavco to increase the number of authorized shares of Cavco common stock. The purpose of this
proposal is to enable Cavco to effect potential future stock splits and stock dividends that would
make Cavco stock affordable for a broader base of stockholders, and to issue Cavco common stock for
other proper corporate purposes that may be identified in the future. The proposed amendment would
increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 10,000,000 shares to 20,000,000
shares. The board of directors adopted the proposed amendment to the restated certificate of
incorporation at its March 28, 2006 meeting, subject to stockholder approval, and declared the
proposal to be advisable. Accordingly, stockholders are asked to vote on the following resolution: RESOLVED, THAT THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. BE
AMENDED TO INCREASE THE TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK THAT THE CORPORATION IS
AUTHORIZED TO ISSUE TO 20,000,000, TO BE EFFECTED BY AMENDING THE FIRST PARAGRAPH OF THE FOURTH
ARTICLE OF THE CORPORATION’S RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO READ IN ITS ENTIRETY AS
FOLLOWS: FOURTH: The aggregate number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is 21,000,000, of which 20,000,000 shares are classified as
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (“Common Stock”), and 1,000,000 shares are
classified as preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (“Preferred Stock”). -18- Table of Contents Reasons for the Amendment Approval of the proposed amendment will allow Cavco to affect potential future stock splits
and stock dividends while maintaining flexibility similar to the flexibility that currently exists
for Cavco to use capital stock for future business and financial purposes. Authorized but unissued
shares of Cavco common stock may be used by Cavco for any purpose permitted under Delaware law,
including to raise capital; to provide equity incentives to employees, officers and directors; and
to enter into strategic transactions that the board of directors believes provide the potential for
growth and profit. Authorized but unissued shares of Cavco common stock may also be used to oppose
a hostile takeover attempt or to delay or prevent a change in control of Cavco, although Cavco has
no present intention to issue shares for such purpose. The proposed amendment arises out of
business and financial considerations, and Cavco is not aware of any threat of takeover or change
in control. Cavco currently has no plans or arrangements for the issuance of shares of common
stock for the purpose of rendering more difficult or discouraging a change in control of Cavco. Adoption of the proposed amendment will eliminate the delay and expense involved in calling a
special meeting of stockholders to authorize the additional shares at the time such issuance may
become necessary. Adoption of the proposed amendment would also enable the board of directors from
time to time to issue additional shares of common stock authorized by the proposed amendment for
such purposes and such consideration as the board of directors may approve without further approval
of Cavco’s stockholders, except as may be required by Cavco’s restated certificate of
incorporation, applicable law or by the rules of any stock exchange on which the shares of common
stock are then listed. As is true for shares presently authorized, common stock authorized by the
proposed amendment may, when issued, have a dilutive effect on earnings per share and on the equity
and voting power of existing holders of common stock. Under the proposed amendment, each of the newly authorized shares of Cavco common stock will
have the same rights and privileges as currently authorized Cavco common stock. Adoption of the
proposed amendment will not affect the rights of the holders of currently outstanding Cavco common
stock nor will it change the par value of the Cavco common stock. Background Information The number of shares of Cavco common stock issued as of the record date for the annual meeting
was 6,354,980. There are also 1,283,750 shares subject to issuance for outstanding awards or
available for future grants under Cavco’s stock incentive plans. The authorized capital stock of Cavco currently consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock,
$0.01 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share.
Since the proposed amendment would increase the number of authorized shares of common stock to
20,000,000, the total number of authorized shares would thereby be increased to 21,000,000. The
proposed amendment to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock does not change the
number of shares of preferred stock that Cavco is authorized to issue. There are no shares of
preferred stock currently outstanding. If the proposed amendment is adopted, it will become effective upon filing of a certificate of
amendment to Cavco’s restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
However, if stockholders approve the proposed amendment to Cavco’s restated certificate of
incorporation, the board of directors retains the discretion under Delaware law to abandon and not
implement the proposed amendment and the number of authorized shares would accordingly remain at
its current level. Recommendation of the Board The board of directors unanimously recommends that the amendment to Cavco’s restated
certificate of incorporation be approved. The amendment will be approved if the proposal receives
the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the proposal.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes against the proposal. The
proxies will be voted for or against the proposal or as an abstention, in accordance with the
instructions specified on the proxy form. If no instructions are given, proxies will be voted for
approval of the amendment. -19- Table of Contents RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS Ernst & Young LLP acted as Cavco’s independent registered public accounting firm to audit its
books and records for fiscal year 2006, and the audit committee has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as
Cavco’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2007, subject to ratification
by Cavco stockholders. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment, the audit committee will reconsider whether
or not to retain Ernst & Young LLP, but still may retain them. Even if the appointment is
ratified, the audit committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the
year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of Cavco and our
stockholders. Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP are expected to be present at the annual meeting, with
the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and will be available to respond to
appropriate questions from Cavco stockholders. Recommendation of the Board The board of directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment
of Ernst & Young LLP as Cavco’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2007. Audit Fees The audit committee has adopted policies and procedures pre-approving all audit and
permissible non-audit services performed by Ernst & Young LLP. Under these policies, the audit
committee pre-approves the use of audit and specific permissible audit-related and non-audit
services up to certain dollar limits. Services that do not come under this authority must be
pre-approved separately by the audit committee. In determining whether or not to pre-approve
services, the audit committee determines whether the service is a permissible service under the
SEC’s rules, and, if permissible, the potential effect of such services on the independence of
Ernst & Young LLP. The aggregate fees billed for professional services by Ernst & Young LLP in the last two
fiscal years are as follows: Type
of Fees Fiscal
2005 Fiscal
2006 Audit Fees $ 405,250 $ 364,350 Audit-Related Fees 23,462 0 Tax Fees 65,875 67,147 All Other Fees 0 0 Total $ 494,587 $ 431,497 As used in the foregoing table: • “Audit Fees” are the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for
professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of annual
financial statements, internal controls and review of financial statements included in Form
10-Q quarterly reports or services that are normally provided by the accountant in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements; • “Audit-Related Fees” are the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years
for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements, including audits of
employee benefit plans and accounting consultations, due diligence related to mergers,
internal control reviews, and attest services that are not required by statute or
regulation; • “Tax Fees” are the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years fees for
professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice
and tax planning; and -20- Table of Contents • “All Other Fees” includes the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years
for products and services provided by the principal accountant, including fees for auditing
previous year’s financial statements and fees for permitted corporate finance assistance
and permitted advisory services. GENERAL Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Cavco directors and executive officers, and persons
who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of Cavco’s equity securities, to file
initial reports of ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports of ownership with
the SEC and Nasdaq. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish Cavco with copies of
all Section 16(a) reports that they file with the SEC. Based solely on its review of the copies of such reports received by it with respect to fiscal
year 2006 or written representations from certain reporting persons, Cavco believes that its
directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class
of Cavco’s equity securities have complied with all filing requirements of Section 16(a) for fiscal
year 2006 applicable to such persons. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions We have entered into Change of Control Agreements with certain of our executive officers. See
above under “Employment Agreements and Change of Control Arrangements.” Code of Conduct Cavco has adopted a code of conduct that applies to all Cavco employees, including Cavco’s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. Cavco’s code of conduct is
designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: • honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent
conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; • full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that
Cavco files with, or submits to, the SEC and in other public communications made by Cavco; • compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; • the prompt internal reporting of violations of the code of conduct to an appropriate
person or persons identified in the code of conduct; and • accountability for adherence to the code of conduct. Cavco has posted the text of its code of conduct on its Internet website at www.cavco.com.
Cavco’s code of conduct will remain accessible on its Internet website. However, if Cavco ever
desires to remove its code of conduct from its Internet website, then, prior to such removal, Cavco
will either file its code of conduct as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC or will undertake in an Annual Report on Form 10-K to provide a copy of the code of conduct to
any person without charge. -21- Table of Contents Form 10-K Stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting may obtain a copy of Cavco’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006, including the financial statements, required
to be filed with the SEC, without charge, upon written or oral request to Cavco Industries, Inc.,
Attention: James P. Glew, Secretary, 1001 N. Central Avenue, Suite 800, Phoenix, Arizona, 85004,
(602) 256-6263. Stockholder Proposals Cavco’s 2007 annual meeting of stockholders is scheduled to be held on June 28, 2007. In
order to be considered for inclusion in Cavco’s proxy material for that meeting, stockholder
proposals must be received at Cavco’s principal executive offices, addressed to the attention of
the Secretary, not later than January 26, 2007. For any proposal that is not submitted for inclusion in Cavco’s proxy material for the 2007
annual meeting of stockholders but is instead sought to be presented directly at that meeting, Rule
14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act permits Cavco’s management to exercise discretionary voting
authority under proxies it solicits unless Cavco is notified about the proposal no earlier than
December 29, 2006 and no later than April 11, 2007, and the stockholder submitting the proposal
satisfies the other requirements of Rule 14a-4(c). Cavco’s bylaws further provide that, to be
considered at the 2007 annual meeting, a stockholder proposal relating to the nomination of a
person for election as a director must be submitted in writing and received by the Secretary at the
principal executive offices of Cavco no earlier than December 30, 2006 and no later than March 30,
2007, and must contain the information specified by and otherwise comply with Cavco’s bylaws. Any
stockholder wishing to receive a copy of Cavco’s bylaws should direct a written request to the
Secretary at Cavco’s principal executive offices. Cavco Website In this proxy statement, we state that certain information and documents are available on the
Cavco website. These references are merely intended to suggest where additional information may be
obtained by our stockholders, and the materials and other information presented on our website are
not incorporated in and should not otherwise be considered part of this proxy statement. By Order of the Board of Directors JAMES P. GLEW Secretary Phoenix, Arizona May 26, 2006 -22- Table of Contents CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Annual Meeting of Stockholders – June 29, 2006 The undersigned hereby appoints Jacqueline Dout and Michael H. Thomas, or either of them, proxy, with full power of substitution, to vote, as specified on the reverse side, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Cavco Industries, Inc. to be held June 29, 2006, or any adjournment thereof, all shares of Common Stock of Cavco Industries, Inc. registered in the name of the undersigned at the close of business on May 9, 2006. THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS SPECIFIED ON THE BALLOT ON THE REVERSE SIDE, BUT IF NO INSTRUCTIONS ARE INDICATED, THEN THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE TWO DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED IN ITEM 1 AND FOR ITEMS 2 AND 3.  THE PROXIES WILL USE THEIR DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER REFERRED TO IN ITEM 4. By execution of this proxy, you hereby acknowledge receipt herewith of Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for the June 29, 2006 Annual Meeting. READ, EXECUTE AND DATE REVERSE SIDE AND MAIL IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. If you vote your proxy by Internet or by telephone, you do NOT need to mail back your proxy card. Address
Change/Comments (Mark the corresponding
box on the reverse side) 5 FOLD AND DETACH HERE 5 Table of Contents Please Mark Here for Address Change or Comments o x SEE REVERSE SIDE UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE TWO DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED IN ITEM 1 AND FOR ITEMS 2 AND 3, and, at the discretion of the named proxies, upon such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.  By executing this proxy, the undersigned hereby revokes prior proxies relating to the meeting. Please
mark your vote as indicated in this example. The Board of Directors recommends a vote“FOR”
the election of the two nominees in Item 1 and
“FOR” Items 2 and 3. FOR BOTH (except as marked to the contrary) WITHHOLD FOR BOTH FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN 1. Election of two directors to serve until the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2009. Nominees o o 2. Approval of the amendment of Cavco Industries,
Inc.’s restated certificate of incorporation to
increase the authorized shares of common
stock from 10,000,000 to 20,000,000. o o o 01 Steven G. Bunger FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN 02 Jack Hanna 3. Ratification of the appointment of independent
auditor for fiscal 2007. o o o Instructions: To withhold authority to vote for either nominee,
write the nominee’s name on the following line. 4. In their discretion, on such other business as may properly be brought before
the meeting or any adjournment thereof. MARK HERE IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING. o Signature Signature Date Please sign exactly as your name appears on your stock certificate. For joint accounts, each owner should sign. Executors, Administrators, Trustees, etc. should give full title. 5 FOLD AND DETACH HERE 5 Vote by Internet or Telephone or Mail 24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week Internet voting
and telephone voting are available through 11:59 PM Eastern Time the day prior to annual meeting day. Your Internet or telephone vote authorizes the named proxies to vote your shares in the same manner as if you marked, signed and returned your proxy card. Internet Telephone Mail http://www.proxyvoting.com/cvco 1-866-540-5760 Mark, sign and
date your proxy card and return it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. Use the Internet to vote your proxy. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site. OR Use any touch-tone telephone to vote your proxy. Have your proxy card in hand when you call. OR If you vote your proxy by Internet or by telephone, you do NOT need to mail back your proxy card.