DEF 14A 1 d233196ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy
Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  ) Filed by the Registrant  ☑ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☑ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 PPL CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☑ No fee required ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Message to Our Shareowners Dear Shareowner, Thank you for your continued investment in PPL. On behalf of our
entire Board of Directors, we are pleased to invite you to our virtual 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. Over the past year, your company has taken significant
steps to strategically reposition itself and to lay a strong foundation for long-term growth and success — all while delivering essential energy and exceptional service to our customers. Our 2021 highlights included: • Delivering top-quartile reliability, award-winning customer satisfaction and
near-record safety performance across our utility operations. • Maintaining affordable rates below regional averages. • Advancing our clean energy strategy and committing to net-zero carbon emissions by
2050. • Investing $2 billion in the U.S. to build smarter, more dynamic and more resilient energy networks. • Receiving exceptional value in the sale of our U.K. utility business. • Advancing the acquisition of The Narragansett Electric Company, Rhode Island’s primary electric and gas utility. • Returning more than $2.3 billion to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. As PPL excelled operationally and executed on its strategic repositioning in 2021, our Board remained responsive to shareowner interests and committed to strong
corporate governance. Among the year’s highlights, our Directors appointed a new independent Board Chair and welcomed new Director Heather Redman. Our company established its new net-zero carbon emissions
goal, pledged more than $50 million in new investments to drive clean energy innovation, and linked executive incentive compensation to several goals aimed at climate-related and environmental, social and governance performance. In the fall, we also published our latest Climate Assessment Report and filed our Triennial Integrated Resource Plan in Kentucky, the latter of which projected a
significant increase in renewable additions in the 15-year planning horizon compared to our prior plan. In addition, throughout the year we pursued our enterprise-wide diversity, equity and inclusion strategy,
strengthening diversity within our leadership ranks and overall workforce and continuing to enhance a culture of equity and inclusion. Additional performance highlights can be found throughout the proxy statement and our annual report to
shareowners. In closing, we’re very proud of our 2021 accomplishments, but our work is not done. We’re focused on delivering strong operational
performance as we continue to create clean-energy-enabling grids. We continue to economically transition our Kentucky coal-fired generation and are committing not to burn unabated coal by 2050. We’ve received all the necessary regulatory
approvals to acquire Narragansett Electric and are now working diligently through state appeals processes in order to close the transaction. And we’re excited to showcase a new PPL — a U.S.-focused energy company delivering superior
utility operations, driving sustainable value for all stakeholders and leading a responsible clean energy transition for our customers. As always, we welcome your feedback on the direction we’re headed and encourage you to vote your shares. We
appreciate your continued support. Sincerely, Craig A. Rogerson Independent Chair of the Board Vincent Sorgi President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents PPL CORPORATION Two North Ninth Street Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareowners Date May 18, 2022 Time Online check-in begins:    8:30 a.m. Eastern Time Meeting
begins:                9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Place Meeting live via the internet. Please visit: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL2022 Items of Business •  To
elect nine directors, as listed in this Proxy Statement, for a term of one year. •  To conduct an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. •  To ratify the appointment of
Deloitte & Touche LLP as the company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2022. •  To consider such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or
postponements thereof. Record Date You can vote if you were a shareowner of record on February 28, 2022. Proxy Voting Your vote is important. Please vote your shares by voting on the internet or by telephone or by completing and returning your proxy card. For more details, see the information
beginning on page 84. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held virtually and will be conducted live through an audio webcast on the internet. The
virtual-only format offers an efficient and effective means to engage shareowners, helps prevent the spread of COVID-19, and affords shareowners the same rights as if the meeting were held in person, including
the ability to vote your shares electronically during the meeting and ask questions in accordance with our rules of conduct for the meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting by
visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL2022 and entering the 16-digit control number
included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or the voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. On Behalf of the Board of Directors, Wendy E. Stark Senior Vice President, General
Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal Officer April 6, 2022 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareowner Meeting to Be Held on May 18, 2022: This Proxy Statement and the Annual Report to Shareowners are
available at www.pplweb.com/PPLCorpProxy Table of Contents QUICK INFORMATION The following charts provide quick information about PPL Corporation’s 2022 Annual Meeting and our corporate
governance and executive compensation practices. These charts do not contain all of the information provided elsewhere in the proxy statement; therefore, you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. We first released this proxy statement and the accompanying proxy materials to shareowners on or about April 6, 2022. Annual Meeting Information DATE & TIME Wednesday, May 18, 2022 9:00 a.m. Eastern
Time LOCATION Meeting live via the internet. Please visit: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL202 2 RECORD DATE February 28, 2022 Proposals That Require Your Vote Proposal Voting Options Board Recommendation More Information Proposal 1 Election of
Directors FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN for each Director Nominee FOR each     Nominee Page 5 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to
Approve Compensation of Named Executive Officers FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN FOR Page 28 Proposal 3 Ratification of the
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN FOR Page 80 See information beginning on page 84 on how you can vote. Corporate Governance and Compensation Facts Corporate Governance or Compensation Matter PPL’s Practice Board Composition, Leadership and Operations Current Number of Directors 10 Independence of Current Directors 90% Standing Board Committee Membership Independence Yes Independent Chair of the Board Yes Voting Standards in Director Elections Majority with plurality carve-out for contested elections Frequency of Director Elections Annual Resignation Policy Yes Classified Board No Mandatory Retirement Age Yes (75) Mandatory Tenure No Average Nominee Age 63 Average Nominee Tenure 7.4 years Diversity of Nominees Based on Gender 33% Diversity of Nominees Based on Race, Ethnicity and Nationality 44% Diversity of Nominees Based on Gender, Race, Ethnicity and Nationality 67% Table of Contents Corporate Governance or Compensation Matter PPL’s Practice Board Composition, Leadership and Operations Directors Attending Fewer than 75% of Meetings None Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluation Process Yes Independent Directors Meet without Management Present Yes Number of Board Meetings Held in 2021 9 Total Number of Board and Committee Meetings Held in 2021 30 Proxy Access Bylaw Yes Sustainability and Other Governance Practices Sustainability Strategy and Commitments Yes Voluntary Disclosures Using Frameworks (GRI, CDP Climate, TCFD, SASB & EEI-AGA) Yes Board and Committee Oversight of Sustainability and ESG Disclosure Yes ESG Considered in Enterprise Risk Management Yes Board Oversight of Corporate Culture Yes Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Yes Environmental Commitment Yes Carbon Reduction Goal Yes Human Rights Policy Statement Yes DEI Commitments and Metrics Disclosure (including EEO-1) Yes Code of Conduct for Directors, Officers and Employees Yes Supplier Code of Conduct Yes Shareowner Engagement Practice Yes Corporate Political Contribution Policy Yes Political Contributions Disclosed Yes Anti-hedging and Anti-pledging Policy Yes Robust Stock Ownership Policies Yes Family Relationships None Material Related-Party Transactions with Directors None Independent Auditor Deloitte & Touche LLP Compensation Practices CEO Pay Ratio 77:1 Clawback Policy Yes Employment Agreements for Executive Officers No Repricing of Underwater Options No Excessive Perks No Pay-for-Performance Yes Frequency of Say-on-Pay Advisory Vote Annual Double-Trigger Change-in-Control Provisions Yes Percentage of Incentive Compensation at Risk 100% Performance-based Percentage of Long-term Incentive Compensation 80% Dividend Equivalents Paid on Unvested Equity Awards Granted to Executive Officers None Tax “Gross-ups” for Change-in-Control Severance Agreements None Annual Risk Assessment of Compensation Policies and Practices Yes Independent Compensation Consultant Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Page 1 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Page 5 NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR 7 GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Page 12 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 12 Attendance 12 Independence of Directors 12 Executive Sessions; Independent Chair of the Board 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Board and Committee Evaluations 12 Guidelines for Corporate Governance 13 Communications with the Board 13 Code of Ethics 13 Shareowner Engagement 14 BOARD COMMITTEES 15 Board Committee Membership 15 Principal Functions of Each Committee 16 Audit Committee 16 Compensation Committee 16 Executive Committee 16 Finance Committee 17 Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee 17 Compensation Processes and Procedures 17 CEO and Other Management Succession 18 Director Nomination Process and Proxy Access 19 Chair of the Board Succession 20 THE BOARD’S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT 21 Overview 21 Board Oversight of Key Risks 21 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 23 2021 Director Pay Components 23 Director Deferred Compensation Plan 23 Director Equity Ownership Guidelines 23 2021 Director Compensation 24 STOCK OWNERSHIP Page 25 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 25 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS Page 27 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Page 28 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 28 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 29 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD&A) 29 Table of Contents for CD&A 29 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 30 2021 PERFORMANCE ACHIEVEMENTS AND PAY ALIGNMENT 30 Overview of 2021 Performance 30 How We Align PPL’s Compensation Program with Performance 32 Change to the Compensation Program for 2021 and 2022 34 2021 Pay and Performance 35 2021 Say-on-Pay Advisory
 Vote and Shareowner Engagement 35 OVERVIEW OF PPL’S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM FRAMEWORK 36 Aligning Employees and Compensation Strategies with Our Corporate Strategic
Framework 36 Elements of NEO Compensation 36 Process for Setting Executive Compensation 38 Use of Market Data 38 Establishing Performance Targets 39 2021 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 39 Base Salary 39 2021 Annual Cash Incentive Awards 40 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards 47 Other Elements of Compensation 51 GOVERNANCE POLICIES UNDERPINNING OUR COMPENSATION FRAMEWORK 55 Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines 55 Hedging and Pledging Prohibitions 56 Clawback Policy 56 Compensation Risk Assessment 56 PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    i Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 56 Other Compensation 56 Tax Implications of Our Executive Compensation Program 57 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 58 Summary Compensation Table 58 Grants of Plan-Based Awards During 2021 61 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
2021 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2021 65 Pension Benefits in 2021 65 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2021 69 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL OF PPL CORPORATION 71 Change-in-Control Benefits 71 Payment Triggers and Benefits 71 Defined Terms under Change-in-Control Agreements 72 Additional Benefits 72 Termination Benefits 73 Severance 73 Annual Cash Incentive Awards 73 Long-term Incentive Awards 73 Summary of Benefits-Termination Events 74 CEO PAY RATIO 79 PROPOSAL 
3: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Page 80 Fees to Independent Auditor for 2021 and 2020 80 Report of the Audit Committee 81 GENERAL INFORMATION Page 83 ANNEX A Page A-1 Website References Throughout this proxy statement, we identify certain materials that are available in full on our website. The information contained on, or available through PPL’s
internet website is not and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. Forward-looking Statements and Non-GAAP Financial Measures This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “believe,” “expect,” “plans,” “intends,” “may,” “strategy,” “target,” “goals,”
“anticipate,” and other similar words, and include, without limitation, statements regarding the acquisition of The Narragansett Electric Company, and the anticipated effects of that transaction. These statements are subject to certain
risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Such risks include those contained in PPL’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and other documents PPL files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks are not comprehensive and given these and other possible risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Any forward-looking statements made by PPL speak only as of the date on which they are made. PPL is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise. This proxy statement, including the “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” section, contains references to “earnings or net income from ongoing operations” of PPL. This is a measure of financial performance used by PPL, among other things, in making incentive compensation grants and
awards to executive officers. It is not, however, a financial measure prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure adjusts “net income”
(which is a GAAP financial measure) for certain special items, with further adjustments for compensation purposes. For a reconciliation of net income from ongoing operations to net income, as well as a description and itemization of the special
items and other adjustments used to derive net income from ongoing operations for PPL and each of its business segments for compensation purposes, please see Annex A to this proxy statement. ii    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary This summary highlights information found elsewhere in this proxy statement. It does not contain all of the information you should consider in voting your shares. Please
refer to the complete proxy statement and 2021 Annual Report before you vote. We first released this proxy statement and the accompanying proxy materials to
shareowners on or about April 6, 2022. Voting Matters and Board Voting Recommendations Election of Directors ... Page 5 . ✓ Your Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee. Management Proposals •  Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named
executive officers ... Page 28 . •  Ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent
auditor for 2022 ... Page 80 . ✓ Your Board recommends a vote FOR both proposals. Performance Highlights for 2021 #1 Most Trusted Net-zero Leader Ranked highest in business and residential customer satisfaction in region/segment (Kentucky Utilities and PPL Electric Utilities) 1 Named Most Trusted Utility Brands by Escalent after nationwide survey (Kentucky Utilities and PPL Electric Utilities) Set net-zero by 2050 greenhouse gas emissions goal, with interim reduction targets of 80% of 2010 
levels by 2040 and 70% by 2035 Named best place to work for LGBTQ equality and disability inclusion 2 and Trendsetter by the CPA-Zicklin Index for corporate political transparency $2 billion $2.3 billion $3.5 billion $50 million Executed $2 billion in infrastructure investments to build smarter, more dynamic, more resilient energy networks Returned $2.3 billion to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases Reduced holding company debt by $3.5 billion, resulting in one of the strongest balance sheets in the U.S. utility sector Announced commitment of more than $50 million in new investments to help accelerate low-carbon technologies See page 30 for additional information on PPL’s performance highlights for 2021. 1 Based on independent, nationwide surveys of residential and business customer satisfaction. 2 Based on perfect scores on the equality indices as determined by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation and Disability:IN. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    1 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Director Nominees Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Committee Memberships (1) Arthur P. Beattie 67 2020 Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer, The Southern Company X AC, EC, FC Raja Rajamannar 60 2011 Chief Marketing & Communications Officer and President, Healthcare, MasterCard Incorporated X CC, GNSC Heather B. Redman 57 2021 Co-Founder and Managing Partner, Flying Fish Partners X AC, FC Craig A. Rogerson 65 2005 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Hexion Holdings Corporation and Hexion Inc. Independent Chair of the Board CC, EC Vincent Sorgi 50 2020 President and Chief Executive Officer, PPL Corporation Management Director EC Natica von Althann 71 2009 Former financial and risk executive at Bank of America and Citigroup X CC, EC, FC Keith H. Williamson 69 2005 President, Centene Charitable Foundation, and former Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Centene Corporation X AC, GNSC Phoebe A. Wood 68 2018 Principal of CompaniesWood and former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation X AC, EC, GNSC Armando Zagalo de Lima 63 2014 Retired Executive Vice President, Xerox Corporation X EC, FC, GNSC (1) Board Committees: AC – Audit    CC – Compensation    EC –
Executive    FC – Finance    GNSC – Governance, Nominating and Sustainability For more detailed information as to individual nominees, please see “Proposal 1: Election of Directors” beginning on
page 5. 2    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Executive Compensation
Program Overview Our executive compensation program reflects the company’s ongoing commitment to pay for
performance. The compensation of our named executive officers, or NEOs, is aligned with our corporate strategic framework, which links executive compensation with the interests of our shareowners. In 2021, 85% of the Chief Executive Officer’s
(CEO) target compensation opportunity was “at-risk” and 72% was performance-based. CEO’s 2021 Target Total Direct Compensation Mix Compensation Element Features for 2021 Base Salary •  Reviewed annually •  Compensation Committee applies judgment
in setting salary to reflect performance, experience and responsibility, and also considers market data Annual Cash Incentive •  Paid in cash •  Combination of corporate and business
segment financial and operational performance, as well as individual performance •  Capped at two times target payout for top performance Long-term Equity Incentives (LTI) Performance Units Based on TSR and ROE 80% of LTI •  Payable in shares of PPL common stock •  Payout range from 0% to 200% of target,
subject to certification of performance at the end of the up to three-year performance period •  Dividends accrue quarterly in the form of additional performance units, and vest according to the applicable
level of achievement of the performance goal, if any TSR-based Performance Units (50% of Performance Units) •  Based on three-year total shareowner
return (TSR) performance relative to the PHLX Utility Sector Index (UTY) ROE-based Performance Units (50% of Performance Units) •  For 2021 only, as a result of the planned sale of WPD, the performance period was one year based on
PPL’s annual corporate return on equity (ROE) for 2021, with a three-year restriction period Restricted Stock Units 20% of LTI •  Payable in shares of PPL common stock •  Restricted for three years following
grant •  Dividends accrue quarterly in
the form of additional restricted stock units, but are not paid unless and until underlying award vests Other Elements •  Limited perquisites •  Retirement plans •  Deferred compensation
plans PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    3 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Pay for Performance For 2021, we based performance-related compensation for the NEOs primarily on (1) corporate net income from ongoing operations as adjusted for compensation purposes,
or Corporate Net Income, (2) net income from ongoing operations of each business segment as adjusted for compensation purposes, (3) corporate and business segment operational goals, (4) individual performance, (5) relative TSR,
and (6) corporate ROE. All of our goals align with our commitment to shareowners to create long-term value for shareowners. Our 2021 performance resulted in: • Annual cash incentive award payouts ranging from 167.98% to 187.56% of target. • 2019-2021 performance awards were paid out at 100% of target in the aggregate. • TSR-based performance units, which comprised 40% of the total LTI grants made to our
NEOs in 2019, were forfeited due to performance below threshold level for the 2019-2021 performance period. • ROE-based performance units, which comprised 40% of the total LTI grants made to our
NEOs in 2019, paid out at 200% of target for the 2019-2021 performance period. Corporate Governance Highlights • To reflect its commitment to diversity, the Board amended the company’s Guidelines for Corporate Governance in
January 2021 to require the pool of candidates considered by the Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee to include qualified persons who reflect diverse backgrounds, including diversity of gender and race or ethnicity and if any
third-party search firm is used, it will be specifically instructed to include such candidates. • Effective March 1, 2021, the Board appointed Mr. Rogerson to be its independent Chair. • Effective October 11, 2021, the Board elected Ms. Redman to the Board as an independent director. Ms. Redman
is Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Flying Fish Partners, a venture capital firm investing in early-stage artificial intelligence and machine learning startups, including energy-related applications, and has
expertise in disruptive technologies, emerging regulation and evolving public policy, energy development and energy technology. • In October 2021, the company published its Employer Information Report EEO-1 Consolidated Report for each of 2019 and 2020 on its website. • In November 2021, the company published its latest comprehensive climate assessment report, which is available on PPL’s
website. • In addition to changes highlighted during 2021, effective January 28, 2022, the Governance and Nominating Committee
changed its name to Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee to better reflect the sustainability responsibilities of the company overseen by that committee. The committee also revised its Charter to add oversight of the company’s
corporate political activity, with such oversight to include receiving reports at least annually as to political spending and related activities by the company, if any. • Also, effective January 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee revised its Charter to add that it would periodically
review and assess the company’s strategy for human capital management. 4    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS What are you voting on? The Board of Directors is asking you to elect the nine director nominees listed below to hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Shareowners. Each nominee elected as a director will continue in office until the
director’s successor has been elected and qualified, or until the director’s earlier death, resignation or retirement. The Board of Directors has no reason to believe that any of the nominees will become unavailable for election. If, however, any nominee
should become unavailable prior to the Annual Meeting, the accompanying proxy will be voted for the election of such other person as the Board of Directors may recommend in place of that nominee. The proxies appointed by the Board of Directors
intend to vote the proxy for the election of each of the nominees unless you indicate otherwise on the proxy or ballot card. In compliance with the company’s Guidelines for Corporate Governance , Steven G. Elliott was not renominated and will continue to serve on the Board until immediately prior to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, which follows his 75 th birthday. Mr. Elliott served as the Chair of the Audit Committee until March 1, 2022 and is a member of the Audit and Finance Committees. We thank Mr. Elliott for his effective and
thoughtful service to our company. At the time of the meeting, the Board size will be reduced from the current ten to nine directors consistent with the number of nominees. Additionally, the Board carefully considered the lower level of support for Mr. Rogerson in 2021. It has taken steps to address certain investors’ concerns
underlying that vote, including the adoption of the company’s net-zero greenhouse gas emissions goal in August of 2021, the November 2021 publication of its latest comprehensive climate assessment report, as well as the enhancement of the
responsibilities overseen by the now-renamed Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee, as detailed in this Proxy Statement. The Board also took into account Mr. Rogerson’s 100% attendance record in 2021 for all Board and Committee
meetings following his medical leave due to COVID-19 in 2020. The table below summarizes, in no particular order, the primary experiences, qualifications and skills
that our nominees for director bring to the Board. Qualifications and Skills Global Business Perspective ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Risk Management ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Regulated Industry ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Customer Relationships and Marketing ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Operations Experience ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Finance and Accounting ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Technology/Cybersecurity ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Environmental/Sustainability ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Senior Executive Leadership ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    5 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The table below reflects how each nominee has self-identified certain demographic attributes. Demographic Attributes Tenure (Years)* 1 10 0 16 1 12 16 4 7 Age (Years)* 67 60 57 65 50 71 69 68 63 Gender M M F M M F M F M Race/Ethnicity African American/Black ✓ Asian ✓ Cuban
American/Hispanic ✓ White ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Nationality - Portuguese ✓ * Tenure (based on anniversary date) and age as of April 6, 2022 6    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR ARTHUR P. BEATTIE Age: 67 Director since: 2020 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Audit (Chair) •   Executive •   Finance Professional Experience: • Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer (2010–2018), The Southern Company, an
American gas and electric utility holding company based in the southern United States (Southern) • Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2005-2010), Alabama Power Company, a utility subsidiary of Southern • Prior to 2005, served in various executive, officer and management positions for nearly three decades at Alabama Power
Company, including as a Vice President, Comptroller and Treasurer • Serves as an independent director of Southwest Water Company Experience and Qualifications: With over 42 years of experience in the
utility industry, and having served as chief financial officer and chief risk officer of a publicly traded utility holding company, Mr. Beattie brings to our Board a wealth of knowledge regarding the regulated utility industry as to debt and
equity capital markets, financial planning and reporting, and enterprise risk management. He has industry experience in mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, and has served in various leadership positions on diverse Southern operating subsidiaries
and charitable foundations. Mr. Beattie also has public board experience, having served on the board of Emageon, Inc. as an independent director and Chair of its Audit Committee before the company was acquired in 2009. RAJA RAJAMANNAR Age: 60 Director since: 2011 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Compensation •   Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Professional Experience: • Chief Marketing & Communications Officer and President, Healthcare (2016–present), and Chief Marketing Officer
(2013–2016), MasterCard Incorporated, a technology company in the global payments industry • Executive Vice President, Senior Business, and Chief Transformation Officer of WellPoint, Inc. (2012–2013) • Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation and Marketing Officer for Humana Inc. (2009–2012) • Various senior management marketing and sales positions with Citigroup (1994–2009) • Various sales and product management roles with Unilever (1988–1994) Experience and Qualifications: With years of demonstrated leadership and
business experience in a variety of regulated industry and international positions, Mr. Rajamannar brings to our Board valuable insight into global organizational and operational management, as well as marketing, data and digital technologies
expertise. He also specialized in environmental management as a part of his post graduate studies. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    7 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HEATHER B. REDMAN Age: 57 Director since: 2021 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Audit •   Finance Other Public Directorships: •   Brooklyn ImmunoTherapeutics,
Inc. Professional Experience: • Co-Founder and Managing Partner (2016-present), Flying Fish Partners, a venture
capital firm investing in early stage artificial intelligence and machine learning startups, including energy-related applications • Vice President of Business Operations (2014-2017), Indix Corporation, a big data artificial intelligence startup • Principal and Senior Vice President (2001-2014), Summit Power Group, a leading developer of clean energy projects • Served in executive leadership positions with Atom Entertainment, PhotoDisc and Getty Images • Member of the North American Advisory Board for The Hawthorn Club, an international network for executive women in the
energy industry, and serves on several nonpublic boards, including Beneficial State Bank and the Washington State University Board of Regents and Foundation Experience and Qualifications: With her extensive technology, energy and
finance background and demonstrated leadership, Ms. Redman brings to our Board a wealth of experience in these areas, as well as in emerging regulation and evolving public policy, and expertise in disruptive technologies. CRAIG A. ROGERSON Age: 65 Director since: 2005 Independent Director Chair of the Board Board Committees: •   Compensation •   Executive (Chair) Form er Public Directorships
within the Last Five Years: •   Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (2019-January 2021) •   Chemtura Corporation (2008-2017) Professional Experience: • Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (July 1, 2019–present), Hexion Holdings Corporation, and continues to
serve as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (2017–present), Hexion Inc., a global producer of thermoset resins as well as other chemical platforms serving a wide range of market applications. In April 2019, Hexion Inc. filed for
reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and successfully emerged in July 2019. • Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (2008–2017), Chemtura Corporation, a global manufacturer and marketer
of specialty chemicals • President, Chief Executive Officer and director, Hercules Incorporated (2003–2008) • Serves as a director for: American Chemistry Council; Society of Chemical Industry; Pancreatic Cancer Action Network;
Advisory Board of the Chemical Engineering & Materials Science College and College of Engineering Alumni Board of Michigan State University Experience and Qualifications: With years of demonstrated managerial ability
as a CEO of large global chemical manufacturing companies, Mr. Rogerson brings to our Board significant organizational, operational and risk management expertise, as well as extensive environmental oversight and board leadership experience. 8    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS VINCENT SORGI Age: 50 Director since: 2020 Management Director Board Committees: •   Executive Professional Experience: • President and Chief Executive Officer (June 2020-present), PPL Corporation • President and Chief Operating Officer (July 2019-May 2020), Executive Vice President
(January 2019-June 2019) and Chief Financial Officer (2014-2019), Senior Vice President (2014-2019) and Vice President and Controller (2010-2014), PPL Corporation; Controller for PPL’s former energy supply and marketing segment (2007-2010) and
financial director of the former PPL Generation subsidiary (2006-2007) • Prior to joining PPL, worked for Public Service Enterprise Group for nine years and prior to that, Deloitte &
Touche LLP for four years • Member, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants • Serves as a director for the Electric Power Research Institute, the Edison Electric Institute, St. Luke’s Health
Network and Da Vinci Science Center Experience and Qualifications: With more than 25 years of experience in the utility industry, Mr. Sorgi brings to our Board extensive finance and accounting expertise, providing valuable insight into the areas of finance, accounting and controls.
He also provides a wealth of knowledge on strategy, risk management, financial planning, and mergers and acquisitions from a utility industry perspective. NATICA VON ALTHANN Age: 71 Director since: 2009 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Compensation (Chair) •   Executive •   Finance Other Public Directorships: •   FuelCell Energy, Inc. Professional Experience: • Independent director for several public and private companies • Founding Partner (2009–2013), C&A Advisors, a consulting firm in the areas of financial services and risk
management • Retired Senior Credit Risk Management Executive, Bank of America after U.S. Trust was acquired by Bank of America
(2007–2008); retired Chief Credit Officer, U.S. Trust (2003–2008) • 26 years at Citigroup in various senior management roles including managing director and co-head of Citigroup’s U.S. Telecommunications – Technology group, managing director and global industry head of the Retail and Apparel group and division executive and market region head for Latin
America in the Citigroup private banking group • Director, TD Bank US Holding Company and its two bank subsidiaries, TD Bank, N.A. and TD Bank USA, N.A. Experience and Qualifications: With her extensive
background in the banking industry, including operating responsibilities and senior management experience for international businesses, Ms. von Althann brings to our Board a wealth of knowledge regarding organizational and operational
management from a regulated industry perspective, as well as financial and risk management expertise. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    9 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS KEITH H. WILLIAMSON Age: 69 Director since: 2005 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Audit •   Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Professional Experience: • President, Centene Charitable Foundation (2020–present) • Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel (2012–2020), Centene Corporation, a provider of managed
healthcare services, primarily through Medicaid, commercial and Medicare products • Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Centene Corporation (2006–2012) • President, Capital Services Division, Pitney Bowes Inc. (1999–2006) and various positions in tax, finance and legal
groups, including oversight of the treasury function and rating agency activity (1988–1998) Experience and Qualifications: With decades of demonstrated leadership and
international business experience in a variety of industry positions with publicly traded companies, Mr. Williamson brings to our Board a combination of general business and finance experience, including from a regulated industry, as well as
customer relationship expertise. PHOEBE A. WOOD Age: 68 Director since: 2018 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Audit •   Executive •   Governance, Nominating and Sustainability (Chair) Other Public Directorships: •   Invesco Ltd. •   Leggett & Platt, Incorporated •   Pioneer Natural Resources Company Professional Experience: • Principal (2008–present), CompaniesWood, a consulting firm specializing in early-stage investments • Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (2006-2008) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(2001–2006), Brown-Forman Corporation • Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and director, Propel Corporation (2000–2001) • Almost 24-year tenure at Atlantic Richfield Corporation in various financial
management capacities Experience and Qualifications: With her extensive experience as a financial executive, including in the energy industry, and board service with publicly traded companies in other industries, Ms. Wood brings to our Board a wealth of experience in finance, accounting,
strategic planning, capital markets and risk management. She has been actively engaged in environmental, health and safety matters through work experience and through board oversight. She has also overseen management of information technology.
Through her longstanding experience on various public company boards, Ms. Wood has been actively involved with sustainability reporting, ESG ratings and has served on several panels regarding sustainability topics. 10    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ARMANDO ZAGALO DE LIMA Age: 63 Director since: 2014 Independent Director Board Committees: •   Executive •   Finance (Chair) •   Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Professional Experience: • Retired Executive Vice President (2010–2015), Xerox Corporation, a multinational enterprise for business process and
document management • President, Xerox Technology (2012–2014) • President of Global Customer Operations (2010–2012), Xerox Corporation • President (2004–2010) and Chief Operating Officer (2001–2004), Xerox Europe • Various sales, marketing and management positions for Xerox across Europe (1983–2001) Experience and Qualifications: Having served as a senior executive of a
public technology company, Mr. Zagalo de Lima provides critical insight to our Board in emerging technologies and services, customer service and global business operations and associated risks in these areas. *    *    * Vote Required for Approval. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, in person or by proxy, by all shareowners voting as a single class, is
required to elect each director. For more information about voting, see “General Information – What vote is needed for these proposals to be adopted?” beginning at page 87. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each nominee included in Proposal 1 PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    11 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY BOARD OF DIRECTORS Attendance. The Board of Directors met nine
times during 2021. Each director attended at least 75% of the meetings held in 2021 by the Board and the committees on which the director served during the period of director service. The average attendance of directors at Board and committee
meetings held during 2021 was 99%. Directors are expected to attend all meetings of shareowners, the Board and the committees on which they serve. All of our directors attended the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, except for Ms. Redman, who
did not join the Board until October 11, 2021. Independence of
Directors. The Board has established guidelines to assist it in determining director independence, which conform to the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, listing
standards. In addition to applying these guidelines, which are available in the Corporate Governance section of our website ( www.pplweb.com/governance ), the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances in making an independence determination, including transactions and relationships between each director or members of the directors’ immediate family and the
company and its subsidiaries. The Board determined that nine directors, constituting all of PPL’s non-employee directors, are independent from the company and management pursuant to its independence
guidelines: Messrs. Beattie, Elliott, Rajamannar, Rogerson, Williamson and Zagalo de Lima, and Mses. Redman, von 
Althann and Wood. Executive Sessions; Independent Chair of the
Board . The independent directors meet in regular executive sessions during each regularly scheduled Board meeting without management present. From January 1, 2021 through
February 28, 2021, former director John W. Conway, as the independent Lead Director of the Board, presided over these executive sessions. Effective March 1, 2021, Mr. Rogerson was appointed by the Board as its independent Chair
of the Board, and he now leads the executive sessions. Board Leadership
Structure. Consistent with its commitment to regularly evaluate its leadership structure, effective March 1, 2021, the Board appointed Mr. Rogerson as the independent Chair of the Board upon
the retirement of Mr. Spence as non-executive Chairman of the Board. From 2011 through February 28, 2021, Mr. Conway served as independent Lead Director. Since the appointment of
Mr. Rogerson as the independent Chair of the Board, there is no longer a lead director and Mr. Conway retired from the Board in May 2021. At this
time, the Board believes it is most effective for PPL to have an independent Chair. Mr. Rogerson has substantial knowledge of our company through his longstanding service on our Board and significant organizational, operational and risk
management expertise, as well as extensive environmental oversight and board leadership experience. Mr. Rogerson, having served with four different CEOs, as well as different management teams during his tenure, has provided continuity and
leadership to each CEO. In addition, PPL has been active in strategic acquisitions and divestitures over the past decade. Having a Chair with Mr. Rogerson’s institutional knowledge and proven track record has been instrumental in smoothly
executing these strategic transactions. There has been significant and ongoing refreshment among our Board members. Maintaining an appropriate blend of seasoned and
less tenured directors provides valuable perspectives, including when considering long-term strategy and decisions. Based on these facts and circumstances, the Board is confident that Mr. Rogerson offers valuable insight of an independent
outside director who also has a deep understanding of our business and brings a wealth of experience and unique perspective regarding changes to our company and within our industry. The Board will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board’s leadership structure, including a review of the need or desire for an independent Chair, on at
least an annual basis, and will make any future decisions based upon the best interests of the company and its shareowners at that time. The Board believes the company and its shareowners are best served by maintaining the flexibility for the Board
to determine who should serve in the roles of Chair and CEO, and whether those roles should be combined or separated. Board and Committee Evaluations. Annually, the Board and each committee, other than the Executive Committee, evaluate Board and committee performance. We
use a director questionnaire to facilitate the annual evaluation of topics such as Board dynamics, Board and committee effectiveness and engagement, assessment of director performance, access to management, agenda requests and the like, encouraging
a broad range of commentary from each director. The Board Chair reviews the results and shares them with the entire Board in executive session at the next Board meeting. Each committee conducts its own annual assessment as well. 12    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Guidelines for Corporate Governance. The full text of our Guidelines for Corporate Governance can be found in the Corporate Governance section of
our website ( www.pplweb.com/governance ). Communications with the Board. Shareowners or other parties interested in communicating with the Board, the independent Chair, any Board member
or with the independent directors as a group may write to the person or persons at the following address: c/o Corporate Secretary’s
Office PPL Corporation Two North Ninth Street Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 The Corporate Secretary’s
Office assists the Board with all correspondence, including providing communications to Board members where appropriate, with the general exception of ordinary course business communications from customers and vendors, commercial solicitations,
advertisements or obvious “junk” mail. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or financial statement fraud are to be brought immediately to the attention of the Corporate Audit group and are handled in accordance with
procedures established by the Audit Committee with respect to such matters. Code of
Ethics. We maintain a code of business conduct and ethics, our Standards of Integrity, which is applicable to all Board members and employees of the company and its subsidiaries, including the
principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and the principal accounting officer of the company. You can find the full text of the Standards of Integrity in the Corporate Governance section of our website ( www.pplweb.com/governance ). PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    13 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Shareowner
Engagement. We engage with our shareowners throughout the year in a variety of forums involving our directors, senior management, investor relations group, sustainability officer and legal department.
We meet with our shareowners in person, by telephone or videoconference and at external venues, and attend conferences and other forums at which shareowners are present. During 2021, the Chair of the Board joined management in its outreach with our
larger investors. Our engagement covers a broad range of governance and business topics, including business strategy and execution, board composition and refreshment, executive compensation practices, risk oversight, climate change, sustainability,
employee engagement and culture and workforce development. These meaningful exchanges provide us with a valuable understanding of our shareowners’ perspectives as well as an opportunity to share our views with shareowners. In response to our
ongoing engagement with shareowners and the Board’s ongoing assessment and oversight of climate-related matters, the company announced in August 2021 that it had set a net-zero by 2050 greenhouse gas
emissions goal, with interim reduction targets of 80% of 2010 levels by 2040 and 70% by 2035. 14    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY BOARD COMMITTEES The Board of Directors has five standing committees: Audit Committee; Compensation Committee; Executive Committee; Finance Committee; and Governance, Nominating and
Sustainability Committee. Each non-employee director usually serves on one or more committees. Except for the Executive
Committee, all of our committees are composed entirely of independent directors under the listing standards of the NYSE and the company’s standards of independence described under the heading “Independence of Directors.” In addition,
all members of the Audit Committee qualify as “audit committee financial experts.” (See the biographies of our Audit Committee members within Proposal 1.) Each committee has a charter, all of which are available in the Corporate Governance
section of the company’s website ( www.pplweb.com/governance ). The following table shows the directors who are currently members or chairs of each of the standing Board Committees and the number of meetings each committee held in
2021. Board Committee Membership Director Audit Compensation Executive Finance Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Arthur P. Beattie (1) (2) I Chair ✓ ✓ Steven G. Elliott (1) (3) I ✓ ✓ Raja Rajamannar I ✓ ✓ Heather B. Redman (1) (4) I ✓ ✓ Craig A. Rogerson (5) I/ ● ✓ Chair Vincent Sorgi (6) ✓ Natica von Althann (7) I Chair ✓ ✓ Keith H. Williamson (1) I ✓ ✓ Phoebe A. Wood (1) I ✓ ✓ Chair Armando Zagalo de Lima (8) I ✓ Chair ✓ Number of Meetings in
2021 5 5 2 5 4 I Independent Director ● Chair of the Board (1) Designated as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or SEC. (2) Joined the Finance Committee on March 1, 2021, became Chair of the Audit Committee on March 1, 2022 and joined
the Executive Committee on March 1, 2022. (3) Served as Chair of the Audit Committee through February 2022. (4) Joined the Audit Committee and Finance Committee on October 11, 2021. (5) Became independent Chair of the Board and Chair of the Executive
Committee on March 1, 2021; previously served as Chair of the Compensation Committee. (6) Joined the Executive Committee on March 12, 2021. (7) Became Chair of the Compensation Committee on March 1, 2021;
previously served as Chair of the Finance Committee. (8) Joined and became Chair of the Finance Committee on March 1, 2021. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    15 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Principal Functions of Each Committee The following table describes the principal functions of each committee. Committee Principal Function Audit Committee •  Oversee: •  the integrity of the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries; •  the effectiveness of the company’s
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; •  the identification, assessment and management of risk; •  the company’s compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements and the company’s compliance and ethics program; •  the independent registered public accounting firm’s, or “independent auditor’s,”
qualifications, independence and selection; and •  the performance of the company’s independent auditor and internal audit function. Compensation Committee •  Oversee the company’s executive compensation philosophy, policies and programs and how these policies
and programs align with the company’s overall business strategy; •  Periodically review and assess the company’s strategy for human capital management; •  Oversee management’s executive
officer succession planning; •  Discuss
results of annual say-on-pay vote and periodically recommend the frequency of such vote; •  Review and evaluate the performance of the CEO and other executive officers of the company, including setting
goals and objectives, and approving their compensation, including incentive awards; •  Review and approve the stock ownership requirements for the company’s directors and executive
officers; •  Review the fees and other
compensation paid to outside directors for their services on the Board and its committees; and •  Undertake independence and conflicts of interest assessments of its compensation consultant. Executive Committee •  Exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors during periods between Board meetings, with the
exception of: •  submission to
shareowners of any action requiring approval of shareowners; •  creation or filling of vacancies on the Board; •  changing the membership of and filling
of vacancies on any committee of the Board; •  adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws; •  amendment or repeal of any resolution of
the Board that by its terms is amendable or repealable only by the Board; •  action on matters committed by the Bylaws or resolution of the Board exclusively to another committee of the
Board; and •  taking any action as may
not be exercised by a committee under the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law or the Bylaws. 16    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Committee Principal Function Finance Committee •  Review and approve annually the business plan, which includes the annual financing plan, as well as the
capital expenditure plan for the company and its subsidiaries; •  Approve third-party financing transactions, guarantees or other credit or liquidity support in excess of
$50 million, to the extent not contemplated by the annual financing plan approved by the Finance Committee; •  Approve reductions of the outstanding securities of the company in excess of $100 million; •  Authorize capital expenditures in excess
of $100 million; •  Authorize
acquisitions and dispositions in excess of $100 million; and •  Review, approve and monitor the policies and practices of the company and its subsidiaries in managing
financial risk. Governance, Nominating and Sustainability
Committee (GNSC) (Name revised from Governance and Nominating
Committee, effective January 28, 2022, to better reflect its sustainability responsibilities) •  Oversee corporate governance for the company; •  Oversee the company’s practices and
positions to further its sustainability strategy and corporate governance, including specific environmental and corporate social responsibility initiatives; •  Provide oversight of the company’s corporate political activity, with such oversight to include
receiving reports at least annually as to political spending and related activities by the company, if any; •  Conduct a reasonable prior review, and provide oversight of, any related-person transactions consistent with
the company’s Related-Person Transaction Policy; •  Establish and administer programs for evaluating the performance of Board members and committees; •  Recommend to the Board any changes in
size or composition of the Board; •  Recommend to the Board the composition of each committee of the Board; and •  Identify and recommend to the Board
candidates for election to the Board. Compensation Processes and Procedures The Compensation Committee undertakes to compensate executive officers effectively and in a manner consistent with our stated compensation and corporate strategies. The
Compensation Committee has the exclusive authority to grant equity awards to executive officers and delegates specified administrative functions to certain officers, including the CEO and the Chief Human Resources Officer, or CHRO. The Compensation
Committee has strategic and administrative responsibilities with respect to our executive compensation arrangements, including: • reviewing and approving the design of the executive compensation program and practices; • monitoring new rules and regulations and assessing evolving best practices concerning executive compensation; • determining the elements of compensation and the financial and other metrics to be used to measure performance for the
upcoming year; • setting annual goals and targets for each executive officer, including the NEOs; • evaluating the performance and leadership of the CEO, seeking input from all independent directors, and reviewing the
performance of the other executive officers against their established goals and objectives; and • determining and approving the annual compensation of the executive officers based on such evaluations. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    17 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY The Compensation Committee has retained Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc., or FW Cook, as its
independent compensation consultant to assist the committee in determining whether the company’s executive compensation program is reasonable and consistent with competitive practices. FW Cook provides advice and counsel on executive and
director compensation matters and provides information and advice regarding market trends, competitive compensation programs and strategies including: • Reporting regularly on current trends in utility industry executive compensation and providing data analyses, market
assessments or other information as requested to assist in the administration of the executive compensation programs. • Providing a detailed analysis of competitive pay levels and practices to the Compensation Committee, which the Compensation
Committee uses to understand current market practices when it assesses performance and considers salary levels and incentive awards at its January meeting following the conclusion of the performance year. • Reviewing the pay program for the company’s non-employee directors relative to
a group of utility companies and to a broad spectrum of general industry companies. • Providing a review of compensation for the executive officer positions at PPL, including each of the NEOs. This review
includes information for both utility and general industry and results in a report on the compensation of executive officers and competitive market data. A detailed discussion of the competitive market comparison process is provided in the
CD&A, beginning on page 29. Although the Compensation Committee considers analysis and advice from its independent consultant when making
compensation decisions for the CEO and other NEOs, the committee uses its own independent judgment in making final decisions concerning compensation paid to all executive officers, including the CEO and other NEOs. FW Cook and its affiliates did not provide any services to the company or any of the company’s affiliates other than advising the Compensation Committee on
executive officer and director compensation during 2021. In addition, the Compensation Committee annually evaluates whether any work provided by FW Cook may present a conflict of interest and determined that there was no conflict of interest for
2021. The Compensation Committee can also seek the input of management to inform decision-making. Each year, senior management develops a strategic business plan,
which includes recommendations on the proposed goals for the annual cash incentive and long-term incentive programs. The Compensation Committee takes this into account when establishing and setting all incentive goals for executive officers. No individual is present when matters pertaining to their own compensation are being discussed, and neither the CEO nor any of the other executive officers discusses
their own compensation with the Compensation Committee or the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant. CEO and Other Management Succession At least annually, consistent with its charter, the Compensation Committee reviews the company’s plan for
management succession, both in the ordinary course of business and in response to emergency situations, recognizing the importance of continuity of leadership to ensure a smooth transition for its employees, customers and shareowners. As part of
this process, the Compensation Committee reviews the top and emerging talent internally, their level of readiness and development needs. This process is conducted not only for the CEO position but also for other critical senior level positions in
the company. The Compensation Committee also reviews external successor candidates for the CEO position, with assistance periodically from an independent third-party consultant. On April 12, 2021, Gregory N. Dudkin, who had been serving as the President of the company’s subsidiary, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation, was named Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the company. On April 12, 2021, Wendy E. Stark joined the company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and Corporate Secretary. Effective the same date, Joanne H. Raphael, the former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, became Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer (CLO) until her retirement on June 1,
2021. Effective January 1, 2022, Ms. Stark was also named CLO. 18    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY Director Nomination Process and Proxy Access The GNSC establishes guidelines for new directors and evaluates director candidates. In its evaluation, the GNSC will consider the qualifications, qualities and skills of
director candidates as outlined in our Guidelines for Corporate Governance , including: • strong personal and professional ethics, high standards of integrity and values, independence of thought and judgment and
who have senior corporate leadership experience; • prior business experience at a senior executive level; • diverse experience relevant to serving on the Board, such as financial, operating, executive management, technology and
regulated industry experience; • a broad range of demonstrated abilities and accomplishments beyond corporate leadership, including the skill and expertise
sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance with respect to all of the company’s operations and interests; and • capability to devote the required amount of time to serve effectively, including preparation time and attendance at Board,
committee and shareowner meetings. To reflect its commitment to diversity, the Board amended the Guidelines for Corporate Governance in
January 2021 to require the pool of candidates considered by the GNSC to include qualified persons who reflect diverse backgrounds, including diversity of gender and race or ethnicity and if any third-party search firm is used, it will be
specifically instructed to include such candidates. The GNSC will assess the effectiveness of this policy as part of its annual review of the Guidelines for Corporate Governance . Requests to be considered for election as a director may be made by the Board of Directors, the GNSC or any shareowner entitled to vote in the election of directors
generally. The GNSC screens all candidates in the same manner regardless of the source of the recommendation. When considering whether the Board’s directors and
nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the company’s business and structure, the Board focused primarily on
the information discussed in each of the Board members’ biographical information set forth beginning on page 7, their past contributions to the company’s success and their expected future engagement and contributions in furtherance of
PPL’s strategic goals. If the GNSC or management identifies a need to add a new Board member to contribute a particular skill or attribute or to fill a vacancy,
the GNSC may retain a third-party search firm to identify a candidate or candidates. The GNSC also seeks prospective nominees through personal referrals and independent inquiries by directors. Once the GNSC has identified a prospective nominee, it
generally requests the third-party search firm to gather additional information about the prospective nominee’s background and experience. The Chair of the Board, the CEO, the Chair of the GNSC and other members of the GNSC, as well as
additional directors, if available, then interview the prospective candidate. After completing the interview and evaluation process, which includes evaluating the prospective nominee against the standards and qualifications set out in the
company’s Guidelines for Corporate Governance , the GNSC makes a recommendation to the full Board as to any persons who should be nominated by the Board. The Board then votes on whether to approve the nominee after considering the
recommendation and report of the GNSC. As a result of this process, the GNSC recommended that Ms. Redman be nominated by the Board, and the Board elected Ms. Redman effective October 11, 2021. The Board of Directors adopted proxy access in 2015. Pursuant to the company’s Bylaws, a shareowner, or a group of up to 25 shareowners, owning 3% or more of
PPL’s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate, and include in PPL’s proxy materials, directors constituting up to the greater of (1) 20% of the Board or (2) two directors, provided that the
shareowner(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Shareowners interested in recommending nominees for directors should submit their
recommendations in writing to: Corporate Secretary PPL Corporation Two North Ninth Street Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    19 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY In order to be considered, we must generally receive nominations by shareowners not less than
90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the Annual Meeting. In order to be included in our proxy statement under the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws for the 2023 Annual Meeting, the company must receive the nominations no earlier than
November 7, 2022 and no later than December 7, 2022. The nominations must also contain the information required by our Bylaws, such as the name and address
of the shareowner making the nomination and of the proposed nominees and certain other information concerning the shareowner and the nominee. The exact procedures for making nominations are included in our Bylaws, which can be found at the Corporate
Governance section of our website ( www.pplweb.com/governance ) . In addition to
satisfying the foregoing requirements under PPL’s Bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy rules (once effective), shareowners who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the company’s nominees must provide
notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, no later than March 19, 2023. Chair of the Board Succession Annually, the GNSC reviews a succession plan for the chair of the board, and if applicable, the lead director position. The review covers key skills and competencies of
the chair or lead director roles, as applicable, the risk of loss of the current chair, an assessment of the current board members relative to key skills and competencies and the identification of potential chair successors. As part of the regular
review of attributes and skills for any potential director candidate, the GNSC also considers whether that candidate might qualify as a future chair or lead director in the succession pipeline. 20    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY THE BOARD’S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT Overview. The Board, together with its committees, oversees the company’s risk management practices with the aid and input of our senior management
and professional advisors. The Board regularly reviews the material risks associated with the company’s business plans and activities as part of its consideration of the ongoing operations and strategic direction of the company. Throughout 2021, the Board exercised continuous oversight of the company’s strategy and response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
receiving frequent updates from management. These updates and regular discussions provided the Board with opportunities to effectively exercise its oversight function and to provide leadership, guidance and support to management during unprecedented
times. While systemic risk oversight is a function of the full Board, the Board recognizes that material risks may arise from or impact multiple areas of the
organization. As such, the Board retains primary oversight of certain risks, including strategic, operational, cultural, legal, regulatory, cyber-related and physical security risks, and tasks its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Finance
Committee and GNSC with principal oversight of the company’s management of material risks within each respective committee’s areas of responsibility. In turn, each committee reports to the Board regularly, including with respect to
material risks within its purview, fostering awareness and communication of significant matters among all directors, and promoting a coordinated approach to risk oversight. At meetings of the Board and its committees, directors receive updates from management regarding our risk profile and risk management activities. Outside of formal
meetings, the Board, its committees and individual Board members have full access to senior executives and other key employees, including the CEO, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), COO, CLO, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Information Security Officer,
or CISO, CHRO, Vice President-Corporate Audit, Vice President-Public Affairs and Sustainability and Senior Director of Risk Management, or SDRM. In addition, the Board, and each committee, may request information from the company’s professional
advisors or engage its own independent advisors. Board Oversight of Key Risks • Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks . Cybersecurity and the effectiveness of the company’s
cybersecurity strategy are regular topics of discussion at Board meetings. The company’s strategy for managing cyber-related risks is risk-based and, where appropriate, integrated within the company’s enterprise risk management processes.
The company’s CISO, who reports directly to the COO, leads a dedicated cybersecurity team and is responsible for the PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    21 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY design, implementation, and execution of cyber-risk management strategy. The CISO provides periodic reports to the Board, no less than twice a year, regarding the company’s cybersecurity risk exposures and mitigation
strategies. We conduct cybersecurity training annually for all employees and workforce phishing drills several times a year that include supplemental training when appropriate. PPL follows industry best practices, control frameworks, and industry
standards to include the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF). Leading third parties periodically assess the maturity of our security practices using the NIST CSF. • Oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Risks . The Board has delegated to the GNSC
responsibility for overseeing the company’s practices and positions to further its sustainability strategy and corporate governance, including specific environmental and corporate social responsibility initiatives. The committee receives
updates, which include climate-related issues, at regularly scheduled meetings, and the full Board receives sustainability updates as significant issues arise. The committee also has oversight of the company’s corporate political activity, and
in that capacity, receives reports at least annually as to political spending and related activities by the company, if any. The company has also established a Corporate Sustainability Committee, which includes senior leaders throughout the company.
The committee is responsible for reviewing and guiding the development of a sustainability strategy, providing oversight and establishing priorities and performance metrics. The sustainability strategy, commitments and priorities are reviewed and
approved by the Corporate Leadership Council, which consists of the CEO, CFO, COO, CLO and CHRO, and presented to the Board. The company also maintains a robust enterprise risk management (ERM) process that provides a business portfolio view of
material risks that may impact achievement of the company’s business strategy. As part of the ERM process, representatives from the company’s operating companies and service groups identify, assess, monitor and report on ongoing and
emerging risks, including climate-related and broader ESG risks. The company’s Risk Management group oversees this process and reports quarterly to the Audit Committee. 22    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 2021 Director Pay Components . Directors who are company employees, currently only Mr. Sorgi, do not receive any separate compensation for service on the Board of Directors or committees of the Board. During 2021,
compensation for non-employee directors consisted of the elements described in the table below. The independent Chair of the Board and committee chairs received additional compensation due to the increased
workload and additional responsibilities associated with these critical board leadership positions. PPL reimburses each director for usual and customary travel expenses. Annual Retainer Components Non- Employee Directors Additional Retainers for Board Leadership Independent Chair of the Board Fee (3) Audit Committee Chair
Fee All Other Committee Chair Fees (Excluding Executive 
Committee) Cash (1) $115,000 $165,000 $25,000 $20,000 Deferred Stock Units (2) $150,000 N/A N/A N/A (1) The annual cash retainer and other fees are payable in quarterly installments to each director unless voluntarily deferred
to the director’s deferred stock account or deferred cash account under the Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, or DDCP. (2) Each deferred stock unit represents the right to receive a share of PPL common stock and is fully vested upon grant but is
not paid to the director until after retirement (as discussed below with respect to payments under the DDCP). Deferred stock units do not have voting rights, but accumulate quarterly dividend equivalents, which are reinvested in additional deferred
stock units and are also not paid to the director until retirement. (3) Effective March 1, 2021, the Compensation Committee established an annual independent Chair of the Board fee of
$165,000 when Mr. Rogerson was named as the independent Chair of the Board. Prior to March 1, 2021, the Board had a lead independent director role for which the annual fee was $30,000, and a non-executive Board Chair role, for which the annual fee was $150,000. The Compensation Committee assesses
the compensation of directors annually and, if applicable, makes recommendations to the Board. As part of this assessment, FW Cook, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, provides a Director Pay Analysis, which
reviews the pay program for PPL’s non-employee directors relative to a group of utility companies and to a broad spectrum of general industry companies. Directors Deferred
C ompensation Plan . Pursuant to the DDCP, non-employee directors may elect to defer all or any part of their fees or any retainer that is not part of the mandatory stock unit deferrals. Under this plan, directors can defer compensation other than the
mandatory deferrals into a deferred cash account or the deferred stock account. The deferred cash account earns a return as if the funds had been invested in one or more of the core investment options offered to employees under the PPL Deferred
Savings Plan at Fidelity Investments. These investment accounts include large, mid and small cap index and investment funds, international equity index funds, target date funds, bond funds and a stable value fund, with returns that ranged from -1.63% to 31.73% during 2021. Payment of the amounts allocated to a director’s deferred cash account and accrued earnings, together with deferred stock units and accrued dividend equivalents, is deferred until
after the director’s retirement from the Board of Directors, at which time the deferred cash and stock is disbursed in one or more annual installments for a period of up to 10 years, as previously elected by the director. Director Equity
Owne rship Guidelines . The Board requires directors to hold,
within five years after their election to the Board, shares of company common stock (including deferred stock units held in the DDCP) with a value of at least five times the annual cash retainer fee. All outside directors who have been on the Board
more than five years, as well as Ms. Wood, were in compliance with their equity ownership guidelines as of December 31, 2021. Mr. Beattie and Ms. Redman, who have served on the Board less than five years, were on track as of
December 31, 2021 to meet their equity ownership requirements within five years of their respective election to the Board. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    23 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY The following table summarizes all compensation earned during 2021 by our non-employee directors with respect to Board of Directors and committee service. 2021 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Name of Director Paid
in Cash (1) Deferred into Restricted Stock Units (2) Total Stock Awards (3) All
Other Compensation (4) Total Arthur P. Beattie $ 57,500 $ 57,500 $ 115,000 $ 150,000 $ 5,000 $ 270,000 John W. Conway (5) 51,099 — 51,099 56,868 — 107,967 Steven G. Elliott 140,000 — 140,000 150,000 10,000 300,000 Raja Rajamannar 115,000 — 115,000 150,000 — 265,000 Heather B. Redman 25,625 — 25,625 33,424 2,500 61,549 Craig A. Rogerson 272,500 — 272,500 150,000 10,000 432,500 William H. Spence (6) 71,250 — 71,250 37,500 — 108,750 Natica von Althann 135,000 — 135,000 150,000 5,720 290,720 Keith H. Williamson 115,000 — 115,000 150,000 10,000 275,000 Phoebe A. Wood 135,000 — 135,000 150,000 10,000 295,000 Armando Zagalo de Lima — 131,667 131,667 150,000 — 281,667 (1) This column reports the dollar amount of retainers either actually paid in cash or voluntarily deferred into cash accounts
under the DDCP for Board and committee service by each director for 2021. The cash retainers for the 2021 committee chairs were: Mr. Elliott (Audit — $25,000); Mr. Rogerson (Compensation and Executive — $20,000 in the aggregate
for two months as Compensation Committee Chair and 10 months as Executive Committee Chair); Ms. von Althann (Finance and Compensation — $20,000 in the aggregate for two months as Finance Committee Chair and 10 months as Compensation
Committee Chair); Ms. Wood (GNSC — $20,000); and Mr. Zagalo de Lima (Finance — $16,667 for serving 10 months as Chair). Mr. Conway received a prorated $7,500 retainer for serving as the independent Lead Director for January
and February 2021 prior to Mr. Rogerson being appointed as independent Chair of the Board on March 1, 2021. Mr. Spence received a prorated $37,500 retainer for serving as non-executive Chairman
of the Board prior to Mr. Rogerson being appointed as independent Chair of the Board. Mr. Rogerson received a prorated $137,500 retainer for serving as the independent Chair of the Board from March 1, 2021 through the end of the year.
Ms. Redman voluntarily deferred $25,625 of her retainer into the deferred cash account under the DDCP. (2) This column reports the dollar amount of retainers voluntarily deferred into deferred stock accounts under the DDCP. (3) This column represents the grant date fair value of the mandatorily deferred portion of the annual retainer during 2021 as
calculated under ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value for the deferred stock units was calculated using the closing price of PPL common stock on the NYSE on the date of grant. All deferred stock units held in each director’s deferred stock account are vested. As of December 31, 2021, the
aggregate number of deferred stock units (including dividend equivalents) held by each current non-employee director was as follows: Mr. Beattie — 9,536; Mr. Conway — 130,822;
Mr. Elliott — 64,047; Mr. Rajamannar — 59,392; Ms. Redman — 1,186; Mr. Rogerson — 158,794; Ms. von Althann — 69,858; Mr. Williamson — 96,923; Ms. Wood
— 22,238 and Mr. Zagalo de Lima — 72,374. (4) This column reflects contributions made under our charitable matching gift program. Non-employee directors are eligible to participate in our charitable matching gift program on the same basis as employees. Under the program, PPL will contribute, on a 100% matching basis, up to $10,000 per
year per person to specified charitable institutions. (5) Mr. Conway retired from the Board effective May 18, 2021. (6) Mr. Spence retired from the Board effective March 1, 2021. 24    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents STOCK OWNERSHIP DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS All directors and executive officers as a group hold less than 1% of PPL’s common stock. The table below shows the number of shares of our common stock beneficially
owned as of March 2, 2022, by: each of our directors; each NEO for whom compensation is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table; all of our director nominees and executive officers as a group; and the persons known by the company to be
beneficial owners of more than 5% of PPL’s common stock as of February 14, 2022. The table also includes information about stock options, restricted stock units granted to executive officers under the company’s Incentive Compensation
Plan for Key Employees, or ICPKE, the company’s Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, or SIP, and stock units credited to the accounts of our directors under the DDCP. Name of Directors and NEOs Shares of Common Stock Owned (1) Arthur P. Beattie 11,493 (2) Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. 81,935 (3) Gregory N. Dudkin 89,702 (4) Steven G. Elliott 66,215 (2) Raja Rajamannar 61,495 (2) Heather B. Redman 2,488 (2) Craig A. Rogerson 162,266 (2) Vincent Sorgi 265,748 (5) Wendy E. Stark 11,949 (6) Philip Swift 14,591 Paul W. Thompson 57,870 (7) Natica von Althann 72,106 (2) Keith H. Williamson 99,544 (2) Phoebe A. Wood 23,830 (2) Armando Zagalo de Lima 75,817 (2) All 20 executive officers and directors as a group 1,236,134 (8) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class The Vanguard Group,
Inc. (9) 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 88,748,861 11.82% BlackRock, Inc. (10) 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 64,561,072 8.60% State Street Corporation (11) State Street
Financial Center One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 40,805,150 5.44% (1) The number of shares owned includes: (a) shares directly owned by certain relatives with whom directors or officers
share voting or investment power; (b) shares held of record individually by a director or officer or jointly with others or held in the name of a bank, broker or nominee for such individual’s account; (c) shares in which certain
directors or officers maintain exclusive or shared investment or voting power, whether or not the securities are held for their benefit; and (d) with respect to executive officers, shares held for their benefit by the Trustee under PPL’s
Employee Stock Ownership Plan, or ESOP. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    25 Table of Contents STOCK OWNERSHIP (2) Consists of stock units credited to the director’s deferred stock account under the DDCP. (3) Includes 30,856 restricted stock units and 20,645 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of
March 2, 2022 upon the exercise of stock options granted under the ICPKE. (4) Includes 31,041 restricted stock units. (5) Includes 99,678 restricted stock units and 55,153 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of
March 2, 2022 upon the exercise of stock options granted under the SIP. (6) Consists of 11,949 restricted stock units. (7) Includes 13,928 restricted stock units. (8) Includes 236,855 restricted stock units, 97,752 shares of common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of
March 2, 2022 upon the exercise of stock options granted under the ICPKE or the SIP, and 575,254 stock units credited to the directors’ deferred stock accounts under the DDCP. (9) Based solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. with the SEC on February 9, 2022. As
reported on the Schedule 13G/A, as of December 31, 2021, The Vanguard Group beneficially owned, in the aggregate, 88,748,861 shares held by The Vanguard Group affiliates and had shared voting power over 1,508,773 shares, shared dispositive
power over 3,428,909 shares and sole dispositive power over 85,319,952 shares. (10) Based solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc. with the SEC on February 1, 2022. As reported
on the Schedule 13G/A, as of December 31, 2021, BlackRock, Inc. beneficially owned, in the aggregate, 64,561,072 shares held by BlackRock affiliates and had sole voting power over 56,106,422 shares and sole dispositive power over 64,561,072
shares. We and our affiliates engage in ordinary course brokerage, asset management or other transactions or arrangements with BlackRock, Inc. and its affiliates. These transactions are negotiated on arm’s-length bases and contain customary terms and conditions. Affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. also provide investment management services for the company’s pension trusts in the U.S. and in the U.K.
prior to the sale of the U.K. utility business in June 2021. The U.K. pension schemes are separate from the company and are managed by independent trustees. The company and the company’s affiliates paid fees of about $1,350,000 in 2021 to
BlackRock, Inc. and its affiliates. While BlackRock’s affiliates’ engagement is unrelated to BlackRock’s common stock ownership, these relationships were reviewed, pre-approved and ratified by
the GNSC in compliance with the company’s related-person transaction policy. (11) Based solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed by State Street Corporation with the SEC on February 11, 2022.
As reported on the Schedule 13G/A, as of December 31, 2021, State Street Corporation beneficially owned, in the aggregate, 40,805,150 shares held by State Street affiliates and had shared voting power over 36,761,430 shares and shared
dispositive power over 40,788,506 shares. 26    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS The Board of Directors has adopted a written related-party transaction policy that reflects the process the Board uses to identify
potential conflicts of interest arising out of financial transactions, arrangements or relations between PPL and any related persons. This policy applies to any transaction or series of transactions in which PPL Corporation or a subsidiary is a
participant, the amount exceeds $120,000 and a “related person” has a direct or indirect material interest. A related person includes not only the company’s directors and executive officers, but others related to them by certain
family relationships, as well as shareowners who own more than 5% of any class of PPL Corporation’s voting securities. There are no related-party transactions to disclose regarding the company’s directors or executive officers. For
information on certain transactions involving the company and its 5% shareowners, see “Stock Ownership” above. Under the policy, the GNSC conducts a
reasonable prior review of each related-party transaction, and any material amendment or modification to a related-party transaction, for potential conflicts of interest, and to either (i) approve (or ratify), and, to the extent applicable,
provide ongoing GNSC oversight, or (ii) prohibit such a transaction if the GNSC determines it to be inconsistent with the interests of the company and its shareowners. In connection with its review and approval or ratification of a related-party transaction, the GNSC or the Board, as applicable, will consider the relevant facts and
circumstances, including: • the importance of the transaction both to PPL and to the related person; • whether the transaction would likely impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of
PPL or the independence of a non-employee director; • whether the value and the terms of the transaction are substantially similar as compared to those of similar transactions
previously entered into by PPL with non-related persons, if any; and • any other matters that management or the disinterested directors deem appropriate. We collect information about potential related-party transactions in annual questionnaires completed by directors and executive officers. We also review any payments made
by the company or its subsidiaries to each director and executive officer and their immediate family members, and to or from those companies that either employ a director or an immediate family member of any director or executive officer. In
addition, we review any payments made by the company or its subsidiaries to, or any payments received by the company and its subsidiaries from, any shareowner who owns more than 5% of any class of PPL Corporation’s voting securities. The
company’s Office of General Counsel determines whether a transaction requires review by the GNSC and transactions that fall within the definition of the policy are reported to the GNSC. The disinterested independent members of the GNSC or the
Board, as applicable, review and consider the relevant facts and circumstances and determine whether to approve, deny or ratify the related-party transaction. The GNSC will prohibit a related-party transaction that it determines to be inconsistent
with the interests of the company and its shareowners. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    27 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS What are you voting on? The Board of Directors is asking you to vote, in an advisory manner, to approve the 2021 compensation of our named executive officers, or NEOs, as described on pages 29-79. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal, because it believes our compensation policies and practices are effective in
achieving their objectives to: • Drive the executive team to produce superior, sustainable financial and operating results. • Support strategic initiatives that increase value for shareowners. • Align compensation effectively with short- and long-term shareowner interests. • Attract and retain talented and experienced individuals. Our executive compensation program reflects the company’s ongoing commitment to pay for performance. Our NEOs’ compensation is aligned with the interests of
shareowners and is linked to short- and long-term company performance. For 2021, we based performance-related compensation for the NEOs primarily on (1) corporate net income from ongoing operations as adjusted for compensation purposes, or
Corporate Net Income, (2) net income from ongoing operations of each business segment as adjusted for compensation purposes, (3) corporate and business segment operational goals, (4) individual performance, (5) relative total
shareowner return, or TSR, and (6) corporate return on equity, or ROE. All of our goals align with our commitment to create long-term value for shareowners. In 2021, 85% of the CEO’s target compensation opportunity was “at-risk” and 72% was performance-based. For the CFO, 75% of target compensation was “at-risk,” while for the other NEOs other than Mr. Swift, on
average, 72% of target compensation was “at-risk.” In considering your vote, you may wish to review the information
on PPL’s compensation policies and decisions regarding the NEOs presented in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables” beginning on page 29, as well as the discussion regarding
“Compensation Processes and Procedures” beginning on page 17. The company currently holds advisory votes on an annual basis. Although the results of the
vote are non-binding and advisory in nature, the Board values the opinions of our shareowners and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future decisions on the compensation of our NEOs and about
our executive compensation program. In addition, the company is required at least once every six years to submit to shareowners the question of how frequently the company is required to seek shareowner approval of executive compensation. We
currently expect the next shareowner vote on frequency to occur at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. The Board of Directors recommends approval of the
following resolution: RESOLVED, that the compensation
paid to the company’s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables
and narrative discussion, is approved. Vote Required for Approval. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, in person or by proxy, by all shareowners voting as a single class, is required to approve the advisory vote on 2021 compensation of our NEOs. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR Proposal 2 28    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The Compensation Committee has reviewed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) and discussed it with management. Based on its review and discussions with management, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the CD&A be incorporated by reference into the
company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and included in this Proxy Statement. Compensation Committee Natica von Althann, Chair Raja Rajamannar Craig A. Rogerson COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD&A) Table of Contents for CD&A NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 30 2021 PERFORMANCE ACHIEVEMENTS AND PAY ALIGNMENT 30 Overview of 2021 Performance 30 How We Align PPL’s Compensation Program with Performance 32 Changes to the Compensation Program for 2021 and 2022 34 2021 Pay and Performance 35 2021 Say-on-Pay Advisory Vote
 and Shareowner Engagement 35 OVERVIEW OF PPL’S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM FRAMEWORK 36 Aligning Employees and Compensation Strategies with Our Corporate Strategic Framework 36 Elements of NEO Compensation 36 Process for Setting Executive Compensation 38 Use of Market Data 38 Establishing Performance Targets 39 2021 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 39 Base Salary 39 2021 Annual Cash Incentive Awards 40 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards 47 Other Elements of Compensation 51 GOVERNANCE POLICIES UNDERPINNING OUR COMPENSATION FRAMEWORK 55 Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines 55 Hedging and Pledging Prohibitions 56 Clawback Policy 56 Compensation Risk Assessment 56 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 56 Other Compensation 56 Tax Implications of Our Executive Compensation Program 57 PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    29 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION NAMED EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS For 2021, our named executive officers, or NEOs, were: Named Executive Officer Title Vincent Sorgi President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. (1) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Gregory N. Dudkin (2) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) Paul W. Thompson (3) Executive Vice President Wendy E. Stark (4) Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal Officer (CLO) Philip Swift (5) Chief Executive of Western Power Distribution (WPD) (1) Effective April 12, 2021, Mr. Bergstein was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
from Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. (2) Effective April 12, 2021, Mr. Dudkin was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from
President of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation (PPL Electric). (3) Effective October 1, 2021, Mr. Thompson’s title changed to Executive Vice President from President and CEO
of LG&E and KU Energy LLC (LKE) in preparation for his departure effective January 1, 2022. (4) Effective April 12, 2021, Ms. Stark joined the company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary. Chief Legal Officer was added to Ms. Stark’s title effective January 1, 2022. (5) Effective June 14, 2021, PPL completed the sale of its U.K. utility business of which Mr. Swift served as Chief
Executive. Actual compensation for Mr. Swift represents what he earned through this date. The 2021 compensation of these NEOs is explained in
the following sections and in the Executive Compensation Tables that follow this CD&A. 2021 PERFORMANCE ACHIEVEMENTS AND PAY ALIGNMENT Overview of 2021
Performance 2021 was a significant year for PPL as we strategically repositioned the company for long-term growth, continued to deliver outstanding
operational performance, advanced our clean energy strategy and positively impacted the lives of millions in the communities we serve. Most importantly, we provided
energy safely, reliably and affordably for more than 2.7 million customers in Pennsylvania, Kentucky and Virginia. At the same time, our employees demonstrated tremendous resilience, acting responsibly to navigate the pandemic. The past year was very much about repositioning PPL and laying a strong foundation for future success. Included are highlights of our 2021 performance. Repositioning PPL to drive long-term value for all stakeholders In 2021, we
took bold steps to reposition PPL as a U.S.-focused energy company driving sustainable growth and poised to deliver an affordable clean energy transition while maintaining reliability for our customers. In March, we announced agreements to sell our U.K. utility business to National Grid plc for £7.8 billion and, in a separate transaction, to acquire National
Grid’s Rhode Island utility business, The Narragansett Electric Company, for $3.8 billion. Following the announcement, in June we completed the sale of our U.K. utility business, which consisted primarily of Western Power Distribution plc
and its operating subsidiaries (WPD), achieving exceptional value at almost $11 billion for the U.K. assets, simplifying our business mix, and eliminating risks associated with foreign ownership. The sale of the U.K. utility business is
sometimes referred to in this Compensation Discussion & Analysis as the sale of WPD. We’ve received all the necessary regulatory approvals to acquire Narragansett Electric and are now working diligently through state appeals processes
in order to close the transaction. 30    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Delivering exceptional service and
continuous improvement As we refocused PPL for the future, we also delivered in the moment. We sustained strong reliability, achieved award-winning customer
satisfaction, improved safety performance and maintained affordable energy rates below regional averages. In addition, we executed more than $2 billion in infrastructure improvements to build smarter, more dynamic, more resilient energy
networks. Regarding reliability, both PPL Electric and our Kentucky operations achieved one of their best years on record for SAIFI — which measures the average
number of outages our customers experience — despite the companies’ significant storm season. In Kentucky, we also maintained industry-leading generation availability. Regarding customer satisfaction, both PPL Electric and Kentucky Utilities Company (KU) ranked highest in their respective regions and segments in independent nationwide
surveys of electric utility residential and business customer satisfaction. It was the 10th year in a row that PPL Electric earned top honors for residential customer satisfaction in its region and segment and 6th consecutive year KU earned the
distinction. Regarding safety, our Pennsylvania and Kentucky utilities all demonstrated year-over-year DART rate improvements. DART, short for Days Away Restricted
Time, is a key measure that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration uses to track workplace safety. Advancing our clean energy strategy and charting a
path to net-zero Over the past year, we also made significant progress as we pursued our broad-based clean energy
strategy focused on decarbonizing our operations, investing in clean energy research and development, and positioning the grid as an enabler of clean energy resources. Among our 2021 highlights, we set a new goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, with interim emissions reduction
targets of 80% from 2010 levels by 2040 and 70% by 2035. We announced a commitment of more than $50 million in new investments to drive clean energy innovation and deep decarbonization research and development. Louisville Gas and Electric
Company and KU launched a new partnership with the University of Kentucky’s Center for Applied Energy Research to study carbon capture at natural gas combined-cycle power plants and reached new agreements to provide the output from a planned
125 megawatt solar facility to large customers in their service areas. Our utilities in Pennsylvania and Kentucky also joined a national coalition to support greater adoption of electric vehicles. In addition, we published our latest comprehensive climate assessment report in November, which is available on our website. The report highlighted the risks and
opportunities associated with climate change; evaluated potential future emissions under multiple scenarios, including a scenario consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius; and outlined our strategy to enable a responsible
transition that balances our commitments to the environment, our customers, our employees and our communities. We also completed our triennial Kentucky Integrated Resource Plan in October, which reflected a significant increase in projected
renewable additions in the 15-year planning horizon compared to our prior plan. Creating shareowner value and
maintaining a strong financial foundation As we worked to create shareowner value and maintain a strong financial foundation, we executed our business plan and
continued to deliver equity returns for shareowners that were in line with those allowed by regulators. We secured a successful outcome in our Kentucky rate review
that supports infrastructure investments that will drive value for our customers and shareowners. Our ability to fully deploy advanced metering infrastructure and utilize a new recovery rider to retire our aging coal plants positions PPL to deliver
an affordable clean energy transition in Kentucky that balances the interests of all stakeholders going forward. Using $3.9 billion of proceeds from the sale of
our U.K. utility business, we reduced corporate debt by $3.5 billion, significantly strengthening our balance sheet. We also identified opportunities to deploy over $1 billion in incremental investment opportunities at our existing
utilities in Pennsylvania and Kentucky through 2025. These investments will support grid modernization and advance a sustainable energy future. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    31 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Lastly, we returned $2.3 billion to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. Building strong communities and fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce PPL advanced initiatives to strengthen economic vitality and quality of life in the communities we serve. Overall, our companies and foundations contributed more than
$12 million to improve education; foster diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI); promote sustainable communities; and support local programs focused on strengthening the communities we serve. And in the aftermath of devastating December
tornadoes in Kentucky, we responded quickly, providing financial support to assist Kentucky families and businesses. Together with our employees and retirees, our Pennsylvania and Kentucky foundations contributed $7 million to the United Way
and partner agencies as part of our annual giving campaigns. Within PPL, we implemented an enterprise-wide diversity, equity and inclusion strategy; adopted DEI
commitments; strengthened diversity within our leadership ranks, overall workforce and the board; and expanded our support for social justice and equity initiatives in our local communities. Our strong commitment to DEI resulted in the company being
named a best place to work for LGBTQ equality by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, a best place to work for disability inclusion by Disability:IN and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD); and a top utility for workforce
diversity by DiversityInc. The above successes and many others in 2021 reflect the collective contributions of our engaged Board, our experienced management team and
our talented employees across PPL. How We Align PPL’s Compensation Program
with Performance For 2021, we based performance-related compensation for the NEOs primarily on (1) corporate net income from ongoing operations
as adjusted for compensation purposes, or Corporate Net Income, (2) net income from ongoing operations of each business segment as adjusted for compensation purposes, (3) corporate and business segment operational goals, (4)
individual performance, (5) relative total shareowner return, or TSR, and (6) corporate return on equity, or ROE. All of our goals align with our commitment to create long-term value for shareowners. The selection of measures is given careful consideration, with a view to both short-term and longer-term strategic goals, while focusing on areas most within
management’s control. Our annual cash incentive awards measure performance based upon achievement of select financial and operational goals. Earnings are central to our business strategy and a primary focus of the investment community.
Consequently, Corporate EPS performance measures have historically been central to the annual compensation program for our NEOs. However, in light of potential share repurchases following the sale of WPD, for 2021 only, the corporate financial
metric was changed to Corporate Net Income, rather than Corporate EPS, as discussed in more detail below. In addition to Corporate Net Income for compensation purposes, our business segment heads are also expected to meet their respective business
segment’s adjusted net income goals. For 2021, all NEOs were also compensated based on achievement of operational goals at each business segment. Our
equity-based awards use relative TSR and corporate ROE to further align executives’ interests with the long-term interests of shareowners. The TSR metric provides a comparison of our three-year TSR performance relative to the companies in the
PHLX Utility Sector Index (UTY). No company in the UTY has significant U.K. utility operations. The corporate ROE metric provides a measurement of our performance across our entire business, including our U.K. operations through June 14, 2021.
This approach provides an objective assessment of how the market is responding to our current and prospective operational performance in comparison to our peers, which is correlated to market performance. 32    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Although virtually all PPL operations are fully
regulated, the company operates in multiple regulatory environments that can and do vary significantly by region. To align our NEOs’ actions with the company’s overall goals, NEO performance objectives are focused on enterprise-wide
metrics that measure the financial and operational performance of PPL, as well as financial and operational metrics for its largest business segments during 2021. This provides direct alignment to our goal of increasing shareowner value. How We Define It Where We Use It Corporate Net Income •  PPL Corporation net income from ongoing operations •  Corporate Net Income is adjusted for
compensation purposes to reflect, if any, impacts of merger, acquisition and disposition activity; benefits from the use of proceeds from WPD sale; and regulatory agreements that are economically net neutral •  See Annex A for a reconciliation of
financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP measures used for compensation •  Portion of Annual Cash Incentive Corporate Operational Goals •  Operational goals of LKE, PPL Electric and WPD weighted for each business
segment (see page 43 for a description of the goals and the respective weighting) •  Portion of Annual Cash Incentive Business Segment Adjusted Net Income •  Net income from ongoing operations of each business segment •  See Annex A for a reconciliation of
financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP measures used for compensation •  Portion of Annual Cash Incentive for each business
segment Business Segment Operational Goals •  Operational goals for each of LKE, PPL Electric and WPD (see page 43 for
a description of the goals for each business segment) •  Portion of Annual Cash Incentive for each business
segment Individual Performance •  Individual performance goals for each NEO based upon results and personal
leadership in the areas of safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; employee engagement; environmental stewardship; and the modeling of PPL corporate values •  Portion of Annual Cash Incentive TSR •  Total shareowner return, which is a combination of share price
appreciation and reinvested dividends •  Performance assessed relative to companies in the UTY •  Performance Units •  Portion of long-term incentive, or LTI,
compensation ROE •  Corporate return on equity, which is the average of PPL
Corporation’s annual corporate ROE for the performance period with a three-year restriction period. For 2021 only, the performance period was one-year as discussed on page 48 of this CD&A. •  Performance Units •  Portion of LTI
compensation PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    33 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Further information about the targets that apply to specific awards for each NEO is set out in
“2021 Named Executive Officer Compensation” beginning on page 39 of this CD&A. A substantial portion of NEO compensation is delivered in the form of
equity, and our senior executives are subject to significant Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines as described on page 55. These practices directly align our compensation structure with our performance by linking NEO compensation to share price
appreciation and sustainable long-term growth. Changes to the Compensation
Program for 2021 and 2022 As the Compensation Committee determined what would be an appropriate incentive compensation structure, in light of the sale
of WPD and PPL’s strategic repositioning, it considered a number of factors that would be disproportionately affected by the sale. Changes Due to the Sale
of WPD In August 2020, PPL announced that it initiated a formal process to sell its U.K. utility business, WPD, in 2021. As a result of the anticipated sale of
WPD, the Compensation Committee made the following changes to NEO compensation program, each of which is applicable for 2021 only: • In light of potential share repurchases following the anticipated sale of WPD, the corporate financial metric under the
annual incentive program was changed from Corporate EPS to Corporate Net Income for 2021 only. In making this decision, the Compensation Committee considered the possibility that potentially significant share repurchases using a portion of the
proceeds from the sale would result in a reduction of outstanding shares that could have disproportionately inflated the Corporate EPS for 2021. • The Compensation Committee approved Corporate Net Income goals, which include: (1) targets and attainment for all
business segments through April 30, 2021, which apply only to Mr. Swift, and (2) targets and attainment for only the US-based business segments for the full year, which apply to all NEOs other
than Mr. Swift. • ROE-based performance unit grants historically had a three-year performance period,
but for 2021 only, the Compensation Committee shifted to a one-year performance period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, while maintaining the three-year vesting schedule and other
grant characteristics. In making this decision, the Compensation Committee considered that 2021 was a transitional year for the company and that it was not practicable to set ROE targets for a three-year period based on information available going
into 2021. 34    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Other Changes for 2021 and 2022 PPL also incorporated certain other changes to NEO compensation in 2021 and 2022 as part of its ongoing commitment to evaluate and, where applicable, adapt its practices
to continue to drive its pay-for-performance philosophy. •  To link safety and social factors to NEO compensation, the Compensation
Committee included an individual performance portion of the NEO’s annual short-term incentive goals weighted at 10% of the total incentive beginning in 2021. Goal achievement will be assessed in January following the performance year based on
results and personal leadership in the areas of safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; employee engagement; environmental stewardship; and the modeling of PPL corporate values. •  In 2022, the Compensation Committee evaluated PPL’s LTI mix and considered how to
further link executive compensation to its future strategy, which resulted in adding earnings growth (EG) and environmental, social and governance (ESG) metrics to the LTI mix at 20% each. Priority ESG metrics are tied to climate-related
performance. TSR continues to be one of the leading performance measures among utilities and a vital metric that recognizes PPL’s share performance compared with that of other utilities in the UTY. TSR-based performance unit grants will
continue to comprise 40% of the NEO’s total LTI, and RSUs will continue to comprise 20% of the NEO’s total LTI. 2021 Pay and Performance In 2021, PPL reported losses for the year that were non-cash in nature and primarily related to the sale of WPD and certain tax
changes in the U.K. Excluding the accounting effect of these one-time events, PPL’s operating businesses and PPL on a consolidated basis had strong financial and operational performance in 2021, which
correlated with 2021 compensation: • Annual cash incentive award payouts ranging from 167.98% to 187.56% of target. • 2019-2021 equity performance awards were paid out at 100% of target in the aggregate. • TSR-based performance units, which comprised 40% of the total LTI grants made to our
NEOs in 2019, were forfeited due to below threshold level performance for the 2019-2021 performance period. • ROE-based performance units, which comprised 40% of the total LTI grants made to our
NEOs in 2019, paid out at 200% of target for the 2019-2021 performance period. We provide further details of these matters throughout this
CD&A and particularly in “2021 Named Executive Officer Compensation” beginning on page 39. 2021 Say-on-Pay Advisory Vote and Shareowner Engagement The
Compensation Committee considered the results of the last shareowner advisory vote on executive compensation when reviewing potential changes to PPL’s executive compensation program. PPL received a shareowner vote of over 95% in support of the
compensation of our NEOs in response to our say-on-pay proposal at the company’s 2021 Annual Meeting. During our annual engagement efforts in the fall of 2021, we discussed our corporate governance practices, including our executive compensation program, with a number of
our shareowners. See “Shareowner Engagement” on page 14 for annual outreach efforts. We did not receive recommendations for substantial changes to our executive compensation program. Taking this feedback and the significant level of
support received for the 2021 say-on-pay advisory vote into account, the Compensation Committee determined that our executive compensation philosophy, compensation
objectives and program design remain appropriate and decided not to make significant changes to the core design of our program. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    35 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OVERVIEW OF
PPL’S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM FRAMEWORK Our executive compensation program reflects PPL’s ongoing commitment to pay-for-performance, with executive compensation aligned to shareowner interests and linked to short- and long-term company performance. Aligning Employees and Compensation Strategies with Our Corporate Strategic Framework PPL’s corporate strategic framework provides the basis for determining annual and longer-term performance goals and objectives under our
executive compensation program. The performance goals that PPL has established reinforce the core features of our operational mission to deliver power safely,
reliably and affordably. If we are effective in these areas, our underlying performance should increase shareowner value. Our executive compensation program is structured to reward our executives for performance toward these goals. Elements of NEO Compensation The executive compensation program is composed of three key elements — base salary, an annual cash incentive and long-term equity
incentives — which make up total direct compensation. Compensation Element Purpose Features Performance
Measures and Time Horizon Base Salary To reward sustained performance, experience, value in the market and to PPL, and individual skills, knowledge and behaviors •  Compensation Committee applies judgment in
setting annual salary to reflect performance, experience and responsibility, and considers market data •  Review annually individual performance and market
position Annual Cash Incentive To motivate and reward corporate performance over the short term •  Paid in cash •  Combination of corporate and business
segment financial and operational performance, as well as individual performance •  Capped at two times target payout for top performance •  Financial measures, which
include Corporate Net Income and business segment adjusted net income, business segment operational goals, and individual goals •  One-year performance period 36    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Element Purpose Features Performance
Measures and Time Horizon Long-term Equity Incentives Performance Units Based on TSR and
ROE To align shareowner and executive interests and to drive sustainable growth over the long term •  Vests between 0% and 200% of target payout, subject
to certification of performance at the end of the three-year performance period •  Payable in shares of PPL common stock •  Dividends accrue quarterly in the form
of additional performance units, and vest according to the applicable level of achievement of the performance goal, if any •  Represents 80% of the total long-term equity incentive opportunity •  50% relative TSR, using the UTY over a three-year
performance period •  50% corporate
ROE; the average of PPL Corporation’s annual corporate ROE for the performance period. For 2021 only, the performance period was one-year as discussed on page 48 of this CD&A. •  Three-year restriction period Restricted Stock Units To align shareowner and executive interests while rewarding and encouraging retention •  Payable in shares of PPL common stock •  Dividends accrue quarterly in the form
of additional restricted stock units, but are not paid unless and until underlying award vests •  Represents 20% of the total long-term equity incentive opportunity •  Time based •  Restricted for three years following
grant In addition, the NEOs receive modest perquisites, such as executive physicals, financial planning, tax preparation services and matching
charitable contributions, as well as certain retirement benefits. Executive officers may also receive periodic residential security system upgrades and relocation benefits. For additional information, see “Other Elements of Compensation”
section on page 51. The PPL compensation framework places a heavy emphasis on performance-based pay through the use of annual and long-term performance-based
compensation elements. In 2021, 85% of the CEO’s target compensation opportunity was “at-risk” and 72% was performance-based. For the CFO, 75% of target compensation was “at risk,” for
the other NEOs, excluding Mr. Swift who separated from the company in June 2021, on average, 72% of target compensation was “at risk.” PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    37 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following charts illustrate the 2021 elements of compensation divided among base salary, target
annual cash incentive and target long-term incentive opportunity. Elements of Compensation as a Percentage of Target Total Direct Compensation — 2021 (1) (1) Based on target compensation as a percentage of target total direct compensation for performance as of December 31,
2021. (2) Includes Messrs. Dudkin and Thompson and Ms. Stark. Excludes Mr. Swift who separated from the company in June
2021. (3) At-Risk Compensation includes target short-term incentive and all long-term equity
awards. (4) Performance-Based Compensation includes target short-term incentive and performance-based equity awards. Process for Setting Executive Compensation As part of its duties, there are a number of activities the Compensation Committee undertakes each year in reviewing the operation and effectiveness of the executive
compensation program. Use of Market Data The Compensation Committee uses market compensation data from the Willis Towers Watson General Industry Executive Compensation Survey as one of several criteria
when reviewing individual NEO compensation levels. The survey data provide a large sample size resulting in more consistent and reliable market comparisons. Although the survey participants can vary slightly from year to year, the large nature of
the sample size minimizes the risk that this change could distort general market trends. The market data are adjusted to appropriately reflect our size. The
Compensation Committee also uses information on compensation practices from a select group of industry companies, which includes public utilities with revenue, market capitalization and enterprise value that are generally between one-half to two times those of PPL. 38    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION For additional insight into executive
compensation practices, the Compensation Committee directed Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc., or FW Cook, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, to conduct an executive market assessment and present market
findings to the Compensation Committee. When determining 2021 compensation for our NEOs, the Compensation Committee considered these compensation data points. Establishing Performance Targets Each year, the Compensation Committee
reviews and sets the performance targets that apply to incentive awards. This process is particularly important in seeking to ensure alignment between pay and performance over short- and long-term periods. Incentive targets are aligned with annual
business plans and budgets. The Compensation Committee sets goals that it deems as rigorous but attainable with strong performance. In setting the PPL Corporate Net
Income performance target for compensation purposes for 2021, the Compensation Committee reviewed comprehensive data and systematically assessed PPL’s targets by considering the following. • PPL’s historical performance • Historical performance within the industry • PPL’s earnings forecasts for the coming year • Implications of the expected sale of WPD in 2021 In setting the targets for the business segments, the Compensation Committee considers historical business segment performance and segment business plans that support
PPL’s earnings forecasts for the coming year, as well as key operational metrics to support our mission of providing safe, affordable, reliable, sustainable energy to our customers and superior, long-term returns to our shareowners. This
information is used to set goals that are considered challenging and competitive within the industry. The targets for the 2021 awards were reviewed during the first quarter of 2021 and are summarized beginning on page 40. 2021 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Base Salary Each year, the Compensation Committee reviews base salary in the context of responsibilities, experience, value in the market and to PPL, sustained individual performance
and internal parity to determine whether an executive’s base salary will be increased. In reaching a decision, the Compensation Committee reviews market compensation data and whether each executive’s current salary is competitive and
commensurate with their performance, skills and experience. In 2021, the Compensation Committee approved base salary increases effective January 1, 2021
ranging from 3% to 10% as well as mid-year base salary increases due to new appointments or promotions. The table below reflects base salary increases during the year. Name 2020 Year-End Salary 2021 Salary % Change Vince Sorgi $1,100,000 $1,133,000 3.0% Joe Bergstein $575,000 $632,500 10.0% Greg Dudkin $607,700 $740,000 21.8% Paul Thompson $662,900 $682,800 3.0% Wendy Stark — $525,000 — Phil
Swift £420,000 £441,000 5.0% PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    39 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Individual base salaries for each of the NEOs were generally adjusted to bring salaries in line
with market and maintain market competitiveness. Additionally, the following points are noted: • Messrs. Sorgi and Thompson each received a 3.0% increase in base salary in January 2021 to maintain market
competitiveness aligned with their performance, skills and experience in their positions. • Mr. Dudkin received a 3.0% increase in base salary in January 2021 to maintain market competitiveness. When he assumed
the role of COO in April 2021, he received an adjustment of 18.2% to his base salary to bring him within a competitive range of market for his new role as COO. • Mr. Bergstein received a 10.0% increase to bring his base salary closer to market and to recognize his continued
performance. No additional compensation changes were made as a result of his promotion to Executive Vice President. • Ms. Stark joined the company in April 2021 and her initial base salary was set by the Compensation Committee based on
her prior experience and market competitiveness. • Mr. Swift received a 5.0% increase to maintain market competitiveness. 2021 Annual Cash Incentive Awards The annual cash incentive awards measure and reward performance against the company’s financial and operational goals for the year and the individual contributions
towards the achievement of those goals. The measures used to assess management’s success in executing the company’s strategy and initiatives were (1) Corporate Net Income, (2) corporate operational goals that include all three
business segments weighted for the forecasted contribution to earnings, (3) business segment adjusted net income, (4) business segment operational goals and (5) individual performance. These measures align with our goals of increasing
shareowner value and were set and communicated to the NEOs in the first quarter of 2021. In summary, the performance measures for 2021 were as follows: 2021 PPL Cash Incentive Goal Weighting Name Proration for Time in Position Financial Performance Operational Performance Individual Performance Corporate Business Segment Corporate Business Segment Vince Sorgi 70% — 20% — 10% Joe Bergstein 70% — 20% — 10% Greg Dudkin (1) 27.67% 30% 30% 10% 20% 10% 72.33% 70% — 20% — 10% Paul Thompson 30% 30% 10% 20% 10% Wendy Stark 70% — 20% — 10% Phil Swift 30% 30% 10% 20% 10% (1) Consistent with our compensation program, Mr. Dudkin’s promotion to COO during 2021 resulted in a mid-year change to his cash incentive goal weighting to reflect his new position with 27.67% of his cash incentive based on his time as President of PPL Electric and 72.33% based on his time as Executive Vice
President and COO of PPL Corporation. 40    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2021 PPL Corporate Financial
Performance Corporate Net Income For compensation purposes, annual cash incentive awards are
based, in part, on PPL Corporation Net Income, which is from ongoing operations as adjusted for compensation purposes, to reflect, if any, impacts of merger, acquisition and disposition activity; benefits from the use of proceeds from WPD sale; and
regulatory agreements that are economically net neutral (see Annex A for a description of the adjustments). In January 2021, the Compensation Committee approved an alternative version of the Corporate Net Income goal due to the anticipated sale of WPD, which
would apply only to Mr. Swift. The Corporate Net Income goal, which included only the US-based business segments for the full year’s targets and attainment, was applicable to all NEOs other than
Mr. Swift. Financial Goal Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results Attainment Score All NEOs except Mr. Swift (without WPD – Domestic only) Achieve ongoing PPL Corporation Net Income goal target (in millions) – Domestic Only $616.994 $725.875 $780.316 $782.205 200.00% (No payout if corporate financial goal is
below 50% target) Mr. Swift (with WPD) Achieve ongoing PPL Corporation Net Income goal target (in millions) $580.638 $683.151 $734.387 $760.120 200.00% (No payout if corporate financial goal is below 50% target) Target and Actual Results calculated using
January through April, 2021. The percent of target opportunity earned in relation to PPL’s Corporate Net Income goal was 200% of target for each of the two versions of the Corporate Net Income goal. No payout
for the corporate financial goal would have been made to NEOs for 2021 if Corporate Net Income had been below the 50% goal of $631.914 million with WPD or $671.434 million for domestic only. No annual cash incentive award would have been made to NEOs for 2021 if
Corporate Net Income had been below the 0% goal of $580.638 million with WPD or $616.994 million for domestic only. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    41 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The adjusted net income goal for each business segment is aligned with the segment’s expected
contribution to PPL’s overall financial performance and is set based on the business plan approved by PPL’s Board of Directors. 2021 PPL Business Segment Financial
Performance LKE – Paul Thompson Adjusted Net Income Financial Goal Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results Attainment Score LKE Achieve ongoing LKE Net Income goal target (in millions) $370.628 $436.033 $468.736 $472.062 200.00% LKE’s adjusted net income exceeded target primarily due to continued focus on operating efficiency and financing optimization. PPL Electric – Greg Dudkin (applicable until his promotion on April 12, 2021) Adjusted Net Income Financial Goal Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results Attainment Score PPL Electric Achieve ongoing PPL Electric Net Income goal target (in
millions) $405.801 $477.413 $513.219 $503.387 172.54% PPL Electric’s adjusted net income exceeded target primarily due to higher distribution sales volumes and lower interest expense. WPD – Phil Swift Adjusted Net Income Financial Goal Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results Attainment Score WPD Achieve the ongoing WPD Net Income goal target (in
millions) $290.367 $341.608 $367.229 $379.409 200.00% WPD’s adjusted net income exceeded target primarily due to higher than forecasted distribution volume. 42    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2021 PPL Operational Performance Goal Summary Statement Target Actual Results Attainment Score Goal Weight Goal Score Corporate Weight Corporate Goal Score LKE Achieve the Customer Satisfaction Rating target 18.0 15.0 87.50% 50% 43.75% Achieve the reliability System Average Duration Index (SAIDI) goal target * 86.38 80.33 154.82% 40% 61.93% Achieve Equivalent Forced Outage Rate (EFOR) goal target * 0.045 0.0176 200.00% 10% 20.00% Total Operational Performance for
LKE 125.68% 23% 28.91% PPL Electric Achieve Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) targeted rating 85% 90% 200.00% 50% 100.00% Achieve the reliability non-storm System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI) goal
target * 0.650 0.680 62.50% 50% 31.25% Total Operational Performance for PPL
Electric 131.25% 26% 34.13% WPD Achieve the Operational Incentive Revenues (Stakeholder Engagement, Customer Minutes Lost, Customer Interruptions, Broad Measure Customer Satisfaction (BMCS), Time to Connect, Incentive on Connection Engagement) goal target (in
millions) £76.42 £79.24 169.95% 100% 169.95% Total Operational Performance for
WPD 169.95% 51% 86.67% Total Weighted Corporate Operational
Performance 100% 149.71% * Indicates a lower number is better LKE LKE’s Customer Satisfaction metric is based upon points earned for
performance compared to a competitive group of six utilities selected to ensure a meaningful comparison to appropriate industry peers as conducted by a third party. Performance is assessed quarterly, and points are given for performance above (six
points) or within (three points) the competitive range. Bonus points are achieved by finishing first (two points) or second (one point) in an absolute ranking. To achieve the targeted customer satisfaction objective of 18 points, LKE needed to
perform above the competitive range for at least two quarters and within the range for two quarters. Due to the rate case and resumption of customers disconnects, LKE saw a decline in customer satisfaction, finishing above the competitive range in
the first quarter and within the competitive range the last three quarters. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    43 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION LKE’s reliability metric is based upon LKE’s combined Transmission and Distribution
SAIDI, the average outage duration for each customer served, with the objective of achieving the lowest possible actual result. LKE had excellent Transmission reliability performance, causing the achievement above target. LKE’s EFOR is the measurement of the percent of steam generation not available due to forced outages or reduction in generation output, with the objective of
achieving the lowest possible actual result. Targets are set using historical regional results to drive optimal business performance. Through a concentrated effort on long-term outage planning, process standardization across the fleet and ongoing
focus on process improvement, LKE performed exceptionally well with limited plant outages resulting in achievement of a maximum payout. PPL Electric PPL Electric’s CSAT target measures overall customer satisfaction and other key components that impact performance. The metric is gathered by a third-party vendor
and represents the percent of customers who select 8, 9 or 10 on a 10-point scale for their overall satisfaction with PPL Electric as a provider of electric service to their home or business. Responses are
weighted between residential and business customers to achieve a blended overall CSAT rate. The annual target is set based on previous performance and current management expectations. For 2021, CSAT was above target, which is attributable to
sustained improvement in residential CSAT throughout the year. PPL Electric’s non-storm SAIFI target is based on an
industry-recognized metric used to measure reliability by electric utilities. The metric measures the average number of interruptions per customer, based on standards set by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), with the
objective of achieving the lowest possible actual result. The annual target is set based on previous performance and current management expectations. For 2021, IEEE SAIFI was below target primarily due to increased weather-related outages. WPD WPD’s Operational Incentive Revenues represent earned payouts
authorized by WPD’s regulator, Ofgem, for WPD’s operational performance. Performance is assessed in the following five areas. • Stakeholder Engagement and Customer Vulnerability Incentive is a competitive incentive across all U.K. gas, electric
and transmission companies that rewards outstanding performance. WPD previously held the top position for six consecutive years in RIIO-ED1, contributing to strong Operational Incentive Revenue payouts. • Customer Minutes Lost / Customer Interruptions is measured against a target, tightened annually, set on a
mixture of benchmark and WPD’s own performance. Since inception, WPD has earned the highest overall percent revenue of any Distribution Network Operator (DNO) group, in the latest 2020/21 regulatory year achieving over 72% of the maximum
available revenue, which has produced strong Operational Incentive Revenue payouts. • BMCS provides customer satisfaction survey results from an Ofgem-sponsored survey of WPD customers. WPD earned
the maximum available revenue in 2020/21. • Time to Connect is comprised of two components: (1) elapsed time to quote for new service installation and
(2) elapsed time to connect new customers. Operational Incentive Revenue is paid or based on a common DNO target set by Ofgem. WPD achieved over 78% of the maximum available revenue in 2020/21. • Incentive on Connection Engagement is a discretionary, penalty only component decided by Ofgem. WPD has not received
such a penalty in the past five years since this incentive was introduced. WPD’s 2021 Operational Incentive Revenue target was
£76.42 million. With WPD operational performance historically at or near the top for DNOs, and Ofgem increasing performance expectations each year, the performance range for minimum, targeted and maximum payout was rigorous. The performance period for WPD’s Operational Incentive Revenue target runs on fiscal year March 1 through April 30. The fiscal year for 2021 goal
attainment completed on April 30, 2021, prior to the sale of WPD and the payout of Mr. Swift’s prorated annual cash incentive award. 44    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Safety at PPL PPL is committed to the health, safety and welfare of its employees and of those with whom we do business. Because safety is an integral part of our values and culture,
beginning in 2021 leadership in safety was included as a component of the individual performance portion of annual cash incentive awards for NEOs. Additionally, in the event of a workplace fatality, the Compensation Committee may exercise discretion
as to cash incentive payouts. Individual Annual Cash Incentive Awards for 2021 Performance The following annual incentive awards were approved by the Compensation Committee for 2021 performance and ranged from 167.98% of target to 187.56% of target: Name Proration for Time in Position Weight x Goal Results Individual Performance 2021 Earned Award Financial Performance Operational Performance Corporate Business Segment Corporate Business Segment Vince Sorgi 70% x 200% — 20% x
149.71% — 10% x 175% 187.44% Joe Bergstein 70% x 200% — 20% x
149.71% — 10% x 135% 183.44% Greg Dudkin (1) 27.67% 72.33% 30% x 200% 70% x 200% 30% x 172.54% — 10% x 149.71% 20% x 149.71% 20% x 131.25% — 10% x 150% 10% x 150% 167.98% 184.94% Paul Thompson 30% x 200% 30% x 200% 10% x 149.71% 20% x 125.68% 10% x 100% 170.11% Wendy Stark 70% x 200% — 20% x 149.71% — 10% x 135% 183.44% Phil Swift 30% x 200% 30% x 200% 10% x 135.67% 20% x 169.95% 10% x 200% 187.56% (1) Consistent with our compensation program, Mr. Dudkin’s promotion to COO during 2021 resulted in a mid-year change to his cash incentive goal attainment to reflect his new position. Beginning in 2021, NEOs have
an individual goals portion of the annual cash incentive awards weighted at 10% of the total annual incentive. Goal achievement was assessed by the Compensation Committee in January following the performance year, based on results and personal
leadership in the areas of safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; employee engagement; environmental stewardship; and the modeling of PPL corporate values. Consistent with other goals, individual performance was assessed using a scale of 0-200% of target. The evaluation was holistic and considered, in part, absolute and relative performance, improvement or decline during the performance period and headwinds/tailwinds experienced. In determining that Mr. Sorgi achieved performance of 175% of target for this component, the Compensation Committee recognized his outstanding leadership in
PPL’s strategic repositioning through the sale of WPD, progress towards the purchase of Narragansett Electric, establishing and executing the vision for PPL’s strategic repositioning, and his continued commitment to advancing the
operations, financial strength and culture of the organization. In determining that Mr. Bergstein achieved performance of 135% of target for this component, the
Compensation Committee recognized his achievements in modeling PPL corporate values and his significant involvement in the strategic repositioning of PPL through the sale of WPD, progress towards the purchase of Narragansett Electric, and PPL’s
strategic repositioning. In determining that Mr. Dudkin achieved performance of 150% of target for this component, the Compensation Committee recognized his
achievements in leading PPL Electric in achieving excellent customer satisfaction, maintaining health and safety as a priority, and fostering DEI as an essential part of the company culture; his leadership in the strategic repositioning of PPL; his
direct leadership over the regulatory approval process and integration planning activities related to the Narragansett Electric acquisition; and his involvement in helping to decarbonize PPL’s operations. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    45 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In light of his transition from President and Chief Executive Officer of LKE and its subsidiaries
to the role of Executive Vice President effective October 1, 2021 and retirement effective January 1, 2022, Mr. Thompson’s individual component was assessed at 100% of target. See “Additional Information — Other
Compensation — Transition and Retirement Agreement for Mr. Thompson” on page 57 for more information regarding the payments to which Mr. Thompson is entitled in connection with his separation. In determining that Ms. Stark achieved performance of 135% of target for this component, the Compensation Committee recognized her achievements in leadership in
PPL’s strategic repositioning and completing the sale of WPD and the progress towards the purchase of Narragansett Electric and providing leadership related to PPL’s regulatory strategy while modeling PPL corporate values at the highest
level. In determining that Mr. Swift achieved performance of 200% of target for this component, the Compensation Committee recognized his achievements in
leading WPD during the sale process and the successful sale of WPD. See “Compensation for Mr. Swift Associated with the Sale of WPD” on page 50 for more information regarding the payments to which Mr. Swift is entitled in
connection with his separation. This resulted in the following annual cash incentive awards approved for the NEOs: Name Proration for
Time in Position (1) 2021 Base Salary (2) Target Opportunity (% of Base Salary) 2021 Earned Award 2021 Annual Cash Incentive Award Prorated Total Vince Sorgi $1,133,000 125% 187.44% $2,654,619 Joe Bergstein $632,500 80% 183.44% $928,206 Greg Dudkin (3) 27.67% $740,000 80% 167.98% $275,174 72.33% 184.94% $791,888 $1,067,062 Paul Thompson $682,800 85% 170.11% $987,284 Wendy Stark $525,000 75% 183.44% $722,295 Phil Swift 45.21% £441,000 55% 187.56% £205,672 (1) Cash incentive awards were prorated based upon the number of days in each position, to the extent applicable.
Ms. Stark’s annual incentive award was not prorated per the terms of her offer letter. (2) Cash incentive awards were calculated based on year-end base salary of the
performance period, with the exception of Mr. Swift, whose cash incentive was calculated as of June 14, 2021, the date WPD was sold. (3) Consistent with our compensation program, Mr. Dudkin’s promotion to COO during 2021 resulted in a mid-year change to his cash incentive goal attainment to reflect his new position. 46    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards The purpose of the long-term incentive program is to align our executives’ interests with those of shareowners by providing long-term equity incentives that are
earned based on company performance. This goal is achieved through two distinct equity awards — performance units and restricted stock units. Performance units tie compensation to the financial performance and share price of PPL based on TSR
and ROE performance measured over a defined performance period. Restricted stock units align shareowner and executive interests while rewarding and encouraging retention. Target Opportunity (% of Base
Salary) Name Proration for Time in Position (1) Total Long-term Incentive (LTI) 20% Restricted Stock Units 40% Performance Units (Based on TSR) 40% Performance Units (Based on ROE) Vince Sorgi 425% 85% 170% 170% Joe Bergstein 220% 44% 88% 88% Greg Dudkin (2) 25% 180% 36% 72% 72% 75% 220% 44% 88% 88% Paul Thompson 150% 30% 60% 60% Wendy Stark (3) 75% 155% 31% 62% 62% Phil Swift 120% 24% 48% 48% (1) LTI awards were prorated based upon the number of months in each position, to the extent applicable. (2) Consistent with our compensation program, Mr. Dudkin’s promotion to COO during 2021 resulted in a mid-year change to his LTI target opportunity. (3) Ms. Stark did not join the company until April 12, 2021, so as a result, consistent with our compensation
program, her 2021 LTI award was prorated for the time served in her position. The Compensation Committee customarily grants the annual long-term
incentive awards at its regularly scheduled January meeting. Consistent with our compensation program, off-cycle awards may be made from time-to-time, for example, on the date of hire, appointment or promotion of an executive officer. 2021 Restricted Stock Units (20% of Total LTI) Restricted stock units are PPL
stock-equivalent units representing a future delivery of a specified number of shares of PPL common stock at the end of three years. The value of the shares that may ultimately vest may be greater than or less than the targeted value, depending on
future increases or decreases in PPL’s common stock share price. Restricted Stock
Unit Awards Granted in 2021 (1) Name Adjustment / Proration (2) 2021 Base Salary Target (% of Salary) Target Value Award Value Units Granted (3) Vince Sorgi $1,133,000 85 % $963,050 $963,050 34,692 Joe Bergstein $632,500 44 % $278,300 $278,300 10,026 Greg Dudkin (2) January 2021 $626,000 36 % $225,360 $225,360 8,119 April 2021 $740,000 44 % $325,600 Difference (4) $100,240 75% Proration (5) $75,180 2,617 Paul Thompson $682,800 30 % $204,840 $204,840 7,379 Wendy Stark (2) April 2021 $525,000 31 % $162,750 $122,063 4,249 Phil Swift £441,000 24 % £105,840 £105,840 5,238 (1) Number of restricted stock units granted is the award value divided by the closing price of PPL common stock on the date
of approval or, if later, the effective date (January 21, 2021, $27.76 equivalent to £20.21 using an exchange rate of £0.72817 for Mr. Swift’s award; April 12, 2021, $28.73). All NEO’s, except Ms. Stark, were
awarded grants on January 21, 2021. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    47 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (2) Consistent with our compensation program, LTI awards were prorated based upon the number of months in each position, to
the extent applicable. Mr. Dudkin’s LTI targets changed upon his promotion to COO and, as a result, Mr. Dudkin received a prorated grant on April 12, 2021. Ms. Stark received a prorated LTI award upon her joining the company
on April 12, 2021. (3) The number of units is rounded up to the nearest full unit. (4) This reflects the difference in the full-year target value of the LTI award in each position. (5) The difference in the full-year target values was prorated based upon the number of months Mr. Dudkin served as COO. 2021 Performance Unit Awards (80% of Total LTI) The
performance units awarded in 2021 were designed to align the interests of our NEOs with those of our shareowners by directly linking NEO pay with sustained long-term company performance over a designated performance period. Performance units granted
in 2021 were calculated based on 2021 salary. Target award values are established at the start of the year, and the actual number of shares that an NEO receives is
contingent on PPL’s TSR performance relative to the companies in the UTY and corporate ROE performance, as follows. Performance Units – TSR (50% of
the performance units granted) TSR combines the impact of share price movement and reinvested dividends during the three-year performance period from
January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2023. The Compensation Committee
determined that the UTY is an appropriate TSR industry group for PPL. The UTY is a market capitalization-weighted index of 20 geographically diverse, North American utility companies that are considered to be our peers by analysts and
investors. To achieve the target TSR award value granted in 2021, PPL’s TSR performance must be at or above the 50th percentile relative to the
companies in the UTY at the end of the three-year performance period. At the end of the performance period, awards can range from 0% to 200% of target depending on
relative performance. TSR awards are forfeited if PPL ranks below the 25th percentile of the companies in the UTY at the end of the three-year period. Performance Units – ROE (50% of the performance units granted) ROE is more directly impacted by executive performance and aligns with operational performance and capital allocation. ROE
achievement is calculated based on the average of PPL Corporation’s annual corporate ROE for the performance period with a three-year restriction period. For 2021 only, the performance period was one-year as discussed below. Annual ROE is calculated by taking earnings from
ongoing operations of PPL Corporation, divided by the average total equity. 48    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In setting ROE targets, PPL considered its
business plan and ROE forecast as well as that of other utilities. PPL must achieve ROE from ongoing operations in 2021 at or above the 50th percentile of companies in the UTY for an above-target payout, and ROE of at least 15% for the maximum
payout. Similar to past years, ROE awards will be forfeited if the annual ROE for 2021 performance period is below 8%. As an additional governor, the maximum award will not exceed 100% payout if PPL’s credit rating should drop below investment
grade. Over the one-year performance period of January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, PPL’s annual ROE was
13.63%. Having met all requirements for payout, the 2021 ROE-based performance units, and accrued dividend equivalents on the units, will pay out at 165% following the end of the three-year restriction period
in early 2024. The Compensation Committee granted the following performance unit awards for 2021 subject to PPL’s relative TSR ranking over the 2021-2023
performance period and attainment of ROE during 2021. Performance Unit Awards Granted in 2021 (1) 50% TSR and 50% ROE Name Adjustment 
/ Proration (2) 2021 Base Salary Target (% of Salary) Target Value Award Value TSR Units Granted ROE Units Granted (3) Vince Sorgi $1,133,000 340 % $3,852,200 $3,852,200 69,384 69,384 Joe Bergstein $632,500 176 % $1,113,200 $1,113,200 20,051 20,051 Greg Dudkin (2) January 2021 $626,000 144 % $901,440 $901,440 16,237 16,237 April 2021 $740,000 176 % $1,302,400 Difference (4) $400,960 75% Proration (5) $300,720 5,234 5,234 Paul Thompson $682,800 120 % $819,360 $819,360 14,758 14,758 Wendy Stark (2) April 2021 $525,000 124 % $651,000 $488,250 8,498 8,498 Phil Swift £441,000 96 % £423,360 £423,360 10,475 10,475 (1) Number of performance units granted is the award value divided by the closing price of PPL common stock on the date of
approval or, if later, the effective date (January 21, 2021, $27.76 equivalent to £20.21 using an exchange rate of £0.72817 for Mr. Swift’s award; April 12, 2021, $28.73). All NEO’s except Ms. Stark were awarded
grants on January 21, 2021. (2) Consistent with our compensation program, LTI awards were prorated based upon the number of months in each position, to
the extent applicable. Mr. Dudkin’s LTI targets changed upon his promotion to COO in April and, as a result, Mr. Dudkin received a prorated grant on April 12, 2021. Ms. Stark received a prorated LTI award upon her joining
the company on April 12, 2021. (3) The number of units is rounded up to the nearest full unit. (4) This reflects the difference in the full-year target value of the LTI award in each position. (5) The difference in the full-year target values was prorated based upon the number of months Mr. Dudkin served in each
position. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    49 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Following the Compensation Committee’s assessment and certification of performance in early
2024, the applicable percentage of the performance unit awards and dividend equivalents will vest, if any. The Compensation Committee has no discretion to provide for payment other than as reflected in the actual attainment of the stated performance
goals. Dividend equivalents accrue on the performance units as additional performance units and will vest and be paid according to the applicable level of achievement of the performance goal, if any. 2019–2021 Performance Units TSR-based performance unit awards, accounting for 40% of the total LTI award, were made to the NEOs in 2019, subject to a
three-year performance period. The actual number of units that could vest at the end of the performance period was contingent on PPL’s TSR from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021 relative to companies in the UTY. ROE-based performance unit awards, accounting for 40% of the total LTI award, were made to the NEOs in 2019, subject to a
three-year performance period. The actual number of units that could vest at the end of the performance period was contingent on PPL’s average annual ROE from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021. Forfeiture of 2019–2021 TSR-based Performance Units Over the three-year performance period, PPL’s TSR ranked at the 15th percentile relative to companies in the UTY. As a result, the 2019-2021 TSR-based performance units, and accrued dividend equivalents on the units, were forfeited. Performance units forfeited as a result of 2019–2021 TSR performance had a grant date value of over $1.63 million
in the aggregate for the NEOs, including $593,013 for Mr. Sorgi and $1.038 million in the aggregate for Messrs. Bergstein, Dudkin and Thompson. Payout of 2019–2021 ROE-based Performance Units Over the three-year performance period, PPL’s annual ROE was 14.65% in 2019, 14.01% in 2020, and 13.48% in 2021, resulting in a three-year average of 14.05%. In
order to pay at or above target of 10% or maximum of 14%, PPL’s credit rating was also required to be above investment grade. Having met these requirements, the 2019-2021 ROE-based performance units, and
accrued dividend equivalents on the units, paid out at the maximum of 200%. Performance units that paid out at maximum as a result of PPL’s 2019-2021 ROE performance had a grant date value of $1.63 million in the aggregate for the NEOs,
including $593,013 for Mr. Sorgi and $1.038 million in the aggregate for Messrs. Bergstein, Dudkin and Thompson. Due to the sale of WPD on June 14,
2021, all outstanding long-term incentive awards for Mr. Swift vested at target. Compensation for Mr. Swift Associated with the Sale of WPD The successful sale of WPD in June 2021 was one of the most strategic transactions in the repositioning of PPL. To acknowledge Mr. Swift’s expected substantial
role in connection with the WPD sale process, in addition to his ongoing obligations leading WPD in the ordinary course of business, the Compensation Committee approved the following compensation for him: • A one-time cash Transition Incentive Award was granted to Mr. Swift to
encourage him to remain with WPD and continue performing his obligations in the best interest of WPD and PPL through the closing of the transaction. In addition to continuing to lead WPD in the ordinary course of business, Mr. Swift would have
a significant role in shepherding an expedient, efficient and cooperative diligence process and supporting the consummation of the transaction. As such, the Committee approved a cash award in the amount of £1,786,050, to be paid 50% upon the
signing of the initial sale agreement and 50% upon the closing of the sale transaction. • Upon closing of the sale of WPD, Mr. Swift was to be paid a prorated portion of his annual cash incentive award based
upon financial and operational goal attainment at the time of closing. • Upon closing of the sale of WPD, all outstanding LTI awards for Mr. Swift were to vest in full at target. In connection with the closing of the sale of WPD on June 14, 2021, Mr. Swift received his prorated Annual Cash Incentive Award and all
outstanding LTI awards previously granted to Mr. Swift vested at target. 50    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Other Elements of Compensation In addition to the three elements of total direct compensation (base salary, annual cash incentive and long-term equity incentives in the form of performance units and
restricted stock units), the company also provides other forms of compensation to the NEOs, which are summarized below. Limited Perquisites PPL provides limited executive perquisites to its NEOs. We believe these perquisites are consistent with market practice and serve a direct business interest. Financial planning and tax preparation and support, up to an aggregate cost of $11,000 per year, and estate planning, not to exceed $5,000 in the aggregate, are offered
to each NEO. These services are provided in recognition of time constraints on executives and their more complex compensation program that requires professional financial, tax and estate planning. We believe that good financial planning by experts
reduces the amount of time and attention that executive officers must spend on such issues. Such planning also helps ensure the objectives of our compensation program are met and not hindered by unexpected tax or other consequences. Additionally, each NEO is eligible for an executive physical, up to an aggregate cost of $6,000 every two years, and genetic testing not to exceed $5,000 in the
aggregate. The Compensation Committee believes the benefit is beneficial to both the employee and the company through potential reduced costs and increased productivity. PPL periodically provides security assessments and residential security system upgrades to its NEOs. The company also provides relocation benefits to employees in
connection with joining the company. The incremental cost to PPL of all perquisites received by each of our NEOs for the year is summarized in Note 6 to the Summary
Compensation Table on page 59. Retirement Programs The company
provides eligible employees with the opportunity to build financial resources for retirement through tax-qualified pension benefit plans and defined contribution plans (401(k) plans). In addition, the company
provides eligible executives with non-tax-qualified supplemental pension benefit and deferred compensation opportunities. We have historically viewed our retirement
benefits as a means of providing financial security to our salaried employees after they have spent a substantial portion of their careers with the company. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    51 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION NEOs are eligible for the following pension benefit plans. Retirement Plan Description NEO
Participants PPL Retirement Plan •  Tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan •  Closed to new salaried employees after
December 31, 2011 Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin PPL Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (PPL SERP) •  Nonqualified
defined benefit pension plan to provide for retirement benefits above amounts available under the PPL Retirement Plan •  Vested and eligible to commence payment at age 50 with 10 years of service •  Closed to new officers after
December 31, 2011 Messrs. Sorgi and Dudkin PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan •  Nonqualified
defined benefit pension plan that applies to certain employees hired before January 1, 2012 who are not eligible for the PPL SERP Mr. Bergstein LG&E and KU Pension Plan (LG&E Pension Plan) •  Tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan •  Closed to new participants after
December 31, 2005 Mr. Thompson LG&E and KU Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (LG&E SERP) •  Nonqualified
defined benefit pension plan •  Closed
to new participants after December 31, 2011 Mr. Thompson Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (ESPS) •  U.K. tax-approved defined benefit pension scheme Mr. Swift Additional details about these
plans are provided under “Executive Compensation Tables — Pension Benefits in 2021” beginning on page 65. 52    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION NEOs are eligible for the following voluntary
retirement savings opportunities. Savings Plans Description NEO Participants PPL Deferred Savings Plan (PPL
DSP) •  Tax-qualified defined contribution plan •  PPL provides matching contributions of
up to 3% of the participant’s compensation subject to contribution limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS •  Compensation includes base salary plus annual cash incentive award •  Participants vest in PPL’s matching
contributions after one year of service •  Participants may request distribution of their account at any time following termination of
employment Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin PPL Retirement Savings Plan (PPL
RSP) •  Tax-qualified defined contribution plan •  PPL provides matching contributions of
up to 4.5% of the participant’s compensation subject to contribution limits imposed by the IRS •  PPL provides an additional 3% fixed contribution subject to contribution limits imposed by the IRS •  Compensation includes base salary plus
annual cash incentive award •  Participants vest in PPL’s matching contributions after two years of service •  Participants may request distribution of
their account at any time following termination of employment Ms. Stark PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
(PPL EDCP) •  Non-qualified deferred compensation plan •  Participants may defer some or all of
their compensation in excess of the estimated minimum legally required annual payroll tax withholding and in excess of the amounts allowed by statute under the PPL DSP and PPL RSP •  For participants in the PPL DSP,
matching contributions of up to 3% of the participant’s compensation are made under this plan on behalf of participating officers to make up for matching contributions that could not be made on behalf of such officers under the PPL DSP because
of statutory limits on qualified plan benefits •  For participants in the PPL RSP, matching contributions of up to 4.5% and fixed contributions of 3% of the
participants’ compensation are made under this plan on behalf of participating officers to make up for matching contributions that could not be made on behalf of such officers under the PPL RSP because of statutory limits on qualified plan
benefits •  Compensation includes base
salary plus annual cash incentive award •  There is no vesting condition for the company matching contributions Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin, and Ms. Stark PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    53 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Savings Plans Description NEO Participants LG&E and KU Savings Plan •  Tax-qualified defined contribution plan •  For each dollar deferred, up to 6% of
compensation, LKE contributed 35 cents subject to contribution limits imposed by the IRS •  Compensation includes base salary, plus deferrals to Company-sponsored benefit plans, Section 402(g)
salary redirection, qualified transportation fringe benefit plans, short term incentive compensation, cost of living adjustments, commissions and overtime •  Participants may request distribution of their account at any time following termination of employment,
though there may be applicable tax consequences Mr. Thompson LG&E and KU Energy LLC Nonqualified Savings Plan •  Non-qualified deferred compensation plan •  Participants may defer up to 75% of
their compensation in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plan •  Matching contributions are made under this plan on behalf of eligible participants to make up for matching
contributions that could not be made on behalf of such participants under the LG&E and KU Savings Plan because of statutory limits on qualified plan benefits •  Compensation includes base salary plus annual cash incentive award •  There is no vesting condition for the
company matching contributions Mr. Thompson In addition to the retirement programs described above, the primary capital contribution opportunities for NEOs are stock gains under the
company’s long-term equity incentive program (as described above) and the employee stock ownership plan, or ESOP. The ESOP is a tax-qualified, employee stock ownership plan. Messrs. Thompson and Swift and
Ms. Stark did not participate in the ESOP. No contributions have been made to the ESOP since 2012. Mr. Swift did not participate in any of the savings plans described in the table. 54    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION GOVERNANCE POLICIES UNDERPINNING OUR COMPENSATION FRAMEWORK At PPL, the Compensation Committee and the Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee have adopted strong corporate governance practices that are intended to
drive results and support accountability to shareowners, as well as align interests of executive officers with those of shareowners. What We Do What We Don’t Do ✓ Conduct annual pay risk assessment û No “single trigger” change-in-control severance agreements ✓ Require significant equity ownership: 2x to 6x base salary for executive officers; 5x cash retainer for directors û No hedging or pledging of PPL stock by officers and directors permitted ✓ Maintain clawback policy û No dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards granted to executive officers ✓ Provide proxy access û No tax “gross-ups” in change-in-control severance agreements ✓ Limit perquisites û No new participants in the PPL SERP or LG&E SERP Additional information on PPL’s Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines, hedging and pledging policy and clawback policy can be found
below. Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines An important part of PPL’s compensation philosophy is ensuring a strong linkage between executives and shareowners. The Executive Equity Ownership Guidelines enable
the company to align executives with this philosophy. The guidelines provide that NEOs should maintain the following robust levels of ownership in PPL stock. Executive Officer Level Equity Guideline (Multiple of Salary) CEO (PPL Corporation) 6x Executive Vice Presidents (PPL Corporation) 3x Senior Vice Presidents (PPL Corporation) 2x Presidents of business segments 2x NEOs must attain the minimum ownership requirement that applies to their level by the end of their fifth anniversary at that level. If an
NEO fails to achieve the required level within the specified time frame, the following additional requirements apply until the guideline is exceeded: • The NEO must not sell any shares of PPL stock. • The NEO will be required to retain any vesting equity awards, net of required tax withholding. • The Compensation Committee retains the right, at its discretion, to deliver annual cash incentive awards in the form of
restricted stock unit grants. All NEOs who have served in their current position more than five years were in compliance with their equity
ownership guidelines as of December 31, 2021. All other NEOs were on track as of December 31, 2021 to meet their equity ownership requirements as of the required date. Mr. Swift is no longer subject to executive equity ownership
requirements due to the sale of WPD by PPL on June 14, 2021. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    55 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Hedging and
Pledging Prohibitions In accordance with best governance practices, the company has an established policy that prohibits its officers and directors
from the following actions: • Pledging shares of company stock as collateral for any loans. • Engaging in any form of hedging transaction. • Trading in derivatives of PPL common stock. Clawback Policy The Compensation Committee has a policy regarding the recoupment of executive compensation, commonly referred to as a “clawback.” Subject to the discretion and
approval of the Board, this policy enables the company to seek recoupment of incentive-based compensation awarded to any current executive officer of the company in situations where the Board has determined that: • the company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance by the company with any
financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, and • a lower award would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results. The Board has full and final authority to make all determinations under this policy, including, without limitation, whether the policy applies
and, if so, the amount of cash bonus or other incentive-based compensation, if any, to be repaid by any executive officer. In each such instance, as determined by the Board, the company will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, seek to
recover incentive-based compensation received by such individual in excess of the amount that would have been received under the accounting restatement. Any recoupment under this policy is to be in addition to any other remedies that may be
available to the company under applicable law, including such remedies contained in the company’s equity grant agreements or employment letters, if any. Compensation Risk Assessment The Compensation Committee regularly
considers risks related to the attraction and retention of talent, the design of our compensation programs, and succession planning. Specifically, the Compensation Committee annually reviews management’s assessment of whether risks arising from
our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers, are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company. To do so, the Compensation Committee follows
a risk assessment process that formally identifies and prioritizes compensation plan features that could induce excessive risk-taking, misstatement of financial results or fraudulent misconduct to enhance an employee’s compensation and cause
material harm to the company. Based on this detailed risk assessment process, the Compensation Committee determined that PPL’s compensation programs do not encourage risk-taking incentives that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on PPL. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Other Compensation In addition to the annual direct compensation and retirement programs described above, the company provides other compensation under specific situations as described
below. Employment Agreements . We generally do not enter
into traditional employment agreements with our NEOs. There are no specific agreements with respect to length of employment that would commit the company to pay an NEO for a specific period. Generally, our NEOs are “employees-at-will” whose employment is conditioned on performance and subject to termination by the company at any time. Change-in-Control Protections . The company believes certain executive officers who are terminated without cause or who resign for “good reason” (as defined in “Change-in-Control Benefits” on page 71) in connection with a change in control of PPL Corporation should be provided separation benefits. These benefits are intended to ensure 56    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION that executives focus on serving the company and
shareowner interests without the distraction of possible job and income loss. All of our NEOs have, or in the case of Messrs. Thompson and Swift before their respective departures, had, agreements with the company providing for benefits upon
qualifying terminations of employment in connection with a change in control, which generally include cash severance and accelerated vesting of specific outstanding equity awards. The company believes that its change-in-control benefits are consistent with the practices of companies with whom PPL competes for talent and assist in retaining executives and recruiting new executives to the company. Details on current
arrangements and agreements are discussed further in “Change-in-Control Benefits,” beginning on page 71, and “Termination Benefits” on page 73. Severance Benefits. To continue to retain and protect
our executives, the company has an Executive Severance Plan that provides severance benefits for officers, including all NEOs other than Mr. Swift, terminated for reasons other than cause. The key features of the plan include (1) two years of base pay; (2) an allowance for benefit continuation; and (3) outplacement or career services support.
Severance benefits payable under this program are conditioned on the executive officer agreeing to release the company from any liability arising from the employment relationship. As noted above, the company has agreements with all of the NEOs, other than Mr. Swift, that provide benefits to the executives upon specified terminations of
employment in connection with a change in control of PPL Corporation. The benefits provided under these agreements replace any other severance benefits provided to these officers by PPL Corporation, including the Executive Severance Plan or any
prior severance agreement. Additional details on current arrangements and agreements for NEOs are discussed further below under “Change-in-Control Benefits” beginning on page 71 and “Termination Benefits” on page 73. Transition and Retirement Agreement for Mr. Thompson In August 2021,
Mr. Thompson entered into a Transition and Retirement Agreement with LG&E and KU Services Company and PPL, which governed his departure from LKE and its affiliates effective January 1, 2022. Mr. Thompson agreed to resign as
President and Chief Executive Officer of LKE effective October 1, 2021 and to continue to serve as Executive Vice President to assist with an orderly transition to the new president until Mr. Thompson’s retirement. PPL agreed that
Mr. Thompson would be entitled to the benefits pursuant to the terms of PPL’s Executive Severance Plan effective upon his departure. The Severance Plan provides for a severance payment of $1,365,600, equal to two times
Mr. Thompson’s base salary, which was accrued as of December 31, 2021, the last business day of his employment period, and to be paid six months following his retirement date. Mr. Thompson is also entitled to receive a lump sum
cash payment equal to (i) the aggregate amount of $18,158, which is the employee portion of COBRA premiums for 24 months and (ii) $22,000 in lieu of outplacement and financial planning services, each payable six months following his
separation date. Tax Implications of Our Executive Compensation Program Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code precludes deduction for compensation awarded to certain of our executive officers in excess of
$1 million (other than with respect to certain grandfathered stock options that were in place on November 2, 2017 and that were not later modified in any respect). While the Compensation Committee continues to consider tax deductibility in
structuring compensation paid to executive officers, the primary goals of our executive compensation program are to attract, incentivize and retain key employees and align pay with performance. The Compensation Committee retains the ability to
provide compensation that exceeds deductibility limits as it determines appropriate. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    57 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES The following table summarizes all compensation for our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer, our next three most highly compensated executives and a
former executive, known as our named executive officers, or NEOs, for service to PPL and its subsidiaries. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position (1) Year Salary (2) Bonus Stock Awards (3) Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (4) Change
in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (5) All
Other Compensation (6) Total Total Without Change in Pension Value (7) Vincent Sorgi President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 2021 $ 1,132,492 — $ 5,111,866 — $2,654,619 $2,361,092 $      96,412 $ 11,356,481 $8,995,389 2020 987,569 — 3,514,187 — 1,238,050 1,940,207 94,430 7,774,443 5,834,236 2019 644,678 — 1,575,013 — 1,089,766 1,355,645 66,307 4,731,409 3,375,764 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 2021 631,615 — 1,477,271 — 928,206 868,741 32,936 3,938,769 3,070,028 2020 604,711 — 1,177,243 — 431,250 1,283,165 38,638 3,535,007 2,251,842 2019 399,720 — 603,465 — 516,885 677,931 27,440 2,225,441 1,547,510 Gregory N. Dudkin Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) 2021 706,834 — 1,595,364 — 1,067,062 652,524 19,700 4,041,484 3,388,960 2020 641,943 — 1,119,749 — 560,251 723,866 16,284 3,062,093 2,338,227 2019 588,731 — 1,128,314 — 709,605 810,821 23,290 3,260,761 2,449,940 Paul W. Thompson Executive Vice President - LG&E and KU Energy LLC (LKE) 2021 687,746 — 1,087,296 — 987,284 — 1,435,002 4,197,328 4,197,328 2020 687,503 — 1,017,912 — 481,255 2,913,898 48,187 5,148,755 2,234,857 2019 642,563 — 1,025,636 — 985,249 2,699,085 68,430 5,420,963 2,721,878 Wendy E. Stark Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal Officer (CLO) 2021 373,558 $ 250,000 647,967 — 722,295 — 166,582 2,160,402 2,160,402 Philip Swift Chief Executive - Western Power Distribution (WPD) 2021 280,067 2,499,086 771,760 — 290,255 1,420,135 284,825 5,546,128 4,125,993 (1) This column reflects the title of each NEO as of December 31, 2021. Effective April 12, 2021, Mr. Bergstein was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
from Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Effective April 12, 2021, Mr. Dudkin was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from
President of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation (PPL Electric). Effective October 1, 2021, Mr. Thompson’s title changed to Executive Vice President from President and CEO
of LKE in preparation for his departure effective January 1, 2022. Effective April 12, 2021, Ms. Stark joined the company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary. Chief Legal Officer was added to Ms. Stark’s title effective January 1, 2022. Effective June 14, 2021, PPL completed the sale of its U.K. utility business of which Mr. Swift served as Chief
Executive. Mr. Swift was based in the United Kingdom and was compensated in British pounds sterling. We converted his 2021 cash compensation and personal benefits to U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of $1.3941, which is the average 2021 monthly
translation rate through June 14, 2021, except with respect to the Bonus amount, which was split into equal payments on March 19, 2021 and June 14, 2021 and converted to U.S. dollars at exchange rates on the dates of payment of
$1.3872 and $1.41125, respectively, and the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation amount, which was converted to U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of $1.41125, the translation rate for June 14, 2021,
the date the cash incentive award was paid. (2) Salary includes cash compensation deferred to the PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan or, for Mr. Thompson, to
the LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan. The following NEOs deferred salary in 2021 in the amounts indicated: Mr. Sorgi ($33,975); Mr. Bergstein ($44,213); Mr. Thompson ($41,265); and Ms. Stark ($20,596). These amounts are
included in the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2021” table on page 70 as executive contributions for the last fiscal year. For Thompson, Salary also includes a cash in lieu of vacation payout, which is a regular benefit offered to
all non-union employees and certain union employees in Kentucky of an automatic payout of up to one week after using at least two weeks of vacation and rolling over one week of vacation. 58    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (3) This column represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units and performance units as calculated
under ASC Topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures. The grant date fair value of restricted stock units is calculated using the closing price of PPL common stock on the NYSE on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of the
performance units reflected in this column are the target payouts based on the probable outcome of the performance condition, determined as of the grant date, and are disclosed in the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards During 2021” table on page
61. The maximum potential values as of the grant date of the TSR-based performance units granted in 2021 assuming the highest level of performance are as follows: Mr. Sorgi — $4,445,433;
Mr. Bergstein — $1,284,668; Mr. Dudkin — $1,387,365; Mr. Thompson — $945,545; Ms. Stark — $563,492; and Mr. Swift — $671,133. The maximum potential values as of the grant date of the ROE-based performance units granted in 2021 assuming the highest level of performance are as follows: Mr. Sorgi — $3,852,200; Mr. Bergstein — $1,113,232; Mr. Dudkin — $1,202,224;
Mr. Thompson — $819,364; Ms. Stark — $488,295; and Mr. Swift — $581,572. For additional information on the assumptions made in the valuation of performance units, refer to Note 11 to the PPL financial statements in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC. Further information regarding the 2021 awards is included in the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards During
2021” and “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2021” tables elsewhere in this proxy statement. (4) Amounts represent cash awards paid in March 2022 for performance under the company’s annual cash incentive award
program for 2021, which were made under PPL’s 2016 Short-term Incentive Plan for all NEOs. These amounts include amounts the NEOs have elected to defer to the PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan or, for Mr. Thompson, to the LG&E
and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan. The following NEOs deferred cash awards in the amounts indicated: Mr. Sorgi — $159,277; Mr. Bergstein — $185,641; Mr. Thompson — $59,237 and Ms. Stark — $72,230. These amounts
will be included in the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2022” table as executive contributions in next year’s proxy statement if the executive is an NEO for 2022. (5) This column represents the sum of the changes during 2021 in the actuarial present value of accumulated benefit in the PPL
Retirement Plan and PPL Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or PPL SERP, for Messrs. Sorgi and Dudkin; the PPL Retirement Plan and PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan for Mr. Bergstein; the LG&E and KU Pension Plan and the
LG&E and KU Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Mr. Thompson; and the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme for Mr. Swift. The amount shown for Mr. Swift does not include accrual of additional benefits as he ceased
participation in 2016 and has been receiving cash payments in lieu of ongoing accrual of benefits, which are included in All Other Compensation above. No above-market or preferential earnings under the PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, the
LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan or the LG&E Energy Corp. Nonqualified Savings Plan were reportable for 2021. No amounts are shown for 2021 for Mr. Thompson because his change in pension value during 2021 was a negative amount.
Mr. Thompson’s net decrease in pension value for 2021 was $329,452 and consisted of a decrease in the value of his accumulated benefit under the LG&E SERP of $54,114 and a decrease in the value of his accumulated benefit under the
LG&E and KU Retirement Plan of $275,338. See “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2021” beginning on page 69 for additional information. Mr. Swift
did not participate in a deferred compensation plan. (6) The table below reflects the components of this column for 2021, which include (i) the company’s matching
contribution for each individual’s 401(k) plan contributions, (ii) the company’s fixed contribution for any individual participating in the PPL RSP, (iii) the company’s contributions under nonqualified deferred compensation
plans, or NQDC, (iv) certain perquisites including financial planning and tax preparation services, executive physicals, and (v) other benefits or payments as noted. Name 401(k) Match 401(k) Fixed Contribution NQDC Employer Contributions Financial Planning and Tax Preparation Executive Physical Other Total Sorgi $8,700 N/A $63,417 $11,000 $3,295 $      10,000 (b) $ 96,412 Bergstein 8,700 N/A 23,186 1,050 — — 32,936 Dudkin 8,700 N/A — 11,000 — — 19,700 Thompson 6,090 N/A 18,459 4,695 — 1,405,758 (c) 1,435,002 Stark — — (a) 25,745 9,000 3,295 128,542 (b) 166,582 Swift — N/A — — — 284,825 (d) 284,825 (a) Ms. Stark did not receive any company contributions in her 401(k) because she reached the IRS limit at her previous
employer before joining PPL. (b) For Mr. Sorgi includes contributions made by the company under our charitable matching gift program, pursuant to
which we will contribute, on a 100% matching basis, up to $10,000 per year per person to specified charitable institutions. For Ms. Stark, includes $116,609 of relocation costs as well as $11,933 of residential security updates. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    59 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (c) For Mr. Thompson, includes a $1,365,600 severance payment equal to two times his base salary, a $22,000 lump sum
payment equal to the employee portion of COBRA premiums for 24 months and a $18,158 cash payment in lieu of outplacement and financial planning services. See “Transition and Retirement Agreement for Mr. Thompson” beginning on page 57
for additional information. See also “Summary of Benefits – Termination Events” beginning on page 74 for information regarding the value of his accelerated equity awards. (d) For Mr. Swift, includes a $274,842 cash payment in lieu of a pension accrual as well as an executive car allowance of
$9,010, $800 for the cost of his private medical insurance plan in the United Kingdom and $173 for phone service. Mr. Swift was based in the United Kingdom and was compensated in British pounds sterling. See footnote 1 above for a description
of the exchange rate used to convert his 2021 personal benefits to U.S. dollars. See also “Summary of Benefits — Termination Events” beginning on page 74 for information regarding the value of his accelerated equity awards. (7) In order to show the effect that the year-over-year change in pension value had on total compensation, as determined under
applicable SEC rules, we have included an additional column to show total compensation minus the change in pension value. The amounts reported in the Total Without Change in Pension Value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in
the Total column required under SEC rules and are not a substitute for total compensation. Total Without Change in Pension Value represents total compensation, as determined under applicable SEC rules, minus the change in pension value reported in
the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column. The change in pension value is subject to many external variables, such as interest rates, assumptions about life expectancy and changes in the discount rate
determined at each year end, which are functions of economic factors and actuarial calculations that are not related to the company’s performance and are outside of the control of the Compensation Committee. 60    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS DURING 2021 The following table provides information about equity and non-equity incentive plan awards granted to the NEOs in 2021. Grant Date Estimated Future Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated Future Payouts under Equity Incentive Plan
Awards (2) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (3) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (4) Name Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Vincent Sorgi 1/21/2021 $708,125 $1,416,250 $2,832,500 1/21/2021 34,692 $   963,050 1/21/2021 (5) 17,346 69,384 138,768 2,222,716 1/21/2021 (6) 34,692 69,384 138,768 1,926,100 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. 1/21/2021 253,000 506,000 1,012,000 1/21/2021 10,026 278,322 1/21/2021 (5) 5,013 20,051 40,102 642,334 1/21/2021 (6) 10,026 20,051 40,102 556,616 Gregory N. Dudkin 1/21/2021 296,000 592,000 1,184,000 1/21/2021 8,119 225,383 1/21/2021 (5) 4,059 16,237 32,474 520,152 1/21/2021 (6) 8,119 16,237 32,474 450,739 4/12/2021 2,617 75,186 4/12/2021 (5) 1,309 5,234 10,468 173,530 4/12/2021 (6) 2,617 5,234 10,468 150,373 Paul W. Thompson 1/21/2021 290,190 580,380 1,160,760 1/21/2021 7,379 204,841 1/21/2021 (5) 3,690 14,758 29,516 472,773 1/21/2021 (6) 7,379 14,758 29,516 409,682 Wendy E. Stark 4/12/2021 196,875 393,750 787,500 4/12/2021 4,249 122,074 4/12/2021 (5) 2,125 8,498 16,996 281,746 4/12/2021 (6) 4,249 8,498 16,996 244,148 Philip Swift 1/21/2021 74,018 148,037 296,074 1/21/2021 5,238 145,407 1/21/2021 (5) 2,619 10,475 20,950 335,568 1/21/2021 (6) 5,238 10,475 20,950 290,786 (1) These columns show the potential payout range under the 2021 annual cash incentive award program. For additional
information, see “CD&A — 2021 Named Executive Officer Compensation — 2021 Annual Cash Incentive Awards” beginning on page 40. The cash incentive payout range is generally from 50% to 200% of target. If the actual Corporate
Net Income performance is below the goal required to achieve a threshold payout, the award will be forfeited. Mr. Swift was based in the United Kingdom and was compensated in British pounds sterling. We converted his annual cash incentive award
ranges to U.S. dollars at an exchange rate of $1.3941, which was the average monthly translation rate for January 1, 2021 through June 14, 2021. (2) These columns show the potential payout range for the performance units, both TSR and ROE, granted in 2021 to the NEOs
under PPL’s SIP. For additional information, see “CD&A — 2021 Named Executive Officer Compensation — 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards — 2021 Performance Unit Awards” beginning on page 48. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    61 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (3) This column shows the number of forward-looking time-vested restricted stock units granted in 2021 to the NEOs under
PPL’s SIP. In general, restrictions on the awards will lapse three years from the date of grant. Each restricted stock unit entitles the executive to receive additional restricted stock units equal in value to the amount of quarterly dividends
paid on PPL common stock. These additional restricted stock units are payable in shares of PPL common stock at the end of the restriction period, subject to the same conditions as the underlying restricted stock units. (4) This column shows the grant date fair value, as calculated under ASC Topic 718, of the performance units and restricted
stock units granted to the NEOs, without taking into account estimated forfeitures. The grant date fair value for restricted stock units and performance units based on ROE were based on the closing price of PPL common stock on the NYSE on the grant
dates as follows: January 21, 2021, $27.76 and April 12, 2021, $28.73. For performance units based on TSR, the grant date fair value was calculated using a Monte Carlo pricing model value as follows: January 21, 2021, $32.04 and
April 12, 2021, $33.15. For additional information on the valuation assumptions for performance units, see Note 11 to the PPL financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC. (5) The payout range for TSR-based performance unit awards granted in 2021 is from 25%
to 200% of target. The performance period is from 2021 through 2023. At the end of the performance period, PPL TSR for the three-year period is compared to the total return of the companies in the UTY. Shares of PPL common stock reflecting the
applicable number of performance units, as well as dividend equivalents, will vest and be paid according to the applicable level of achievement of the performance goal, if any. If actual performance falls below the 25% payout level, the payout is
zero. In connection with the closing of the sale of WPD on June 14, 2021, all outstanding performance units previously granted to Mr. Swift vested at target, including the TSR-based performance unit
awards granted in 2021. (6) The payout range for ROE-based performance unit awards granted in 2021 is from 50%
to 200% of target. The performance period for just those granted in 2021 is from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, with an overall three-year restriction period. In connection with the closing of the sale of WPD on June 14, 2021,
all outstanding performance units previously granted to Mr. Swift vested at target, including the ROE-based performance unit awards granted in 2021. 62    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 2021 The following table provides information on all unexercised stock option awards, as well as all unvested restricted stock unit awards and unearned and
unvested performance units, for each NEO as of December 31, 2021. Each stock option grant, as well as each grant of performance units that is unearned and unvested, is shown separately for each NEO, and the restricted stock units that have not
vested are shown in the aggregate. The vesting schedule for each grant is shown following this table, based on the grant date of the stock option, restricted stock unit award or performance unit award grant date. The market value of the stock awards
is based on the closing price of PPL common stock on the NYSE as of December 31, 2021, the last trading day of 2021, which was $30.06. For additional information about stock awards, see “CD&A — 2021 Named Executive
Officer Compensation — 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards” beginning on page 47. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date (1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (2) (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3) (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units 
or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (4) (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have
Not Vested ($) Vincent Sorgi 1/26/12 29,624 25.41 1/25/22 1/24/13 55,153 26.59 1/23/23 71,110 2,137,575 1/23/20 (5) 5,138 154,441 1/23/20 (6) 41,102 1,235,526 6/1/20 (5) 6,668 200,440 6/1/20 (6) 53,344 1,603,519 1/21/21 (5) 72,478 2,178,703 1/21/21 (6) 119,590 3,594,861 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. 1/24/13 20,645 26.59 1/23/23 21,459 645,069 1/23/20 (5) 3,487 104,826 1/23/20 (6) 27,898 838,608 1/21/21 (5) 20,945 629,615 1/21/21 (6) 34,560 1,038,864 Gregory N. Dudkin 25,894 778,374 1/23/20 (5) 3,317 99,706 1/23/20 (6) 26,535 797,651 1/21/21 (5) 16,961 509,853 1/21/21 (6) 27,986 841,257 4/12/21 (5) 5,390 162,014 4/12/21 (6) 8,893 267,323 Paul W. Thompson 21,087 633,889 1/23/20 (5) 3,015 90,638 1/23/20 (6) 24,122 725,107 1/21/21 (5) 15,416 463,411 1/21/21 (6) 25,437 764,628 Wendy E. Stark 4,375 131,524 4/12/21 (5) 8,751 263,048 4/12/21 (6) 14,439 434,030 (1) For a better understanding of this table, we have included an additional column showing the grant date of the outstanding
stock options and the unearned and unvested performance units. No options have been granted since 2013. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    63 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (2) All securities underlying unexercised options are exercisable. (3) All restricted stock units for the NEOs under PPL’s SIP and ICPKE vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.
All of Mr. Thompson’s restricted stock units will vest on July 1, 2022, six months after his retirement date. The dates that restrictions lapse for each restricted stock unit award granted to the NEOs and the number of restricted
stock units, including any accrued dividend equivalents reflected as additional restricted stock units, are: Grant Date Name 1/24/2022 6/14/2022 7/1/2022 1/23/2023 6/1/2023 1/21/2024 4/12/2024 Sorgi 1/24/19 10,047 7/1/19 1,213 1/23/20 10,276 6/1/20 13,335 1/21/21 36,239 Bergstein 1/24/19 1,533 7/1/19 2,478 1/23/20 6,975 1/21/21 10,473 Dudkin 1/24/19 8,084 1/23/20 6,634 1/21/21 8,481 4/12/21 2,695 Thompson 1/24/19 7,348 1/23/20 6,031 1/21/21 7,708 Stark 4/12/21 4,375 (4) These performance units, both TSR and ROE, are payable in shares of PPL common stock following a three-year performance
period, except for the ROE-based performance units granted in 2021 that have a one-year performance period and will be payable after an overall three-year restriction
period. While the performance period ends on December 31, 2021 for the 2019 awards and December 31, 2022 for the 2020 awards, the number of performance units earned is not determined until the Compensation Committee certifies that the
level of performance goals have been achieved. The number of performance units earned at the time of certification may be more or less than the number of awards reflected in this table, depending on whether or not the performance goals have been
achieved and the level of achievement. See “CD&A — 2021 Named Executive Officer Compensation — 2021 Long-term Equity Incentive Awards — 2021 Performance Unit Awards” beginning on page 48 for a discussion of the
performance goals related to TSR and ROE awards and the attainment levels for each award. (5) The number of TSR-based performance units granted in 2020 disclosed in the table
for each NEO represents the threshold payout amount. The threshold amount is used because PPL’s TSR was below threshold as compared to its industry peers for 2020 and 2021, the first and second year of the three-year performance period for the
2020 awards. The number of shares shown in the table for each NEO also includes dividend equivalents reflected as additional performance units. The number of TSR-based performance units granted in 2021 disclosed in the table
for each NEO represents the target payout amount. The target amount is used because PPL’s TSR exceeded threshold but was below the target payout level of the awards as compared to its industry peers for 2021, the first year of the three-year
performance period for the 2021 awards. The number of shares shown in the table for each NEO also includes dividend equivalents reflected as additional performance units. (6) In light of the transformational nature of the potential sale of the U.K. utility business in 2021, PPL’s ROE-based performance units issued for 2021 were based on a one-year performance period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021; however, these units retained the
three-year vesting schedule and other characteristics. The number of ROE-based performance units granted in 2021 and disclosed in the table for each NEO represents the actual payout amount for 2021 as the
performance period has completed. The number of ROE-based performance units granted in 2019 and 2020 disclosed in the table for each NEO represents the maximum payout amount as ROE attainment for 2019 and 2020
was above the target payout level. The number of shares shown in the table for each NEO also includes dividend equivalents reflected as additional performance units. 64    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN 2021 The following table provides information for each of the NEOs with respect to (1) stock option exercises during 2021, including the number of shares acquired or
treated as acquired upon exercise and the value realized, and (2) the number of shares acquired during 2021 upon the vesting of restricted stock units and the deemed vesting of performance units and the value realized, each before payment of
any applicable withholding tax and broker commissions. No options have been granted since 2013. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise Value Realized on Exercise (1) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (2) Value Realized on Vesting (3) Vincent Sorgi 26,561 $117,931 54,564 $1,622,837 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. — — 18,703 559,540 Gregory N. Dudkin — — 39,999 1,188,294 Paul W. Thompson — — 36,310 1,078,766 Philip Swift — — 65,202 1,907,304 (1) Amounts reflect the difference between the exercise price of the stock option award and the closing price on the NYSE of
the shares of PPL common stock underlying the stock option award at the time of exercise. (2) Includes the vesting of all outstanding restricted stock units, TSR-based performance units and ROE-based performance units for Mr. Swift, which vested on June 14, 2021, the date PPL completed the sale of its U.K. utility business. (3) Amounts reflect the closing price on the NYSE of the shares of PPL common stock underlying the restricted stock units on
the day the restrictions lapsed and the closing price on December 31, 2021 on the NYSE of the shares of PPL common stock underlying the ROE-based performance unit awards granted in 2019 that are deemed to
have been earned as of December 31, 2021, the last day of the three-year performance period. For Mr. Swift, amounts for all vested awards reflect the closing price on the NYSE of the shares of PPL common stock underlying all outstanding
equity awards on his vesting date. PENSION BENEFITS IN 2021 The following table sets forth information on the pension benefits for the NEOs under (1) the PPL Retirement Plan, (2) the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension
Plan, (3) the PPL Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (PPL SERP), (4) the LG&E and KU Pension Plan (LG&E Pension Plan), (5) the LG&E and KU Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (LG&E SERP) and (6) the Electricity
Supply Pension Scheme (ESPS). Ms. Stark does not participate in a PPL Pension Plan. Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service Present Value 
of Accumulated Benefit (1)(2) Payments During Last Fiscal Year Vincent Sorgi PPL Retirement Plan 15.7 $  1,052,974 — PPL SERP 15.7 6,931,730 — Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. PPL Retirement Plan 22.4 1,207,524 — PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan 22.4 2,905,529 — Gregory N. Dudkin PPL Retirement Plan 12.5 1,113,851 — PPL SERP 12.5 3,876,498 — Paul W. Thompson LG&E Pension Plan 30.0 2,347,218 — LG&E SERP 30.0 11,458,400 — Philip
Swift (3) ESPS 24.0 8,172,478 — PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    65 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (1) The assumptions used in estimating the present values of each NEO’s accumulated pension benefit are as follows: Plan Assumed Retirement Date (a) Discount Rate Mortality Assumption (b) PPL Retirement Plan 60 3.15% Annuity Form of Payment. Pri-2012 gender specific employee and healthy retiree tables with white collar adjustment and applying mortality projection Scale MP-2020 mortality improvements on a generational basis. Adjustment factor of -2% applied to base table (contingent survivor tables are used for all current beneficiary
survivors and contingent survivors after the future death of the primary retiree). PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan 60 3.15% LG&E Pension Plan 60 3.14% LG&E SERP 62 3.15% PPL SERP 60 3.20% Lump-sum Form of Payment. 50%/50% blend at the male and female Pri-2012 nondisabled annuitant mortality
table with no collar adjustment and applying mortality projection Scale MP-2020 mortality improvements on a generational basis. ESPS 60 3.45% Standard tables S2PMA and S2PFA appropriate for the member’s and spouse’s years of birth and future improvements subject to the standard table projected forward in line with the 2018
CMI Core Projections with a long-term improvement of 1.5% per annum (a) For each plan, this column reflects the age at which retirement may occur without any reduction in benefits. For the PPL
Retirement Plan and the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan, an employee may retire without any reduction in benefits at age 60 provided that the employee has at least 20 years of service. (b) The annuity form of payment is used for the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan and the LG&E SERP as that is
the only form of benefit under those plans. A blend of the annuity and lump-sum forms of payment is used for the PPL Retirement Plan and LG&E Pension Plan as both forms of payment are available under those
plans. The lump-sum form of payment is used for the PPL SERP as the covered NEOs have elected that form of payment. (2) The present values in the column reflect theoretical figures prescribed by the SEC for disclosure and comparison purposes.
The table below reflects the benefits payable under the PPL SERP, the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan and the LG&E SERP upon the listed events assuming termination of employment occurred as of December 31, 2021. Name (a) Retirement Death Disability Sorgi $ 6,242,961 $ 6,242,961 $ 6,242,961 Bergstein (b) — 1,147,780 — Dudkin 4,167,531 4,167,531 4,167,531 Thompson (c) 11,458,400 7,908,749 11,286,955 (a) Messrs. Sorgi and Dudkin have elected to receive benefits payable under the PPL SERP as a lump-sum payment, subject to applicable law. For Messrs. Bergstein and Thompson, the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan and LG&E SERP, respectively, do not provide for a lump-sum payment, but a lump-sum amount is shown here for comparison purposes. The amounts shown in this table represent the values that would have become payable based on a
December 31, 2021 termination of employment. Actual payment would be made following December 31, 2021 subject to plan rules and in compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. (b) Mr. Bergstein participates in the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan. He does not participate in the PPL
SERP. If Mr. Bergstein had died on December 31, 2021, he would have been eligible to receive benefits under the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan. If he had terminated employment on December 31, 2021, he would be eligible at
age 55 for a monthly payment of approximately $10,861 under the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan. 66    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (c) If Mr. Thompson had retired on December 31, 2021 and commenced his LG&E SERP benefit on January 1,
2022, the monthly LG&E SERP benefit payable as a life annuity would have been $62,088. If he had died on December 31, 2021, the monthly LG&E SERP benefit payable to his spouse for her lifetime beginning on January 1, 2022 would
have been $34,011. If Mr. Thompson had become disabled on December 31, 2021, the monthly LG&E SERP disability benefit payable at age 65 as a life annuity (assuming continued accrual) would have been $61,745. (3) The table reflects Mr. Swift’s present value of his accumulated benefit under the WPD Electricity Supply Pension
Scheme, in each case, as of June 14, 2021. As a result of the completion of the sale of WPD on June 14, 2021, PPL no longer administers or has any obligation with respect to benefits payable under the WPD Electricity Supply Pension Scheme,
including the accumulated benefit payable to Mr. Swift, and accordingly has not presented any information as of December 31, 2021. PPL Retirement Plan. The PPL Retirement Plan is a funded and tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plan that covers approximately 1,250 active
employees as of December 31, 2021 and was closed to new salaried employees after December 31, 2011. • Benefit Formula . The plan provides benefits based primarily on a formula that takes into account the executive’s
earnings for each fiscal year. Benefits under the PPL Retirement Plan for eligible employees are determined as the greater of (1) a “career average pay formula” of 2.25% of annual earnings for each year of credited service under the
plan; or (2) a “final average pay formula” comprised of 1.3% of final average earnings up to the Average Social Security Wage Base plus 1.7% of final average earnings in excess of the Average Social Security Wage Base
multiplied by the sum of years of credited service (up to a maximum of 40 years). Under the final average pay formula, “final average earnings” equal the average of the highest 60 months of pay during the last 120 months of
credited service. The Average Social Security Wage Base is the average of the taxable Social Security Wage Base for the 35 consecutive years preceding an employee’s retirement date or, for employees retiring at the end of 2021, $88,932.
The executive’s annual earnings taken into account under each formula include base salary and cash incentive awards but may not exceed an IRS-prescribed limit applicable to tax-qualified plans. • Form of Benefit . The benefit an employee earns is payable starting at retirement or termination on a monthly basis
for life or in a lump sum. Benefits are computed on the basis of the life annuity form of pension, with a normal retirement age of 65. Benefits are reduced for retirement prior to age 60 for employees with 20 years of credited service and
reduced prior to age 65 for other employees. Employees vested in the PPL Retirement Plan after five years of credited service. In addition, the plan provides for joint and survivor annuity choices and does not require employee
contributions. Benefits under the PPL Retirement Plan are subject to the limitations imposed under Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code. Benefits in excess of these federal limits are payable from company funds under the PPL Supplemental
Compensation Pension Plan described below unless the employee is eligible for benefits under the PPL SERP described below. PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan. This plan is unfunded, is not qualified for tax purposes and covers approximately 20 active employees hired prior to January 1, 2012 who are
vested in the PPL Retirement Plan at the time of termination or retirement. All benefits under this plan are subject to the claims of the company’s creditors in the event of bankruptcy. The benefit formula is the same as the PPL Retirement Plan
but reflects compensation in excess of the IRS-prescribed limit of $290,000 for 2021. The plan benefit is calculated using all PPL-affiliated company service, not just
service credited under the PPL Retirement Plan. Upon retirement, this plan will only pay out the “excess” benefit above and beyond the PPL Retirement Plan. PPL Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (PPL SERP). The PPL SERP covers Messrs. Sorgi and
Dudkin and provides for retirement benefits above amounts available under the PPL Retirement Plan described above. The PPL SERP is unfunded and is not qualified for tax purposes. Accrued benefits under the PPL SERP are subject to claims of the
company’s creditors in the event of bankruptcy. The PPL SERP was closed to new officers hired after December 31, 2011. • Benefit Formula . The PPL SERP formula is 2.0% of final average earnings for the first 20 years of credited
service plus 1.5% of final average earnings for the next 10 years. “Final average earnings” is the average of the highest 60 months of earnings during the last 120 months of credited service. “Earnings” include
base salary and annual cash incentive awards. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    67 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Form of Benefit . The normal retirement age in the PPL SERP is age 65. Generally, no benefit is payable under the PPL
SERP if the executive officer has less than 10 years of service unless specifically authorized, such as upon a qualifying termination in connection with a change in control. Benefits under the PPL SERP are paid, in accordance with a
participant’s advance election, as a single sum or as an annuity, including choices of a joint and survivor or years-certain annuity. At age 50 with 10 years of service, accrued benefits are vested. Benefits begin accruing after age 30. Prior
to age 60 benefits are reduced for early retirement. After the completion of 10 years of service, participants are eligible for death benefit protection. • Years of Service . The total PPL SERP benefit cannot increase beyond 30 years of service for any participant. LG&E and KU Pension Plan (LG&E Pension Plan). The LG&E Pension
Plan is a funded and tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plan that covers approximately 810 active employees as of December 31, 2021 and was closed to new participants on December 31, 2005. • Benefit Formula . The LG&E Pension Plan provides benefits based on a formula that takes into account the
executive’s average monthly earnings and years of service. Benefits for eligible employees are determined as the greater of (1) 1.58% of average monthly earnings plus 0.40% of average monthly earnings in excess of “covered
compensation” multiplied by years of credited service (up to a maximum of 30 years) and (2) 1.68% of average monthly earnings multiplied by years of credited service (up to a maximum of 30 years). The “average monthly
earnings” is the average of the highest five consecutive years of monthly earnings prior to termination of employment. “Monthly earnings” is defined as total compensation as indicated on Form W-2 including deferrals to a 401(k) plan, but excluding any earnings from the exercise of stock options, limited to the IRS-prescribed limit applicable to tax-qualified plans, divided by 12. “Covered compensation” is 1/12th of the average of the Social Security Wage Base for the 35-year period ending with the year of a
participant’s social security retirement age. The Social Security Wage Base for future years is assumed to be equal to the Social Security Wage Base of the current year. • Form of Benefit . The benefit an employee earns is payable starting at retirement on a monthly basis for life.
Benefits are calculated on the basis of the life annuity form of pension with a normal retirement age of 65. Early retirement occurs at the earlier of age 55 or 30 years of service. Effective January 1, 2015, there is no early
retirement reduction after attainment of age 60. As a result, prior to age 60, benefits are reduced. Employees vested in the LG&E Pension Plan after five years of service. Benefits under the LG&E Pension Plan are subject to the
limitations imposed under Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code. LG&E and KU
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (LG&E SERP). Closed to new participants after December 31, 2011, the LG&E SERP is unfunded and is not qualified for tax purposes. Accrued benefits under the plan are subject to
claims of the company’s creditors in the event of bankruptcy. • Benefit Formula . The LG&E SERP formula is equal to 64% of the average monthly compensation less: (1) 100% of the
monthly qualified LG&E Pension Plan benefit payable at age 65; (2) 100% of the primary Social Security Benefit payable at age 65; (3) 100% of any matching contribution or the employer contribution for those participants for whom the
defined contribution plan is the primary retirement vehicle; and (4) 100% of the annuity value any other employer-provided benefit payable at age 65 as a life annuity from any qualified defined benefit plan or defined contribution plan (if
such qualified defined contribution plan was the employer’s primary vehicle for retirement) sponsored by previous employers. The net benefit is multiplied by a fraction, not to exceed one, the numerator of which is years of service at date of
termination and the denominator of which is 15. “Average monthly compensation” is the average compensation for the highest 36 consecutive months preceding termination of employment. “Compensation” is defined as base salary plus
short-term incentive pay prior to any deferrals under any qualified or nonqualified deferred compensation plan. • Retirement Age . Normal retirement is age 65. Early retirement for a participant who has been credited with at
least five years of service and whose age is at least age 50 is the later of separation of service or age 55. There is no early retirement reduction after attainment of age 62. Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (ESPS). Mr. Swift was an active participant in the ESPS, a
U.K. tax-approved defined benefit pension scheme. In response to certain changes in U.K. tax law, Mr. Swift terminated his participation in the ESPS effective March 2, 2016. After termination, in
lieu of ongoing accrual of benefits under the ESPS, Mr. Swift began to receive cash payments calculated as a fixed percentage of his salary and bonuses, which are disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table. 68    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION IN 2021 PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. The PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan allows
participants to defer all or a portion of their cash compensation in excess of the required minimum payroll taxes. In addition, the company made matching contributions to this plan during 2021 to Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin of up to 3% of
the executive’s cash compensation (base salary plus annual cash incentive award) to match executive contributions that would have been made to PPL’s tax-qualified 401(k) deferred savings plan, also
known as the PPL Deferred Savings Plan, except for IRS-imposed limitations on those contributions. The company made matching contributions to this plan during 2021 to Ms. Stark of up to 4.5% and a fixed
contribution of 3% of the executive’s cash compensation (base salary plus annual cash incentive award) to match executive contributions that would have been made to PPL’s tax-qualified 401(k)
retirement savings plan, also known as the PPL Retirement Savings Plan, except for IRS-imposed limitations on those contributions. The PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is unfunded and is not qualified
for tax purposes. All benefits under this plan are subject to the claims of the company’s creditors in the event of bankruptcy. A hypothetical account is established for each participant who elects to defer, and the participant selects one or
more deemed investment choices that generally mirror those that are available to employees under the PPL Deferred Savings Plan and the PPL Retirement Savings Plan at Fidelity Investments. These investment accounts include large, mid and small cap
index and investment funds, international equity index funds, target date funds, bond funds and a stable value fund, with returns that ranged from -1.63% to 31.73% during 2021. Earnings and losses on each
account are determined based on the performance of the investment funds selected by the participant. The company maintains each account as a bookkeeping entry. During 2021, Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin and Ms. Stark notionally
invested in one or more of those funds. In general, the NEOs who participate in this plan cannot withdraw any amounts from their deferred accounts until they have
either left or retired from the company. However, the plan allows in-service withdrawals provided the date of payment is at least twelve months after the deferral election becomes irrevocable. In addition, the
company’s Corporate Leadership Council has the discretion to approve a “hardship distribution” if there is an unforeseeable emergency that causes a severe financial hardship to the participant. Participants may elect distribution in one or more annual installments for a period of up to 15 years, provided the participant complies with the election and timing
rules of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan. Mr. Thompson is a participant in the LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan. The plan allows participants to defer up to a maximum of 75% of base salary and annual cash incentive awards. In
addition, the participant receives a matching contribution equal to 35% of the first 6% deferred if that participant is not eligible for matching contributions in the LG&E and KU Savings Plan (a tax-qualified 401(k) plan) at the time the deferred compensation would have otherwise been paid to the participant. The LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan is unfunded and is not qualified for tax
purposes. All benefits under the LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan are subject to the claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy. A hypothetical account is established for each participant who elects to defer. The amount in the
participant’s hypothetical account is credited with interest at an annual rate equal to the Prime Interest Rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal . The Prime Interest Rate is reset quarterly based on the last day of the preceding
calendar quarter or March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. Under this investment option, the interest is calculated by applying the Prime Interest Rate to the balance in the hypothetical account.
Mr. Thompson’s rate of return for 2021 was 3.3%. Participants may elect a lump-sum payment or annual
installment payments for a period of not less than two years and not more than 10 years, provided the participant complies with the election and timing rules of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. LG&E Energy Corp. Nonqualified Savings Plan. Mr. Thompson
also has a hypothetical account in the LG&E Energy Corp. Nonqualified Savings Plan. This is a grandfathered deferred compensation plan that was closed to new contributions on January 1, 2005. The plan is unfunded and is not qualified for
tax purposes. The plan is subject to claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy. The hypothetical account is credited with interest in the same manner as the LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan. Mr. Thompson’s rate of return
for 2021 was 3.3%. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    69 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Name Name of Plan Executive Contributions in Last
FY (1) Registrant Contributions in Last
FY (2) Aggregate Earnings in Last
FY (3) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions Aggregate Balance
at Last FYE (4) Vincent Sorgi PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan $33,975 $63,417 $553,098 — $3,329,952 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 44,213 23,186 117,739 — 811,190 Gregory N. Dudkin PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan — — 23,538 — 366,696 Paul W. Thompson LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan 70,140 18,459 62,376 — 1,979,746 LG&E Energy Corp. Nonqualified Savings Plan — — 39,194 — 1,227,367 Wendy E. Stark PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 20,596 25,745 1,375 — 47,716 (1) The following NEOs deferred salary in 2021 in the amounts indicated: Sorgi — $33,975; Bergstein — $44,213;
Thompson — $41,265; and Stark — $20,596, which is included in the “Salary” column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2021. In addition, Thompson deferred a portion of his cash incentive award for 2020 performance paid in 2021,
which was included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2020 in the amount of $28,875. (2) Amounts in this column are company matching contributions during 2021 and are included in the Summary Compensation Table
for 2021 under the heading “All Other Compensation.” (3) Aggregate earnings for 2021 are not reflected in the Summary Compensation Table because such earnings are not deemed to be
“above-market” or preferential earnings. (4) Represents the total balance of each NEO’s account as of December 31, 2021. Of the totals in this column, the
following amounts were reported as compensation to the NEO in the Summary Compensation Table for previous years, when the individuals were reported as NEOs: Name Executive Contributions Registrant Contributions Total Sorgi $940,464 $184,590 $1,125,054 Bergstein 244,679 31,128 275,807 Dudkin 97,306 17,741 115,047 Thompson 247,101 116,800 363,901 70    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL OF PPL CORPORATION The following section describes the benefits payable to the company’s NEOs in two circumstances: (1) a change in control of PPL and (2) a termination of
employment. Change-in-Control Benefits The company has entered into change-in-control severance agreements
with each of its currently employed NEOs that provide benefits to these officers upon qualifying terminations of employment in connection with a change in control of the company (a so-called “double
trigger”), as summarized below. See the table beginning on page 75 for the estimated value of benefits to be paid if any of the NEOs were terminated on December 31, 2021, after a change in control of PPL for qualifying reasons. The
benefits provided under each NEO’s agreement replace any other severance benefits that the company or any prior severance or change-in-control agreement would
provide to that NEO. Payment Triggers and Benefits The following benefits will be paid if, in connection with a change in control, employment is terminated for any reason other than death, disability, retirement or
“cause.” A voluntary termination of employment by an NEO would result in the payment of these benefits only if there was “good reason” for leaving. If an NEO is discharged for “cause”, there is no benefit payable before
or after a change in control. Terms of Agreement Lump-sum Payment •  Lump-sum payment equal to three times the sum of (1) each NEO’s base salary in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if higher, immediately prior to the first
occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting “good reason” and (2) the average annual bonus in respect of the last three fiscal years ending immediately prior to the fiscal year in which the change in control occurs or, if
higher, the fiscal year immediately prior to the fiscal year in which an event or circumstance constituting “good reason” first occurs Continued Health and Welfare / COBRA Payments •  Lump-sum payment equal to the aggregate amount of COBRA premiums otherwise payable for the 24-month period following termination (assuming COBRA would have
been available for the 24 months at the rate in effect at date of termination) Incentive Compensation •  Unpaid incentive compensation that has been allocated or awarded for a previous performance period •  Lump-sum payment of all contingent cash incentive compensation awards
for all then uncompleted periods, calculated on a prorated basis of months of completed service, assuming achievement at the actual level of performance Other Benefits •  Outplacement services until December 31 of the second calendar year after termination but limited to
fees of $50,000 •  Post-retirement
health care and life insurance benefits if eligibility would have occurred within the 24-month period following termination or, if more favorable to the NEO, within 24 months of the date on which the event or
circumstance constituting “good reason” first occurs Term of the Agreement •  Continues in effect until December 31, 2021, and automatically extended for additional one-year periods •  If a change in control occurs during the agreement’s term, the agreement expires no earlier than
24 months after the month in which the change in control occurs PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    71 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Defined Terms under Change-in-Control Agreements Terms of Agreement Change in Control •  A change in a majority of the members of our Board of Directors occurs during a 12-month period through contested elections; •  An investor group acquires 30% or more of the company’s common stock; •  A merger occurs that results in less
than 70% control of the company or the surviving entity by the current shareowners; or •  The sale or other disposition of substantially all the company’s assets Cause •  Willful conduct that can be shown to cause material injury to the company or the willful refusal to perform
duties after written demand by the Board of Directors Good Reason •  Includes a number of circumstances in which the NEO has a substantial adverse change in the employment
relationship or duties assigned, including a reduction in salary, a relocation of the place of work of more than 30 miles, or a cutback or exclusion from a compensation plan, pension plan or welfare plan Additional Benefits In addition to the benefits that the change-in-control agreements provide, the following
events would occur in the event of a change in control under the company’s compensation arrangements: • Under the SIP, the restriction period applicable to any outstanding restricted stock unit awards lapses upon termination
within 24 months following a change in control. Under the ICPKE, the restriction period applicable to any outstanding restricted stock unit awards lapses upon change in control. • The performance period applicable to any outstanding performance unit awards will be deemed to conclude prior to the change
in control, and a pro rata portion of all unvested units will become immediately vested as though the NEO had achieved the goals satisfying the target award, subject to additional payout as set forth above under the terms of the change-in-control agreements. • Upon a qualifying termination, all participants in the PPL SERP and LG&E SERP immediately vest in their accrued benefit,
even if not yet vested due to age and service. • Upon a qualifying termination, the PPL SERP benefit improves by a pro rata portion of the additional years of service
granted to the officer, if any, that otherwise would not be earned until a specified period of years had elapsed or the officer had reached a specified age. • Upon a qualifying termination, (1) the term for options granted under the ICP and ICPKE is reduced to 36 months
following the date of termination and (2) the term for options granted under the SIP is reduced to three years and 60 days following the date of termination for all outstanding options. For options granted under the ICP and ICPKE in 2010 or
after, and for all options granted under the SIP, the exercise periods in the event of a change in control otherwise remain the full term. PPL has
trust arrangements in place to facilitate the funding of benefits under the PPL SERP, the PPL Supplemental Compensation Pension Plan, the PPL EDCP, change-in-control agreements and the PPL DDCP if a change in control were to occur. 72    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Termination Benefits The NEOs are entitled to various benefits in the event of a termination of employment for reasons of retirement, voluntary termination, death, disability, or involuntary
termination not for cause, but the value of those benefits and their components vary depending upon the circumstances. For a termination of employment due to a
change in control, the benefits provided under the Company’s change-in-control agreements, as discussed above in “Change-in-Control Arrangements,” replace any other severance benefits provided to the NEOs by PPL. Severance See “CD&A — Additional Information — Other Compensation — Severance Benefits” for a
discussion of the company’s practice as to severance benefits. The NEOs, except for Mr. Swift, are participants in the PPL Executive Severance Plan. • The plan provides for severance benefits for executives in the event of a termination of employment that is not for cause.
“Cause” is defined as misconduct materially injurious to the company, insubordination, fraud or breach of confidentiality against the company or egregious violation of company policy. • Pursuant to this plan, each of the applicable NEOs is eligible for two years of base salary, a lump-sum amount for 24 months of health plan continuation (COBRA) and outplacement services for the lesser of two years or $50,000 in fees. Benefits are conditioned on a release of liability by the NEO. The table under “Summary of Benefits – Termination Events” below includes the severance payments, the value of continued welfare
benefits and outplacement benefits as “Other separation benefits.” Annual Cash Incentive Awards • It is PPL’s practice to pay a pro rata portion of the accrued but unpaid annual cash incentive award to executives who
retire or who are eligible to retire and (1) die while employed or (2) terminate employment due to a disability during the performance year. Payments occur at the regularly scheduled time as paid to other executive officers.
Messrs. Bergstein and Sorgi and Ms. Stark are currently ineligible to retire; therefore, if any of these NEOs was to leave voluntarily, the NEO would not be entitled to an annual cash incentive award. Long-term Incentive Awards PPL Restricted
Stock Units • Restrictions on restricted stock units generally lapse upon retirement, death or termination of employment due to disability
under the ICPKE and the SIP. Restricted stock units are forfeited under both plans in the event of voluntary and involuntary termination if the executive is not retirement-eligible, except in the case of Mr. Swift who received full vesting of
all outstanding restricted stock units upon the sale of WPD. PPL Performance Units • For TSR-based performance units, if the NEO is eligible to retire and retires after
the first year of the performance period, the NEO is eligible for the award, if any, without proration at the end of the performance period based upon actual performance. Otherwise, the full award is forfeited. • For ROE-based performance units, if the NEO is eligible to retire and retires at any
time during the performance period, the NEO is eligible for the award, if any, without proration at the end of the performance period based upon actual performance. • In the event of termination due to death or disability, all TSR-based performance
units are prorated for the portion of the performance cycle prior to termination and the award is paid out at the end of the performance period based upon actual performance. There is no proration upon termination due to death or disability for ROE-based performance units and the award is paid out at the end of the performance period based upon actual performance. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    73 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • All performance units are forfeited in the event of voluntary and involuntary termination if the executive is not eligible
to retire, except in the case of Mr. Swift who received full vesting of all outstanding performance units upon the sale of WPD. PPL Stock
Options All stock options currently outstanding are fully vested and exercisable and therefore are not reflected in the table below. The term of all previously granted PPL stock options is 10 years. No stock options have been granted since 2013. Upon the below-stated events of termination, the
executive may exercise options as follows: • In the event of retirement, (1) for options granted under the SIP, the executive has the earlier of five years from
retirement or the remaining term to exercise the options, and (2) for options granted under the ICP and ICPKE, the executive has the remaining term to exercise the options. • In the event of termination of employment as a result of death or disability, the term for options granted under the ICP and
ICPKE is reduced to 36 months, and under the SIP is reduced to three years and 60 days, unless the remaining term is shorter. • In the event of voluntary termination of employment for reasons other than noted above, under the ICP, ICPKE and SIP, NEOs
have a maximum of 60 days to exercise options granted that are exercisable but that have not yet been exercised before they are forfeited. • In the event of a termination for “cause,” the NEOs must exercise all outstanding exercisable options prior to
termination or risk immediate forfeiture of all options, whether exercisable or not. Summary of Benefits – Termination Events The table set forth below provides the company’s estimates of the probable value of benefits that would have been payable to the NEOs assuming a termination of
employment as of December 31, 2021, for reasons of retirement, voluntary termination, death, disability, involuntary termination not for cause, change of control or qualifying termination in connection with a change in control. In the
event that an executive is terminated for “cause” by the company, no additional benefits are due under the applicable plans and agreements. Assumptions for
the table below: • For NEOs eligible to retire (Mr. Dudkin), we have assumed the executive retires in the case of voluntary or involuntary
termination. • For Mr. Thompson, we used January 1, 2022, his actual date of separation from the company. The disclosure in the
table for Mr. Thompson is limited to the termination event that actually occurred as provided for by his Transition and Retirement Agreement. In accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, payments in connection with
Mr. Thompson’s separation will be made six months after the end of his employment. All values in the tables are as of December 31, 2021. • For Mr. Swift, we used June 14, 2021, his actual date of separation from the company upon the closing of the sale
of WPD. The disclosure in the table for Mr. Swift is limited to the termination event that actually occurred. As part of the sale of WPD, all outstanding LTI awards vested in full assuming target levels of performance where applicable. • For all other NEOs, we have assumed the termination event occurred as of December 31, 2021. • In all events where TSR-based performance units are not forfeited, we have included
the prorated value based on the assumption of performance achievement at target, except where the NEO is retirement-eligible and the first year of the performance period year has passed, then the full value is assumed without proration. The table does not repeat information disclosed in the “Pension Benefits in 2021” table, the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in
2021” table or the “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2021” table, except to the extent that vesting or payment may be accelerated. If an NEO did not yet qualify for full retirement
benefits or other benefits 74    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION requiring longer service, that additional
benefit is not reflected below. If an NEO had the ability to elect retirement and thereby avoid forfeiture or decreased benefits, the table assumes that retirement was elected, as noted as such in the footnotes to the table. Account balances under the PPL EDCP, the LG&E and KU Nonqualified Savings Plan and the LG&E Energy Corp. Nonqualified Savings Plan become payable as of
termination of employment for any reason, or as of the time previously elected. Current balances are included in the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2021” table on page 70 above and are not included in the table below. Name Retirement or Voluntary Termination Death Disability Involuntary Termination Not for Cause Change in Control Termination Following a Change in Control Vincent
Sorgi Severance payable in cash (1) — — — $2,266,000 — $7,113,150 Other separation benefits (2) — $   283,250 — 99,012 — 99,012 Restricted stock
units (3) — 2,137,575 $2,137,575 — (6) — 2,137,575 Performance units — TSR (4) — 2,349,539 2,349,539 — (6) $2,349,539 2,349,539 Performance units — ROE (5) — 4,275,183 4,275,183 — (6) 2,349,539 2,349,539 Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. Severance payable in cash (1) — — — 1,265,000 — 3,191,250 Other separation benefits (2) — 158,125 — 98,596 — 98,596 Restricted stock
units (3) — 645,067 645,067 — (6) — 645,067 Performance units — TSR (4) — 746,356 746,356 — (6) 746,356 746,356 Performance units — ROE (5) — 1,305,867 1,305,867 — (6) 746,356 746,356 Gregory N. Dudkin Severance payable in cash (1) — — — 1,480,000 — 4,151,462 Other separation benefits (2) — 156,500 — 102,166 — 102,166 Restricted stock
units (3) $   778,382 778,382 778,382 778,382 — 778,382 Performance units — TSR (4) 1,556,700 975,847 975,847 1,556,700 975,847 975,847 Performance units — ROE (5) 1,556,700 1,556,700 1,556,700 1,556,700 975,847 975,847 Paul W. Thompson Severance payable in cash (1) N/A N/A N/A 1,365,600 N/A N/A Other separation benefits (2) N/A N/A N/A 40,158 N/A N/A Restricted stock
units (3) N/A N/A N/A 633,889 N/A N/A Performance units — TSR (4) N/A N/A N/A 1,267,745 N/A N/A Performance units — ROE (5) N/A N/A N/A 1,267,745 N/A N/A Wendy E. Stark Severance payable in cash (1) — — — 1,050,000 — 1,575,000 Other separation benefits (2) — — — 101,502 — 101,502 Restricted stock
units (3) — 131,524 131,524 — (6) — 131,524 Performance units — TSR (4) — 87,683 87,683 — (6) 87,683 87,683 Performance units — ROE (5) — 263,048 263,048 — (6) 87,683 87,683 Philip Swift Severance payable in cash (1) N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Other separation benefits (2) N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Restricted stock
units (3) N/A N/A N/A 371,582 N/A N/A Performance units — TSR (4) N/A N/A N/A 733,692 N/A N/A Performance units — ROE (5) N/A N/A N/A 733,692 N/A N/A (1) For purposes of this table, we have assumed the NEOs, other than Messrs. Thompson and Swift, are eligible for benefits
under their respective change-in-control agreements. See “Termination Benefits – Severance” for a summary of the payment of severance benefits that the NEOs
included in the table, other than Messrs. Thompson and Swift, are eligible for in the event of an involuntary termination not for cause if PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    75 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION they are not eligible to receive severance payments under another plan or any agreement. See “Termination Benefits – Severance—Transition and Retirement Agreement for Mr. Thompson” for
details on Mr. Thompson’s severance payment. Mr. Swift was not eligible for a severance payment upon his separation due to the sale of WPD in June 2021. In the event of termination of employment in connection with a change in control of PPL Corporation, each NEO, other than
Messrs. Thompson and Swift, is eligible for the specified benefits described under “Change-in-Control Benefits” above. For purposes of the table, a qualifying
termination of employment in connection with a change of control is assumed. Amounts shown as “Severance payable in cash” under the “Termination Following a Change in Control”
column for each NEO are calculated in accordance with the applicable formula described under “Change-in-Control Benefits” above. (2) In the event of their death, the surviving spouses of Messrs. Sorgi, Bergstein and Dudkin are eligible to receive a lump-sum payment equal to three months of their respective base salary. Ms. Stark was hired after 2015 so she is not eligible for this benefit. Under the PPL Executive Severance Plan, each NEO, other than Mr. Swift, is eligible for specified benefits if
terminated due to a qualifying termination as defined in the plan. See “Termination Benefits – Severance” above. Under the terms of the change-in-control agreements of each of the NEOs, other than Messrs. Thompson and Swift, the executive is eligible for specific benefits described under “Change-in-Control Benefits” above. The amounts shown as “Other separation benefits” are the estimated present values of each of these benefits in the respective column. For Mr. Thompson, the actual amount shown represents a lump-sum amount of $18,158 for 24 months of health plan continuation (COBRA) and a lump-sum amount of $22,000 for outplacement and financial planning services, per his
Transition and Retirement Agreement. (3) Total outstanding restricted stock units are included in the “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2021” table above. The amounts included in this table reflect the value of the restricted stock units that would become immediately vested as a result of each event as of December 31, 2021 (June
14, 2021 for distribution of outstanding grants and July 2, 2021 for distribution of associated final dividends for Mr. Swift), including the impact of the rounding of fractional shares. The table set forth below this note shows the number
of units accelerated and payable, including accumulated dividend equivalents, as well as the number forfeited upon the occurrence of each termination event. For purposes of the table below, the total number of shares is provided without regard for
the tax impact. Restricted Stock Units (#) Name Retirement or Voluntary Termination Death Disability Involuntary Termination Not for Cause Change in Control Termination Following a Change in Control Vincent Sorgi Accelerated — 71,110 71,110 — — 71,110 Forfeited 71,110 — — 71,110 — — Joseph P.
Bergstein, Jr. Accelerated — 21,459 21,459 — — 21,459 Forfeited 21,459 — — 21,459 — — Gregory N.
Dudkin Accelerated 25,894 25,894 25,894 25,894 — 25,894 Forfeited — — — — — — Paul W.
Thompson Accelerated N/A N/A N/A 21,087 N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Wendy E.
Stark Accelerated — 4,375 4,375 — — 4,375 Forfeited 4,375 — — 4,375 — — Philip
Swift Accelerated N/A N/A N/A 12,706 N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A 76    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (4) The table includes the value of the TSR-based performance units and accumulated
dividend equivalents that would become payable as a result of each event as of December 31, 2021 (June 14, 2021 for distribution of outstanding grants and July 2, 2021 for distribution of associated final dividends for Mr. Swift). The
table set forth below this note presents the number of units accelerated and payable as of the event, or the number of units that become payable after the performance period is completed, as well as the number forfeited. The gross value in the table
would be reduced by the amount of taxes required to be withheld, and the net shares would be distributed. For purposes of the following table, the total number of shares is provided without regard to the tax impact. Performance Units — TSR (#) Name Retirement or Voluntary Termination Death Disability Involuntary Termination Not for Cause Change in Control Termination Following a Change in Control Vincent Sorgi Accelerated — — — — 78,162 78,162 Forfeited 142,222 64,060 64,060 142,222 64,060 64,060 Available after performance period
completed — 78,162 78,162 — — — Joseph P. Bergstein,
Jr. Accelerated — — — — 24,829 24,829 Forfeited 43,442 18,613 18,613 43,442 18,613 18,613 Available after performance period
completed — 24,829 24,829 — — — Gregory N. Dudkin Accelerated — — — — 32,463 32,463 Forfeited — 19,323 19,323 — 19,323 19,323 Available after performance period
completed 51,786 32,463 32,463 51,786 — — Paul W. Thompson Accelerated N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Available after performance period
completed N/A N/A N/A 42,174 N/A N/A Wendy E. Stark Accelerated — — — — 2,917 2,917 Forfeited 8,751 5,834 5,834 8,751 5,834 5,834 Available after performance period
completed — 2,917 2,917 — — — Philip Swift Accelerated N/A N/A N/A 25,028 N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Available after performance period
completed N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    77 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (5) The table includes the value of the ROE-based performance units and accumulated
dividend equivalents that would become payable as a result of each event as of December 31, 2021 (June 14, 2021 for distribution of outstanding grants and July 2, 2021 for distribution of associated final dividends for Mr. Swift). The
table set forth below this note presents the number of units accelerated and payable as of the event, or the number of units that become payable after the performance period is completed, as well as the number forfeited. The gross value in the table
would be reduced by the amount of taxes required to be withheld, and the net shares would be distributed. For purposes of the following table, the total number of shares is provided without regard to the tax impact. Performance Units — ROE (#) Name Retirement or Voluntary Termination Death Disability Involuntary Termination Not for Cause Change in Control Termination Following a Change in Control Vincent Sorgi Accelerated — — — — 78,162 78,162 Forfeited 142,222 — — 142,222 64,060 64,060 Available after performance period
completed — 142,222 142,222 — — — Joseph P. Bergstein,
Jr. Accelerated — — — — 24,829 24,829 Forfeited 43,442 — — 43,442 18,613 18,613 Available after performance period
completed — 43,442 43,442 — — — Gregory N. Dudkin Accelerated — — — — 32,463 32,463 Forfeited — — — — 19,323 19,323 Available after performance period
completed 51,786 51,786 51,786 51,786 — — Paul W. Thompson Accelerated N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Available after performance period
completed N/A N/A N/A 42,174 N/A N/A Wendy E. Stark Accelerated — — — — 2,917 2,917 Forfeited 8,751 — — 8,751 5,834 5,834 Available after performance period
completed — 8,751 8,751 — — — Philip Swift Accelerated N/A N/A N/A 25,028 N/A N/A Forfeited N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A Available after performance period
completed N/A N/A N/A — N/A N/A (6) In the event of involuntary termination for reasons other than for cause, Messrs. Bergstein and Sorgi and Ms. Stark
would forfeit all outstanding restricted stock units and performance units because they are not eligible to retire. Any exceptions to the automatic forfeitures would require the approval of the Compensation Committee. 78    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CEO PAY RATIO The
ratio of our CEO’s total compensation to our median employee’s total compensation, the CEO Pay Ratio, is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules. We identified our median employee using our global employee
population of 5,603 as of October 1, 2021. To determine our median employee, we used regular wages, including annual cash incentive and other bonuses and overtime, as our consistently applied compensation measure, and annualized pay for those
who commenced work during 2021. Using statistical sampling, we initially identified employees within 5% below and 5% above estimated median pay. From this group of employees, we selected our median employee, taking into consideration employees whose
pay was projected to be consistent year-over-year and further excluding employees that have experienced higher pay volatility over the past five years. After identifying the median employee, we calculated the median employee’s total annual compensation in accordance with the requirements of the Summary Compensation
Table on page 58, which includes salary and overtime pay, as well as cash incentive payments, change in pension value and company matching contributions to the applicable 401(k) savings plan. For 2021, our CEO’s annualized total
compensation was $11,356,481, while our median employee’s total compensation was $147,670. Accordingly, our CEO Pay Ratio was 77 to 1. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    79 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM What are you voting on? The Board of Directors has determined that it would be desirable to request an expression of opinion from the shareowners on the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP, or Deloitte, as the company’s independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Fees to Independent Auditor for 2021 and 2020 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Deloitte served as our principal independent registered public accounting firm, or “principal independent
auditor.” The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Deloitte for the audit of our company’s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and also includes fees for
other services rendered. The amounts set forth in the table below include amounts paid to Deloitte as reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses associated with
performance of the services but do not include Value Added Tax assessed by some non-U.S. jurisdictions on the amount billed by Deloitte. 2021 2020 (In thousands) Audit
fees (a) $5,902 $6,567 Audit-related fees (b) 667 915 Tax
fees (c) 2,285 2,342 All other fees (d) 6 19 (a) Includes estimated fees for audit of annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our
company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and for services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, including comfort letters and consents for financings and filings made with
the SEC. (b) Includes performance of specific agreed-upon procedures and due diligence activities. (c) Includes fees for tax advice in connection with due diligence, the sale of WPD, new legislation, and tax credit
consulting. (d) Includes fees for accounting advice on a rate case and access to a Deloitte online accounting research tool. Approval of Fees. The Audit Committee has procedures for pre-approving audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor. These procedures are designed to ensure the continued independence of the independent auditor. More specifically, the use of the independent auditor to
perform either audit or non-audit services is prohibited unless specifically approved in advance by the Audit Committee of PPL. As a result of this approval process, the Audit Committee of PPL has pre-approved specific categories of services and authorization levels. All services outside of the specified categories and all amounts exceeding the authorization levels are approved by the Chair of the Audit
Committee of PPL, who serves as the Committee designee to review and approve audit and non-audit services during the year. A listing of the approved audit and non-audit services is reviewed with the full Audit Committee of PPL no later than its next meeting. The Audit Committee of PPL approved 100% of the 2021 and 2020 services
provided by Deloitte. * * * * * * The Audit Committee reviews Deloitte’s performance and its audit results in determining whether to continue to retain Deloitte or to engage another firm as our
independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee recognizes the importance of maintaining the independence of the independent auditor and notes that Deloitte rotates its lead partner on a five-year cycle, most recently in
2021. Further, in an effort to ensure that PPL receives the best independent audit services available for its resources, PPL has periodically initiated a request for proposal process. 80    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee evaluates the
qualifications, performance, tenure and independence of Deloitte. In doing so, the Audit Committee considers a variety of factors, including insight provided to the Audit Committee; ability to meet deadlines and respond quickly; content,
timeliness and practicality of the audit firm’s communications with management; adequacy of information provided on accounting issues, auditing issues and regulatory developments; management feedback; lead partner performance; comprehensiveness
of evaluations of internal control structure; the overall quality and efficiency of the services provided by the auditors; and the auditors’ technical expertise and knowledge of the Company’s operations and industry. Representatives of Deloitte are expected to be present at the virtual Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and are
expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. The Board of Directors has determined that it would be desirable to request an expression of opinion
from the shareowners on the appointment of Deloitte. If the shareowners do not ratify the selection of Deloitte, the selection of the principal independent auditor will be reconsidered by the Audit Committee. Vote Required for Ratification. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, in person or
by proxy, by all shareowners voting as a single class, is required to ratify the appointment of Deloitte as the company’s independent registered public accounting firm. Your Board of Directors recommends
that you vote FOR Proposal 3 Report of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to, among other items, the integrity of the company’s
financial statements. Company management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the company’s financial statements, the financial reporting process and the associated system of internal controls over financial reporting and
assessing the effectiveness of such controls. Deloitte & Touche LLP, the company’s principal independent registered public accounting firm, or “independent auditor,” is responsible for auditing the company’s annual
financial statements, expressing an opinion as to whether the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the company’s financial position and results of operations in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, and expressing an opinion as to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the Standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). The Audit Committee’s responsibility is to
monitor and review these processes. Among other duties, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements, significant accounting policies, and other disclosures with management and the independent auditor. The Audit
Committee has also reviewed and discussed highlights of quarterly earnings calls and earnings press releases. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the
appointment, compensation, retention, termination and oversight of the work of the independent auditor. The independent auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee is responsible for pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor. Deloitte & Touche LLP commenced service as the
company’s independent auditor in 2016. Each year, the Audit Committee evaluates the performance and independence of the independent auditor. When deciding whether to reappoint the independent auditor, the Audit Committee considers various
factors, including the historical and recent performance of the independent auditor on the audit; its professional qualifications; the quality of ongoing discussions with the independent auditor; external data, including recent PCAOB reports on the
independent auditor and its peer firms; the results of an internal survey of the independent auditor’s service and quality; and the appropriateness of fees. The Audit Committee also periodically solicits competitive proposals for audit services
from other independent public accounting firms. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent auditor the matters required to be discussed by applicable
auditing standards, as periodically adopted or amended, and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) including the appropriateness and application of accounting principles. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures
and the letter from the company’s independent auditor required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    81 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM has had discussions with Deloitte & Touche LLP about its
independence. The Audit Committee also considered whether the provision of non-audit services by Deloitte & Touche LLP is compatible with maintaining the independence of such independent auditor. In the performance of its responsibilities, the Audit Committee met periodically with the internal auditor and the independent auditor, with and without management
present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the company’s internal controls, and the overall quality of the company’s financial reporting. The Audit Committee also met periodically with the Chief Compliance
Officer as well as various members of management. With respect to risk management, the Audit Committee regularly reviews information with regard to inherent risks to the company, the identification, assessment, management and monitoring of those
risks, and risk management practices and activities of the company. While the Audit Committee has responsibility for overseeing the company’s process for identifying, assessing and managing business risks, each of the other Board Committees
also considers risks within its areas of responsibility. For example, the Compensation Committee reviews various risks related to compensation matters, and the Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee reviews legal and regulatory
compliance risks as they relate to corporate governance. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed, together with management and the independent auditor,
management’s assessment of internal controls relating to the adequacy and effectiveness of financial reporting. In addition, the Audit Committee has established a process and procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints
regarding accounting or auditing matters. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors, and the
Board approved, that the audited financial statements and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting be included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Audit Committee has a Charter that specifies its responsibilities. The
committee Charter, which has been approved by the Board of Directors, is available on the company’s website ( www.pplweb.com/audit-committee ). Also, the Audit Committee’s
procedures and practices comply with the requirements of the SEC and the NYSE applicable to corporate audit committees. Audit Committee Steven G. Elliott, Chair Arthur P. Beattie Heather B. Redman Keith H. Williamson Phoebe A. Wood 82    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION On what matters am I voting? There are three proposals scheduled to be voted on at the meeting: • the election of nine directors, as listed in this proxy statement, for a term of one year; • an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers, or NEOs; and • the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the company’s independent registered public
accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2022. Why am I receiving these proxy materials? Our Board of Directors has made these materials available to you on the internet or has delivered printed versions of these materials
to you by mail in connection with the Board of Directors’ solicitation of proxies for use at our Annual Meeting of Shareowners. As a shareowner, you are invited to participate in the virtual Annual Meeting and are requested to vote on the items
of business described in this Proxy Statement. What is included in these materials? These proxy materials include: • this Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting; and • our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. If you received printed versions of these materials by mail, these materials also include the proxy card or voting instruction form for the Annual
Meeting. Why did I receive a notice in the mail regarding the internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of printed
proxy materials? In accordance with SEC rules, instead of mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials to all of our shareowners, we
have elected to furnish such materials to selected shareowners by providing access to these documents over the internet. Accordingly, commencing on or about April 6, 2022, we sent a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the
“Notice”) to most of our shareowners. These shareowners have the ability to access the proxy materials on a website referred to in the Notice and to download printable versions of the proxy materials or to request to receive a printed set
of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the internet or to request a printed copy of the materials from us may be found in the Notice. We encourage you to take advantage of the availability of the proxy
materials on the internet in order to help reduce the environmental impact and cost of the Annual Meeting. How can I get electronic
access to the proxy materials? The Notice provides you with instructions regarding how to: • view our proxy materials for the Annual Meeting on the internet; • vote your shares after you have viewed our proxy materials; and • request a printed copy of the proxy materials. Copies of the proxy materials are available for viewing at www.pplweb.com/PPLCorpProxy . If you received printed versions of these materials by mail, these materials also include the proxy card or voting instruction form for the Annual
Meeting. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    83 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION Who can vote? Holders of PPL Corporation common stock as of the close of business on the record date, February 28, 2022, may vote at the virtual Annual Meeting or
by proxy. Each share of PPL Corporation common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter properly brought before the Annual Meeting. What is the difference between holding shares as a shareowner of record and as a beneficial owner? If your shares are registered directly in your name with PPL Corporation’s transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, you are considered, with respect
to those shares, the “shareowner of record.” The Notice or printed copies of the proxy materials have been sent directly to you by PPL Corporation. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares
held in “street name,” and the “shareholder of record” of your shares is your broker, bank or other holder of record. The Notice or printed copies of the proxy materials have been forwarded to you by your broker, bank or other
holder of record. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record to vote your shares. The company urges you to instruct your broker, bank or other holder of record on how to vote your shares. Please
understand that, if you are a beneficial owner, the company does not know that you are a shareowner or how many shares you own. If I am
a shareowner of record, how do I vote? If you are a shareowner of record , you can vote via the internet, by telephone, by mail
or by participating in the virtual Annual Meeting. • Via the internet If you received a Notice, you may vote by proxy at www.proxyvote.com by following the
instructions found in the Notice. If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote via the internet by following the instructions on your proxy card. • By telephone If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by proxy by calling the toll-free telephone number found on your
proxy card. When you call, please have the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. The telephone and internet voting facilities for shareowners of record will be available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and will close at
11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 17, 2022. • By mail If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by proxy by completing, signing and dating the proxy card and
returning it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. If you return your signed proxy card but do not indicate your voting preferences, the persons named in the proxy card will vote the shares represented by that proxy as recommended by the
Board of Directors. If the postage-paid envelope is missing, please mail your completed proxy card to PPL Corporation, c/o Vote Processing,
Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. We must receive your mailed proxy card no later than 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 17, 2022 in order for your vote to be counted. • By participating in the virtual Annual Meeting See “How can I participate in the Annual Meeting” below for instructions as to how you can vote at the virtual meeting. 84    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION If you vote via the internet or
by telephone, or mail to us your properly completed and signed proxy card, your shares of PPL Corporation common stock will be voted according to the choices that you specify. If you sign and mail your proxy card without marking any choices, your
proxy will be voted: • FOR the election of all nominees listed for director; • FOR the advisory vote to approve compensation of NEOs; and • FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the company’s independent registered
public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2022. We do not expect any other matters to be brought before the
Annual Meeting. By giving your proxy, however, you appoint the persons named as proxies as your representatives at the meeting. If an issue comes up for vote at the Annual Meeting that is not included in the proxy material, the proxy holders will
vote your shares in accordance with their best judgment. If I am a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, how do I vote? As the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record how to
vote your shares, and it is required to vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. If you do not give instructions to your brokerage firm or bank, it will nevertheless be entitled to vote your shares with respect to “routine”
items, but it will not be permitted to vote your shares with respect to “non-routine” items. In the case of a non-routine item, your shares will be considered
“broker non-votes” on that proposal. We recommend that you follow the voting instructions in the
materials you receive from your broker, bank or other holder of record to vote via the internet, by telephone or by mail. As a
participant in the PPL Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan, or ESOP, how do I vote shares held in my plan account? If you are a
participant in our ESOP, you have the right to provide voting directions to the plan trustee, Fidelity Management Trust Company, by submitting your ballot card for those shares of our common stock that are held by the plan and allocated to your
account. ESOP participant ballots are treated confidentially. Full and fractional shares credited to your account under the plan as of February 28, 2022 will be voted by the trustee in accordance with your instructions. Participants may not
vote at the Annual Meeting. Similar to the process for shareowners of our common stock who receive printed proxy materials, you may vote by mail, telephone or on the internet. To allow sufficient time for voting by the trustee of the plan, your
ballot must be returned by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 13, 2022, if you vote by mail, by telephone or on the internet. Please follow the ballot instructions specific to the participants in the ESOP. If you do not return your ballot, or return it unsigned, or do not vote by phone or on the internet, the plan provides that the trustee will vote your
shares in the same percentage as shares held by participants for which the trustee has received timely voting instructions. The plan trustee will follow participants’ voting directions and the plan procedure for voting in the absence of voting
directions, unless it determines that to do so would be contrary to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. May I change
or revoke my vote? Any shareowner giving a proxy has the right to revoke it at any time before it is voted by: • giving notice in writing to our Corporate Secretary, which must be received no later than the close of business on
May 17, 2022; • completing, signing, dating and returning a new proxy card or voting instruction form with a later date; • providing a later-dated vote using the telephone or internet voting procedures; or • voting at the virtual Annual Meeting. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    85 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION Will my shares be voted if I do not provide my proxy? It depends on whether you hold your shares in your own name or as the beneficial owner in the name of a broker, bank or other holder
of record. If you hold your shares directly in your own name, they will not be voted unless you provide a proxy or vote at the virtual Annual Meeting. Brokerage firms, banks or other holders of record generally have the authority to vote
customers’ unvoted shares on certain routine matters. For example, if your shares are held in the name of a brokerage firm, bank or other holder of record, such firm can vote your shares for the ratification of the appointment of
Deloitte & Touche LLP, as this matter is considered routine under the applicable NYSE rules. The company urges you to instruct your broker, bank or other holder of record on how to vote your shares. How can I participate in the Annual Meeting? This year’s Annual Meeting will be held virtually and will be conducted live through an audio webcast on the internet. The virtual-only format offers
an efficient and effective means to engage shareowners, helps prevent the spread of COVID-19, and affords shareowners the same rights as if the meeting were held in person, including the ability to vote shares
electronically during the meeting and ask questions in accordance with the rules of conduct for the meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL2022 and entering the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, proxy card or the voting instructions
that accompanied your proxy materials. The virtual meeting platform is fully supported across browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, and
Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Participants should ensure that they have a strong Wi-Fi connection
wherever they intend to participate in the meeting. Participants should also give themselves sufficient time to log in and ensure that they can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the meeting. The meeting webcast will begin promptly at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. Online access to the
meeting will open at 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time, and you should allow ample time to log in to the meeting webcast and test your computer audio system. What if during the check-in time or during the meeting I have technical difficulties or trouble accessing the virtual meeting website? If you have any technical difficulties or any questions regarding the virtual meeting website, we are ready to assist you. Please call 844-983-0876 (toll-free) or 303-562-9303 (toll and international line). If there are any
technical issues in convening or hosting the meeting, we will promptly post information to our investor relations website, www.pplweb.com/PPLCorpProxy , including information on
when the meeting will be reconvened. How do I submit a question at the Annual Meeting? If you wish to submit a question, you may do so in two ways: • Before the meeting : Once you receive your proxy materials, you may log into www.proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number included on your Notice or on your proxy card. Once past the login screen, click “Submit Questions”
then click “Submit a Question for Management,” type in your question, and click “Submit.” You may submit questions through this pre-meeting forum until the start of the meeting. • During the meeting : Log into the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL2022 to attend the meeting, during which you may type your question into the “Ask a Question” field, and click “Submit.” You will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Questions pertinent to meeting matters will be answered during the meeting, subject to time constraints. Questions regarding personal matters, including
those related to employment, service issues or customer bills, are not pertinent to meeting matters and therefore will not be answered. Any questions pertinent to meeting matters that cannot be answered during the meeting due to time constraints
will be posted online and answered at www.pplweb.com/PPLCorpProxy . The questions and answers will be available as soon as practical after the meeting and will remain available
until one week after posting. 86    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION How will the Annual
Meeting be conducted? The Chair of our Board (or any other person designated by our Board) has broad authority to conduct the Annual
Meeting in an orderly manner. This authority includes establishing rules of conduct, which will be available prior to the virtual meeting at www.pplweb.com/PPLCorpProxy , for
shareowners who wish to participate in the meeting. To ensure the meeting is conducted in a manner that is fair to all shareowners, the Chair (or such other person designated by our Board) may exercise broad discretion in recognizing shareowners who
wish to participate, the order in which questions are asked and the amount of time devoted to any one question. Consistent with our prior in-person annual meetings, however, we expect that all questions
submitted in accordance with the rules of conduct generally will be addressed. What constitutes a quorum? In order to conduct the Annual Meeting, a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote must be present at the virtual meeting, or by proxy, to
constitute a quorum. As of the record date of February 28, 2022, there were 735,764,741 shares of common stock outstanding, and each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. No shares of preferred stock of the company were outstanding. If
you submit a properly executed proxy card or vote by telephone or on the internet, you will be considered part of the quorum. Abstentions and “broker non-votes” will be counted as shares present and
entitled to vote at the meeting for purposes of determining a quorum, so long as the broker, bank or other holder of record casts a vote on behalf of a shareowner on any issue other than a procedural motion. A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker, bank or other holder of record who holds shares for another person has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares and, under NYSE listing standards,
does not have discretionary authority to vote on a proposal. What vote is needed for these proposals to be adopted? Each matter to be submitted to shareowners, including the election of directors, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, at the
virtual meeting or by proxy, by the shareowners at the meeting. For purposes of determining the number of votes cast with respect to a particular matter, only those cast “for” or “against” are included. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted only for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the meeting. Under our
articles of incorporation and our Guidelines for Corporate Governance , directors must be elected by a majority of the votes cast in uncontested elections, such as the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. This means that the number of
votes cast “for” a director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast “against” that nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes “for” or
“against” a director nominee. Any nominee who is an incumbent director and does not receive a majority of votes cast “for” the director’s election would be required to tender a resignation promptly following the failure to
receive the required vote. Within 90 days following the final tabulation of the shareowner vote, the Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee would then be required to make a recommendation to the Board as to whether the Board should
accept the resignation, and the Board would be required to decide whether to accept the resignation. The Board must then promptly disclose its decision-making process. In a contested election, the required vote would be a plurality of votes cast.
Full details of this policy are set forth in our Guidelines for Corporate Governance , which can be found in the Corporate Governance section of our website
( www.pplweb.com/governance ). Proposal 1 (election of directors) and Proposal 2
(advisory vote to approve executive compensation) are “non-routine” matters under NYSE rules, and brokerage firms, banks or other holders of record are prohibited from voting on each of these
proposals without receiving instructions from the beneficial owners of the shares. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be considered as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. Proposal 3 (ratification of auditor) is considered to be a “routine” matter under NYSE rules, and brokers, banks or other holders of record
may vote in their discretion on behalf of clients who have not furnished voting instructions. Abstentions will not be treated as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on this proposal. PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    87 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION Who conducts the proxy solicitation and how much will it cost? PPL Corporation will pay the cost of soliciting proxies on behalf of the Board of Directors. In addition to the solicitation by mail,
a number of regular employees may solicit proxies in person, over the internet, by telephone or by facsimile. We have retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the Annual Meeting, and we expect that the
remuneration to Innisfree for its services will not exceed $15,000, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. Brokers, banks and other holders of record who hold
shares for the benefit of others will be asked to send proxy material to the beneficial owners of the shares, and we will reimburse them for their expenses. Who can assist me if I have questions about the Annual Meeting or need help voting my shares? Your vote is
important! If you need any help voting your shares or have questions about the Annual Meeting, please call the firm assisting us with the solicitation of proxies: INNISFREE M&A INCORPORATED Shareowners may
call toll-free at 877-825-8730 Banks and brokers may call
collect at 212-750-5833 How does the company keep voter
information confidential? To preserve voter confidentiality, we voluntarily limit access to shareowner voting records to certain
designated employees of PPL Services Corporation. These employees sign a confidentiality agreement that prohibits them from disclosing the manner in which a shareowner has voted to any employee of a PPL affiliate or to any other person (except to
the Judges of Election or the person in whose name the shares are registered), unless otherwise required by law. What is householding,
and how does it affect me? • Shareowners of Record We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure, shareowners of record who have the same address and
last name will receive only one copy of the Notice or, if you receive paper copies of the proxy materials, one copy of this Proxy Statement and the 2021 Annual Report, unless we are notified that one or more of these shareowners wishes to continue
receiving individual copies. If you and other PPL shareowners living in your household do not have the same last name, you may also request to receive only one copy of future notices or proxy statements and financial reports. Householding conserves natural resources and reduces our distribution costs. Shareowners who participate in householding will continue to receive separate
proxy cards. Also, householding will not in any way affect dividend check mailings. If you are eligible for householding, but you and other
shareowners of record with whom you share an address currently receive multiple copies of the Notice or this Proxy Statement and any accompanying documents, or if you hold PPL stock in more than one account, and in either case you wish to receive
only a single copy of the Notice or proxy materials for your household, please contact EQ Shareowner Services in writing: ATTN: Householding/PPL Corporation, P.O. Box 64854, St. Paul, MN 55164-0854, or by phone at 800-345-3085. Alternatively, if you participate in householding and
wish to receive a separate copy of the Notice or this Proxy Statement and any accompanying documents or prefer to discontinue your participation in householding, please contact as indicated above and a separate copy will be sent to you promptly. • Beneficial Owners If you are a beneficial owner, you can request information about householding from your bank, broker or other holder of record. You may also contact
Broadridge in writing: ATTN: Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at 866-540-7095. 88    PPL CORPORATION 2022 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION When are the
2023 shareowner proposals due? To be included in the proxy materials for the 2023 Annual Meeting, any proposal intended to be
presented at that Annual Meeting by a shareowner must be received by the Secretary of the company in writing no later than December 7, 2022: Corporate Secretary’s Office PPL Corporation Two
North Ninth Street Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 To be properly brought before the Annual Meeting, any other proposal must be received not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date
of the 2023 Annual Meeting. Acronyms used in this proxy statement CD&A Compensation Discussion and Analysis NEO Named executive officer Corporate Net Income Net income from ongoing operations as adjusted for compensation purposes NYSE New York Stock Exchange DDCP Directors Deferred Compensation Plan PPL PPL Corporation EPS Earnings per share from ongoing operations PPL EDCP PPL Executive Deferred Compensation Plan ESG Environmental, Social and Governance PPL Electric PPL Electric Utilities Corporation ESOP Employee Stock Ownership Plan ROE Return on Equity GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles SEC Securities and Exchange Commission GNSC Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee SERP Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ICP Incentive Compensation Plan SIP Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan ICPKE Incentive Compensation Plan for Key Employees TSR Total Shareowner Return IRS Internal Revenue Service UTY PHLX Utility Sector Index LKE LG&E and KU Energy LLC WPD Western Power Distribution LTI Long-term Incentives PPL CORPORATION
2022 Proxy Statement    89 Table of Contents ANNEX A RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL MEASURES (UNAUDITED) Reconciliation of Net Income to Net Income from Ongoing Operations As Adjusted for Compensation Purposes 2021 ($ in millions) KY Reg. PA Reg. Corp. & Other Disc. Ops. PPL Corporation Reported Net Income $468 $445 $(895 ) $(1,498) $(1,480 ) Less: Special Items (expense) benefit: (1) Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations (1,502) (1502 ) Talen litigation costs, net of tax of $4 (16 ) (16 ) Strategic corporate initiatives, net of tax of $0, $0, $2 (1 ) (8 ) (9 ) Valuation allowance adjustment 4 (4 ) 4 4 Prior period transmission formula rate return on equity settlement, net of tax of $8 (20 ) (20 ) Acquisition integration, net of tax of $6 (22 ) (22 ) U.K. tax rate change (383 ) (383 ) Solar panel impairment, net of tax of $9 (26 ) (26 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt, net of tax of $83 (312 ) (312 ) Total Special Items 3 (20 ) (771 ) (1,498) (2,286 ) Net Income from Ongoing Operations $465 $465 $(124 ) $        — $    806 Goal Adjustments, net of tax: Interest savings from liability management (2) (56 ) (56 ) Current period transmission formula rate return on equity
settlement (3) 32 32 Reallocation of service company costs (4) 7 6 (13 ) — Goal Results $472 $503 $(193 ) $        — $    782 * The references in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and elsewhere in this proxy statement to the
business segment of LKE, which is the same as the “KY Reg.” in this table, and to the business segment of PPL Electric, which is the same as the “PA Reg.” in this table. (1) See Combined Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in PPL’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 for additional information on special items. (2) PPL announced its intent to use the proceeds from the sale of the U.K. utility business, WPD, to acquire The Narragansett
Electric Company to further strengthen its balance sheet and enhance opportunities for growth. This announcement included a plan to reduce outstanding debt by approximately $3 billion to $3.5 billion. During 2021, PPL Capital Funding, Inc.
paid $3.883 billion to tender and/or redeem an aggregate total of $3.484 billion of outstanding debt. The interest savings associated with this debt were excluded for goal results. (3) On May 21, 2020, PP&L Industrial Customer Alliance (PPLICA) filed a complaint with the FERC alleging that PPL
Electric’s base return on equity (ROE) of 11.18% used to determine PPL Electric’s formula transmission rate was unjust and unreasonable. On August 20, 2021, PPL Electric entered into a settlement agreement with PPLICA and all other
parties, including intervenors, with respect to the complaint filed by PPLICA on May 21, 2020. See “Regulatory Matters — Federal Matters — PPL Electric Transmission Formula Rate Return on Equity” in PPL’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 for additional information. The net income impacts from this settlement were excluded for goal results. (4) The impacts from the reallocation of service company costs following the completion of the sale of WPD were excluded from
the business segment goal results. A-1 Table of Contents Management utilizes “Net Income from Ongoing Operations” as a non-GAAP financial measure that should not be considered as an alternative to net income, an indicator of operating performance determined in accordance with GAAP. PPL believes that Net Income from Ongoing
Operations is useful and meaningful to investors because it provides management’s view of PPL’s earnings performance as another criterion in making investment decisions. In addition, PPL’s management uses Net Income from Ongoing
Operations in measuring achievement of certain corporate performance goals, including targets for certain executive incentive compensation. Other companies may use different measures to present financial performance. Net Income from Ongoing Operations is adjusted for the impact of special items. Special items are presented in the financial tables on an after-tax basis with the related income taxes on special items separately disclosed. Income taxes on special items, when applicable, are calculated based on the statutory tax rate of the entity where the
activity is recorded. Special items may include items such as: • Gains and losses on sales of assets not in the ordinary course of business. • Impairment charges. • Significant workforce reduction and other restructuring effects. • Acquisition and divestiture-related adjustments. • Significant losses on early extinguishment of debt. • Other charges or credits that are, in management’s view, non-recurring or
otherwise not reflective of the company’s ongoing operations. A-2 Table of Contents SHAREOWNER INQUIRIES: Equiniti Trust Company EQ Shareowner Services 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101 Mendota Heights,
MN 55120 Toll Free: 1-800-345-3085 Outside U.S.: 1-651-450-4064 Online Account Access: Registered shareowners can 
activate their account for online access by visiting shareowneronline.com . FOR QUESTIONS ABOUT PPL CORPORATION OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES: PPL Treasury Department Two North Ninth Street Allentown, PA 18101 Via e-mail: invserv@pplweb.com PPL Corporate
Offices: 1-610-774-5151 PPL Corporation, PPL
Electric Utilities Corporation, Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Kentucky Utilities Company file a joint Form 10-K Report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form 10-K Report for 2021 is available without charge by writing to the PPL Treasury Department at the address provided above or by requesting it through, or accessing it on, the Investors page of PPL’s Internet
website identified below. Whether you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting or not, you may vote over the internet, by telephone or by returning
your proxy. To ensure proper representation of your shares at the Annual Meeting, please follow the instructions at the website address in the Notice or follow the instructions that you will be given after dialing the toll-free number on your proxy.
If you receive printed copies of the proxy materials, you may also mark, date, sign and mail the accompanying proxy as soon as possible. An envelope, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States, is included for your convenience if you
receive printed copies of the proxy materials. Table of Contents PPL CORPORATION C/O PROXY SERVICES P.O. BOX 9163 FARMINGDALE, NY 11735 SCAN TO VIEW MATERIALS & VOTE w VOTE BY INTERNET Before
the Meeting—Go to www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode above Use the internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 17, 2022. Have your proxy card in
hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. During the Meeting—Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PPL2022 You may attend the meeting via the
internet and vote during the meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow available and follow the instructions. VOTE BY PHONE—1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on
May 17, 2022. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o
Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. We must receive your mailed proxy card no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 17, 2022. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: D68484-P65098-Z81628 KEEP THIS PORTION
FOR YOUR RECORDS THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY PPL CORPORATION The Board of Directors Recommends a Vote FOR Each Director Nominee Included in Proposal 1 and FOR Proposals 2 and 3. 1.
Election of directors: For Against Abstain 1a. Arthur P. Beattie For Against Abstain 1b. Raja Rajamannar 2. Advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers 1c. Heather B. Redman 3. Ratification of the appointment of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 1d. Craig A. Rogerson THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED OR, IF NO DIRECTION IS GIVEN, WILL BE 1e. Vincent Sorgi VOTED AS THE BOARD RECOMMENDS. 1f. Natica von Althann 1g. Keith H. Williamson
1h. Phoebe A. Wood 1i. Armando Zagalo de Lima Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All
holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents PPL CORPORATION ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 2022 9:00 A.M. EASTERN TIME D68485-P65098-Z81628 PPL CORPORATION
Annual Meeting of Shareowners May 18, 2022 9:00 A.M. This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors for use at the Annual Meeting on May 18, 2022 Vincent Sorgi and Wendy E. Stark, and each of them, are hereby appointed proxies, with the
power of substitution, to vote the shares of the undersigned, as directed on the reverse side of this proxy, at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners of PPL Corporation to be held on May 18, 2022, and any adjournments or postponements thereof, and
in their discretion to vote and act upon any other matters as may properly come before said meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. The shares of stock you hold in your account or in a dividend reinvestment account will be voted as
you specify on the reverse side. If no choice is specified, the proxy will be voted “FOR” each Director Nominee included in Proposal 1 and “FOR” Proposals 2 and 3. By signing the proxy, you revoke all prior proxies and appoint
Vincent Sorgi and Wendy E. Stark, and each of them, with full power of substitution, to vote these shares on the matters shown on the reverse side and any other matters which may properly come before the Annual Meeting and all adjournments or
postponements thereof. Continued and to be signed on reverse side Table of Contents SCAN TO VIEW MATERIALS & VOTE wPPL CORPORATION C/O PROXY SERVICES VOTE BY INTERNET P.O. BOX 9163 Before the Meeting - Go to
www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode above FARMINGDALE, NY 11735 Use the internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 13, 2022. Have your ballot card in
hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. VOTE BY PHONE—1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on
May 13, 2022. Have your ballot card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your ballot card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o
Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. We must receive your mailed ballot card no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 13, 2022. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: D68486-P65098-Z81628 KEEP THIS PORTION
FOR YOUR RECORDS THIS BALLOT CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY PPL CORPORATION The Board of Directors Recommends a Vote FOR Each Director Nominee Included in Proposal 1 and FOR Proposals 2 and 3. 1.
Election of directors: For Against Abstain 1a. Arthur P. Beattie For Against Abstain 1b. Raja Rajamannar 2. Advisory vote to approve compensation of named executive officers 1c. Heather B. Redman 3. Ratification of the appointment of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 1d. Craig A. Rogerson 1e. Vincent Sorgi 1f. Natica von Althann 1g. Keith H. Williamson 1h. Phoebe A. Wood 1i. Armando Zagalo de Lima Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney,
executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents PPL CORPORATION ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREOWNERS WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 2022 9:00 A.M. EASTERN TIME D68487-P65098-Z81628 PPL CORPORATION
Annual Meeting of Shareowners May 18, 2022 9:00 A.M. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) This ballot is solicited by the Board of Directors This is a ballot for voting these shares of PPL Corporation Common Stock held in the ESOP. Please
complete the ballot card and return in the envelope provided or vote by telephone or the internet. Fidelity Management Trust Company, as Trustee of the ESOP, will vote shares held in your ESOP Account as directed on the ballot at the Annual Meeting
of Shareowners of PPL Corporation to be held on May 18, 2022. If you do not return your ballot card, or return it unsigned, or do not vote by telephone or internet, the ESOP provides that the Trustee will vote these shares in the same
percentage as shares held by participants for which the Trustee has received timely voting instructions.Please review the information carefully and indicate how you wish these shares to be voted at the Annual Meeting. Mark, sign, date and use the
return envelope for mailing your ballot (if you do not vote by telephone or internet) to Fidelity Management Trust Company’s agent for tabulation. Timely receipt of your instructions on a signed ballot card or by telephone or internet is
extremely important. This ballot, if sent by mail, must be received by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on May 13, 2022 in order for your vote to be counted. If you wish to vote by telephone or on the internet, please follow the instructions on the reverse
side. Continued and to be signed on reverse side