DEF 14A 1 starbucks_def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant
      [X] Filed by a Party other than
      the Registrant [   ] Check the appropriate
      box: [   ] Preliminary Proxy
      Statement [   ] Soliciting Material Under Rule
      14a-12 [   ] Confidential, For Use of
      the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) [X] Definitive Proxy
      Statement [   ] Definitive Additional
      Materials STARBUCKS
CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as
      Specified In Its Charter) (Name
      of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the
      Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check
      the appropriate box): [X] No fee required. [  
      ] Fee computed on
      table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and
0-11. 1) Title of each class of
      securities to which transaction applies: 2) Aggregate number of
      securities to which transaction applies: 3) Per unit price or
      other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
      Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
      state how it was determined): 4) Proposed maximum
      aggregate value of transaction: 5) Total fee
      paid: [  
      ] Fee paid previously
      with preliminary materials: [  
      ] Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange
      Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
      was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
      statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its
      filing. 1) Amount previously
    paid: 2) Form, Schedule or Registration
      Statement No.: 3) Filing Party: 4) Date Filed: Notice of 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy
Statement Wednesday, March 19, 2014 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific
Time Marion Oliver McCaw Hall at Seattle Center,
321 Mercer Street Seattle, Washington 98109 Seattle,
Washington January 24, 2014 Dear Shareholders: You are
cordially invited to attend the Starbucks Corporation 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders on March 19, 2014 at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Time). The meeting will be
held at Marion Oliver McCaw Hall at the Seattle Center, located at 321 Mercer
Street, in Seattle, Washington. More information, including directions to the
Mercer Street Garage located directly across the street from McCaw Hall, appear
on the back cover of this proxy statement. As in
prior years, Starbucks has elected to deliver our proxy materials to the
majority of our shareholders over the Internet. This delivery process allows us
to provide shareholders with the information they need, while at the same time
conserving natural resources and lowering the cost of delivery. On January 24,
2014, we mailed to our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials (the “Notice”) containing instructions on how to: Access our proxy statement for our
  2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and our fiscal 2013 annual report to
  shareholders; Vote online, by telephone or by
  mail; and Receive a paper copy of the proxy
  materials by mail. The Notice
will serve as an admission ticket for one shareholder to attend the 2014 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. On
January 24, 2014, we also first mailed this proxy statement and the enclosed
proxy card to certain shareholders. If you received a paper copy of the proxy materials in the mail,
the proxy statement includes an admission ticket for one shareholder to attend
the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Each
attendee must present a government-issued photo identification (such as a
driver’s license or passport) and either the Notice or an admission ticket to be
admitted to the meeting. More information can be found on the back cover of this
proxy statement. The
matters to be acted upon are described in the notice of annual meeting of
shareholders and proxy statement. At the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we will
also report on our operations and respond to questions from
shareholders. As
always, we anticipate a large number of attendees at the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. Again this year, seating will be limited to McCaw Hall only , and we cannot guarantee seating for all shareholders. Doors will open
at 8:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) on the day of the event. Shareholders also may view
a live webcast of the meeting; please see details on our Investor Relations
website at http://investor.starbucks.com . YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.
Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we urge
you to please cast your vote as soon as possible by Internet, telephone or mail.
We look forward to seeing you at the meeting. Warm regards, Howard
      Schultz chairman, president and
      chief executive officer STARBUCKS
CORPORATION 2401 Utah
Avenue South Seattle, Washington 98134 NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS The
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Starbucks Corporation will be held at Marion
Oliver McCaw Hall at the Seattle Center, located at 321 Mercer Street, in
Seattle, Washington, on March 19, 2014 at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) for the
following purposes: 1. To elect twelve directors
      nominated by the board of directors to serve until the 2015 Annual Meeting
      of Shareholders; 2. To approve an advisory
      resolution on our executive compensation; 3. To ratify the selection of
      Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting
      firm for the fiscal year ending September 28, 2014; 4. To consider two shareholder
      proposals described in the accompanying proxy statement, if properly
      presented at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders; and 5. To transact such other
      business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting of
      Shareholders. Only
shareholders of record at the close of business on January 9, 2014 will be
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
any adjournments thereof. YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT. Whether or not you plan
to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we urge you to cast your vote and
submit your proxy in advance of the meeting by one of the methods
below. 1. By Internet: go to
      www.proxyvote.com; 2. By toll-free telephone: call
      1-800-690-6903; or 3. By mail (if you received a
      paper copy of the proxy materials by mail): mark, sign, date and promptly
      mail the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid
  envelope. Shareholders may also vote in person at the
annual meeting. If you are a registered shareholder (that is, you hold your
shares in your name), you must present valid identification to vote at the
meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (that is, your shares are held in
the name of a broker, bank or other holder of record), you will also need to
obtain a “legal proxy” from the holder of record to vote at the
meeting. By order of the board of directors, Lucy Lee
      Helm executive vice president,
      general counsel and secretary Seattle, Washington January 24,
2014 Important Notice Regarding the
Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held on March 19, 2014. Our proxy statement is attached. Financial and other
information concerning Starbucks is contained in our annual report to
shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2013. The proxy statement
and our fiscal 2013 annual report to shareholders are available on our website
at http://investor.starbucks.com. Additionally, you may access our proxy
materials at www.proxyvote.com, a site that does not have “cookies” that
identify visitors to the site. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
Statement Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 Annual Meeting Information 1 Annual Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations 1 Board Nominees 2 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Financial Highlights 3 Executive Compensation Highlights 5 Auditors 5 PROXY STATEMENT 6 VOTING INFORMATION 6 PROPOSAL 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 Nominees 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 Board Leadership 13 Risk Oversight 13 Affirmative Determinations Regarding Director Independence and Other Matters 14 Board Committees and Related Matters 14 Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings, Annual Meeting 14 Audit and Compliance Committee 15 Compensation and Management Development Committee 15 Succession Planning 16 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 17 Our Director Nominations Process 17 Corporate Governance Materials Available on the Starbucks Website 19 Contacting the Board of Directors 19 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 20 Fiscal 2013 Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors 20 Fiscal 2013 Non-Employee Director Compensation 20 PROPOSAL 2 — ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 22 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 23 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 23 Executive Summary 23 Elements of Our Compensation Program 25 Our Executive Compensation Process 26 Analysis of Executive Compensation Decisions 26 Other Compensation 31 Peer Group Companies and Benchmarking 32 Other Policies and Considerations 33 Compensation Committee Report 35 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 36 Summary Compensation Table 36 Fiscal 2013 All Other Compensation Table 37 Fiscal 2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 38 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2013 Year-End Table 40 Fiscal 2013 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 42 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 43 Fiscal 2013 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 44 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 44 PROPOSAL 3 — RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 46 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 46 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 47 Audit and Compliance Committee Report 47 PROPOSAL 4 — SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL TO PROHIBIT POLITICAL SPENDING 48 Supporting Statement 48 Board Recommendation 48 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
Statement PROPOSAL 5 — SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIRMAN 50 Supporting Statement 50 Board Recommendation 51 OTHER BUSINESS 52 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 52 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 53 Review and Approval of Related-Person Transactions 53 Related-Person Transactions Since the Beginning of Fiscal 2013 54 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 55 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 56 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 56 Internet Availability of Annual Meeting Materials 56 Proposals of Shareholders 57 Shareholders Sharing the Same Address 57 Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 10-K 58 Ticketing and Transportation Information for the Starbucks Corporation 2014 Annual See outside Meeting of Shareholders back cover Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROXY
STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information
contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. It does not contain all of the
information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy
statement carefully before voting. ANNUAL
    MEETING INFORMATION 10:00 a.m. (Pacific
      Time) on Wednesday, March 19, 2014 Doors open at
      8:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) Marion Oliver McCaw Hall at
      the Seattle Center 321 Mercer Street Seattle, WA
      98109 Voting: Shareholders as of the record
        date, January 9, 2014, are entitled to vote. Your broker will NOT be able
        to vote your shares with respect to any of the matters presented at the
        meeting other than the ratification of the selection of our independent
        registered public accounting firm, unless you give your broker specific
        voting instructions. Attending the Annual
      Meeting: In Person . To be admitted, you will be required to present a
        government-issued photo identification (such as a driver’s license or
        passport) and either the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
        Materials or the admission ticket enclosed with the paper copy of the
        proxy materials. More information, including directions to
        the Mercer Street Garage located directly across the street from McCaw
        Hall can be found on the back cover of this proxy
        statement. Via Webcast . Shareholders may
        view and listen to a live webcast of the meeting. The webcast will start
        at 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Time). See our Investor Relations website at http://investor.starbucks.com for details. You do not need to attend the
        Annual Meeting of Shareholders to vote if you submitted your proxy in
        advance of the meeting. Even if you plan to attend our annual meeting in person, please
      cast your vote as soon as possible by: using the
      Internet at www.proxyvote.com calling
      toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada to
      1-800-690-6903 scanning this QR code to vote with your mobile
      device mailing your signed proxy or voting instruction
      form ANNUAL MEETING AGENDA AND VOTING
RECOMMENDATIONS Page Reference (for more Proposal Board Voting Recommendation detail) Management proposals FOR EACH DIRECTOR Election of 12
      directors NOMINEE 8 Advisory resolution to approve
      our executive compensation FOR 22 Ratification of
      selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
      public accounting firm for fiscal 2014 FOR 46 Shareholder proposals Prohibition on
      Political Spending AGAINST 48 Require an Independent Board Chairman AGAINST 50 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 1 BOARD
NOMINEES The following table provides summary
information about each director nominee. Each director nominee is elected
annually by a majority of votes cast. Director Committee Memberships Name Age Since Principal Occupation Independent ACC CMDC NCGC Howard Schultz 60 1985 chairman, president and chief executive officer of Starbucks Corporation William W. Bradley 70 2003 managing director of Allen & X X Company Robert M. Gates 70 2012 former United States Secretary of X X Defense Mellody Hobson 44 2005 president and director of Ariel X X Investments Kevin R. Johnson 53 2009 retired chief executive officer of X X C Juniper Networks Olden Lee 72 2003 retired executive of PepsiCo X X Joshua Cooper Ramo 45 2011 vice chairman of Kissinger X X Associates James G. Shennan, Jr. 72 1990 general partner emeritus of Trinity X X C Ventures Clara Shih 32 2011 chief executive officer of Hearsay X X X Social Javier G. Teruel 63 2005 retired vice chairman of Colgate- X C X Palmolive Company Myron E. Ullman, III 67 2003 ceo of J.C. Penney Company, Inc. X X Craig E. Weatherup 68 1999 retired chief executive officer of X, P X X Pepsi-Cola C Chair ACC Audit and Compliance
      Committee CMDC Compensation and Management
      Development Committee NCGC Nominating and Corporate
      Governance Committee P Presiding (lead) independent
      director 2 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROXY STATEMENT
SUMMARY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
HIGHLIGHTS Board Independence · Independent director nominees 11 of 12 · Independent presiding director Craig E.
      Weatherup · Independent board committees All · Age limit 75 Director Elections · Frequency of board elections Annual · Voting
      standard for uncontested
      elections Majority of
      votes cast Board Meetings in Fiscal 2013 · Full board meetings 9 · Independent
    director-only sessions 9 Board Committee Meetings in Fiscal
  2013 · Audit and Compliance 11 · Compensation
      and Management
      Development 7 · Nominating and Corporate Governance 5 Evaluating and Improving Board Performance · Board evaluations Annually · Committee
      evaluations Annually · Board orientation Yes Aligning Director and Shareholder
    Interests · Director stock ownership guidelines Yes · Director equity
      grants Yes FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS Starbucks delivered its best
performance in history and increased net revenue by 12% and operating
income (1) by 23%
year over year; 3-year cumulative total shareholder return (“TSR”) was
212%. Starbucks delivered its strongest
financial performance in its 42-year history in fiscal 2013, on a non-GAAP
basis. Total net revenue increased 12% to a record $14.9 billion. Global
comparable store sales grew 7%, driven by a 5% increase in traffic. The
continued strength of our U.S. retail business and continued global sales growth
both contributed to these outstanding results. In addition, we returned $1.2
billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividend payments and share
repurchases in fiscal 2013. 12% Revenues 23% Operating
      Income 1 212% 3-yr Cumulative
      TSR (1) Non-GAAP Operating Income
      for fiscal 2013 was $2,458.7 million and excludes the impact of a
      significant litigation charge in the amount of $2,784.1 million. Including
      the impact of the litigation charge, operating loss as reported under GAAP
      for fiscal 2013 was ($325.4 million). The Company did not report non-GAAP
      operating income for fiscal 2012 and the increase shown above is from
      fiscal 2012 operating income as reported under
GAAP. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 3 Financial Results
Under Incentive Plans The charts below compare certain
fiscal 2013 financial results that were used in determining fiscal
2013 payouts under our Executive Management Bonus Plan (“EMBP”) to fiscal 2012
and fiscal 2011 results. 1 Note that these financial measures differ
from the comparable GAAP measures reported in our financial statements, as the
measures below are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain non-recurring items
in accordance with the terms of our EMBP. Because the performance period under our
performance RSUs was lengthened from one year to two years in fiscal 2013,
fiscal 2013 results did not impact the number of RSUs earned under any of our
previously-awarded performance RSU grants. With respect to the performance RSUs
granted in fiscal 2013, the number of RSUs earned will be determined based on
fiscal 2014 adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) and return on invested capital
(“ROIC”) goals. Dollars amount below are in millions Consolidated
      Adjusted Operating Income 2 Consolidated
      Adjusted Net Revenue 3 Return on Invested
      Capital (ROIC) 4 (1) Our fiscal year ends on the
      Sunday closest to September 30. Fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011 each
      included 52 weeks. (2) Fiscal 2013 consolidated adjusted
      operating income results exclude the impact of a significant litigation
      charge, the acquisition and results of the Teavana business, certain asset
      dispositions, mark to market adjustments arising from our Management
      Deferred Compensation Plan (“MDCP”), foreign currency fluctuations and
      certain other items. Fiscal 2012 consolidated adjusted operating income
      results were adjusted to exclude the impact of significant acquisitions,
      restructuring, mark to market adjustments arising from our MDCP, foreign
      currency fluctuations and certain other items. Fiscal 2011 consolidated
      adjusted operating income results were adjusted to exclude the impact of a
      non-routine gain from the sale of corporate real estate, significant,
      unusual and/or non-recurring events, certain foreign currency fluctuations
      and mark to market adjustments arising from our MDCP. (3) Net revenue was not a performance
      measure under our incentive plans during fiscal 2012 and 2011. The fiscal
      2012 and 2011 numbers shown here are the GAAP numbers previously reported
      by the Company and do not reflect adjustments we might have made if it had
      been a performance measure under our fiscal 2012 and 2011 incentive plans.
      Fiscal 2013 consolidated adjusted net revenue results exclude the impact
      of the acquisition and results of the Teavana business, certain asset
      dispositions, and foreign currency fluctuations. (4) Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)
      is calculated as adjusted net operating profit after taxes (adjusted for
      implied interest expense on operating leases), divided by average invested
      capital. Invested capital is calculated on a five-point average and
      includes shareholders equity, short- and long-term debt, all other
      long-term liabilities, and capitalized operating leases, less cash, cash
      equivalents and short- and long-term investments. Fiscal 2013 ROIC results
      exclude the impact of a significant litigation charge, the acquisition and
      results of the Teavana business, certain asset dispositions, mark to
      market adjustments arising from our MDCP, foreign currency fluctuations
      and certain other items. Fiscal 2012 ROIC results were adjusted to exclude
      the impact of significant acquisitions, restructuring, mark to market
      adjustments arising from our MDCP, foreign currency fluctuations and
      certain other items. Fiscal 2011 ROIC results were adjusted to exclude the
      impact of a non-routine gain from the sale of corporate real estate,
      significant, unusual and/or non-recurring events, certain foreign currency
      fluctuations and mark to market adjustments arising from our MDCP. Fiscal
      2013 ROIC calculated on a pro forma basis to include the results of the
      Teavana business (as if it were owned by the Company during the entire
      fiscal year) is 23.1%. Teavana was acquired in the second quarter of
      fiscal 2013 and as a result its impact was not included in fiscal 2013
      EMBP targets and was excluded from the fiscal 2013 results for EMBP
      purposes shown above. 4 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROXY STATEMENT
SUMMARY EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Our executive compensation program is
designed to achieve the following key objectives: Enable the attraction and retention of top
  talent by competing
  effectively for the highest quality people who will determine our long-term
  success; Pay for performance through aligning compensation with the
  achievement of both short-term and long-term financial objectives that build
  shareholder value; and Be true to our values by supporting our mission statement and
  guiding principles. Some of the compensation “best
practices” we employ to achieve these objectives include: What We Do What We Don’t Do Deliver a majority of
        executives’ target total direct compensation in the form of variable,
        “at-risk,” performance-based compensation Utilize performance-based RSUs
        with vesting requirements Require our executives and
        directors to satisfy rigorous stock ownership guidelines Maintain a clawback
        policy Prohibit partners from
        engaging in hedging transactions in Starbucks stock or pledging
        Starbucks stock Conduct annual “say-on-pay”
        advisory votes Have single-trigger
        change-in-control equity acceleration provisions Provide cash-based
        change-in-control benefits Provide excise tax gross-ups
        of perquisites Provide significant
        perquisites Maintain a supplemental
        executive retirement plan
(SERP) AUDITORS As a matter of good corporate
governance, the Audit Committee is asking our shareholders to ratify the
selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP to serve as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal 2014. The following table sets forth the
aggregate fees billed by Deloitte for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Type of
      Fees Fiscal
      2013 Fiscal
      2012 Audit Fees $ 5,317,000 $ 4,878,000 Audit-Related Fees $ 130,000 $ 222,000 Tax Fees $ 362,000 $ 856,000 All Other
      Fees $ 44,000 $ — Total $ 5,853,000 $ 5,956,000 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 5 PROXY
STATEMENT STARBUCKS
CORPORATION 2401
Utah Avenue South Seattle, Washington 98134 We are making this proxy statement
available to you on or about January 24, 2014 in connection with the
solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for the Starbucks Corporation
2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. At Starbucks and in this proxy statement,
we refer to our employees as “partners.” Also in this proxy statement we
sometimes refer to Starbucks as the “Company,” “we” or “us,” and to the 2014
Annual Meeting of Shareholders as the “annual meeting.” When we refer
to the Company’s fiscal year, we mean the annual period ending on the Sunday
closest to September 30 of the stated year. Information in this proxy statement
for 2013 generally refers to our 2013 fiscal year, which was from October 1,
2012 through September 29, 2013 (“fiscal 2013”). Fiscal years 2013, 2012 and
2011 each included 52 weeks. VOTING INFORMATION Record Date. The record date for the annual meeting
is January 9, 2014. On the record date, there were 756,184,151 shares of our
common stock outstanding and there were no outstanding shares of any other class
of stock. Voting Your Proxy. Holders of shares of common stock are
entitled to cast one vote per share on all matters. Proxies will be voted as
instructed by the shareholder or shareholders granting the proxy. Unless
contrary instructions are specified, if the proxy is completed and submitted
(and not revoked) prior to the annual meeting, the shares of Starbucks common
stock represented by the proxy will be voted: (i) FOR the election
of each of the twelve director candidates nominated by the board of directors;
(ii) FOR approval of the advisory resolution on our executive compensation; (iii) FOR the ratification of the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
September 28, 2014 (“fiscal 2014”); (iv) AGAINST the shareholder proposal
to prohibit political spending; (v) AGAINST the shareholder proposal
to require an independent board chairman and (vi) in accordance with the best
judgment of the named proxies on any other matters properly brought before the
annual meeting. Revoking Your Proxy. If you are a registered shareholder
(meaning, a shareholder who holds share certificates issued in his or her name
and therefore appears on the share register) and have executed a proxy, you may
revoke or change your proxy at any time before it is exercised by (i) executing
and delivering a later-dated proxy card to our corporate secretary prior to the
annual meeting; (ii) delivering written notice of revocation of the proxy to our
corporate secretary prior to the annual meeting; or (iii) attending and voting
in person at the annual meeting. Attendance at the annual meeting, in and of
itself, will not constitute a revocation of a proxy. If you voted by telephone
or the Internet and wish to change your vote, you may call the toll-free number or go to
the Internet site, as may be applicable in the case of your earlier vote, and
follow the directions for revoking or changing your vote. If your shares are
held in the name of a broker, bank or other holder of record, you should follow
the voting instructions you receive from the holder of record to revoke or
change your vote. Vote Required. The presence, in person or by proxy, of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Starbucks common stock is
required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the annual
meeting. Abstentions and “broker non-votes” (shares held by a broker or nominee
that does not have discretionary authority to vote on a particular matter and
has not received voting instructions from its client) are counted for purposes
of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of
business at the annual meeting. We have adopted majority voting
procedures for the election of directors in uncontested elections. If a quorum
is present, a nominee for election to a position on the board of directors will
be elected as a director if the votes cast for the nominee exceed the votes cast
against the nominee. The term of any incumbent director who does not receive a
majority of votes cast in an election held under the majority voting standard
terminates on the earliest to occur of (i) 90 days from the date on which the
voting results of the election are certified; (ii) the date the board of
directors fills the position; or (iii) the date the director resigns. If a
quorum is present, approval of the advisory resolution on executive
compensation, ratification of the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm and approval of the shareholder
proposals, and any other matters that properly come before the meeting, require
that the votes cast in favor of such actions exceed the votes cast against such
actions. The following will not be considered votes cast and will not count
towards the election of any director nominee or approval of the other 6 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROXY
STATEMENT proposals: (i) broker non-votes; (ii)
a share whose ballot is marked as abstain; (iii) a share otherwise present at
the annual meeting but for which there is an abstention; and (iv) a share
otherwise present at the annual meeting as to which a shareholder gives no
authority or direction. Unless you provide voting
instructions to any broker holding shares on your behalf, your broker may not
use discretionary authority to vote your shares on any of the matters to be
considered at the annual meeting other than the ratification of our independent
registered public accounting firm. Please vote your proxy so your vote can be
counted. Proxies and ballots will be
received and tabulated by Broadridge Financial Services, our inspector of
elections for the annual meeting. Even if you plan to attend our annual meeting in person, please
      cast your vote as soon as possible by: using the
      Internet at www.proxyvote.com calling
      toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada to
      1-800-690-6903 scanning this QR code to vote with your mobile
      device mailing your signed proxy or voting instruction
      form Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 7 PROPOSAL 1 —
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our board of directors currently has
twelve members. Under our bylaws, the number of directors may be changed at any
time by a resolution of the board of directors. Each of the twelve current
directors was elected at the 2013 annual meeting, upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the “Nominating/Governance
Committee”). The terms of all the directors expire upon the election and
qualification of the directors to be elected at the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. The board of directors has nominated all twelve of the current
directors for election at the annual meeting, to serve until the 2015 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders and until their respective successors have been elected
and qualified. Unless otherwise directed, the
persons named in the proxy intend to vote all proxies FOR the election
of the nominees, as listed below, each of whom has consented to serve as a
director if elected. If, at the time of the annual meeting, any nominee is
unable or declines to serve as a director, the discretionary authority provided
in the enclosed proxy will be exercised to vote for a substitute candidate
designated by the board of directors, unless the board chooses to reduce its own
size. The board of directors has no reason to believe that any of the nominees
will be unable or will decline to serve if elected. Proxies cannot be voted for
more than twelve persons since that is the total number of nominees. Set forth below is certain
information furnished to us by the director nominees. There are no family
relationships among any of our current directors or executive officers. None of
the corporations or other organizations referenced in the biographical
information below is a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of
Starbucks. We believe that our directors should
satisfy a number of qualifications, including demonstrated integrity, a record
of personal accomplishments, a commitment to participation in board activities
and other traits discussed below in “Our Director Nominations Process.” We also
endeavor to have a board representing a range of skills and depth of experience
in areas that are relevant to and contribute to the board’s oversight of the
Company’s global activities. Following the biographical information for each
director nominee, we describe the key experience, qualifications and skills our
directors bring to the board that, for reasons discussed below, are important in
light of Starbucks businesses and structure. The board considered these
experiences, qualifications and skills and the directors’ other qualifications
in determining to recommend that the directors be nominated for
election. Food and beverage industry
  experience. As the
  premier roaster and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, we seek
  directors who have knowledge of and experience in the food and beverage
  industry, which is useful in understanding the products that we develop and
  our licensing operations. Consumer products and
  foodservice experience. We seek directors with expertise in consumer products and foodservice
  as we continue to increase our focus on expanding our channel development
  business on a global scale. Brand marketing experience. Brand marketing
  experience is important for our directors to have because of the importance of
  image and reputation in the specialty coffee business and our objective to
  maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands
  in the world. International operations and
  distribution experience. Starbucks has a strong
  global presence with operations in 63 countries around the world (as of the
  date of this proxy statement) and approximately 45,000 partners (employees)
  employed outside the U.S. as of the end of fiscal 2013. Accordingly,
  international operations and distribution experience is important for our
  directors to have, especially as we continue to expand globally and develop
  new channels of distribution. Domestic and international
  public policy experience. We believe that it is important for our directors to have domestic and
  international public policy experience in order to help us address significant
  public policy issues, adapt to different business and regulatory environments
  and facilitate our work with governments all over the world. Digital and social media
  experience. As a
  consumer retail company, it is important for our directors to have digital and
  social media experience which can provide insight and perspective with respect
  to our marketing, sales and customer service functions. Public company board
  experience. Directors
  who have served on other public company boards can offer advice and
  perspective with respect to board dynamics and operations, relations between
  the board and Starbucks management and other matters, including corporate
  governance, executive compensation and oversight of strategic, operational and
  compliance-related matters. Senior leadership
  experience. We believe
  that it is important for our directors to have served in senior leadership
  roles at other organizations, which demonstrates strong abilities to motivate
  and manage others, to identify and develop leadership qualities in others and
  to manage organizations. 8 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROPOSAL 1 —
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES Howard
      Schultz HOWARD SCHULTZ, 60, is the founder of
Starbucks Corporation and serves as our chairman, president and chief executive
officer. Mr. Schultz has served as chairman of the board of directors since our
inception in 1985, and in January 2008, he reassumed the role of president and
chief executive officer. From June 2000 to February 2005, Mr. Schultz also held
the title of chief global strategist. From November 1985 to June 2000, he served
as chairman of the board and chief executive officer. From November 1985 to June
1994, Mr. Schultz also served as president. From January 1986 to July 1987, Mr.
Schultz was the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and president of
Il Giornale Coffee Company, a predecessor to the Company. From September 1982 to
December 1985, Mr. Schultz was the director of retail operations and marketing
for Starbucks Coffee Company, a predecessor to the Company. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: As
        the founder of Starbucks, Mr. Schultz has demonstrated a record of
        innovation, achievement and leadership. This experience
        provides the board of directors with a unique perspective
        into the operations and vision for Starbucks. Through his experience as the chairman, president
        and chief executive officer, Mr. Schultz is also able to
        provide the board of directors with insight and information
        regarding Starbucks strategy, operations and business. In
        addition, Mr. Schultz brings to the board more than 30
        years of experience with Starbucks and extensive
        experience in the food and beverage industry, brand marketing
        and international distribution and
    operations. William W.
      Bradley WILLIAM W. BRADLEY, 70, has been a
Starbucks director since June 2003. Since 2000, Senator Bradley has been a
Managing Director of Allen & Company LLC, an investment banking firm. From
2001 until 2004, he acted as Chief Outside Advisor to McKinsey & Company’s
non-profit practice. In 2000, Senator Bradley was a candidate for the Democratic
nomination for President of the United States. He served as a Senior Advisor and
Vice Chairman of the International Council of JP Morgan & Co. from 1997
through 1999. During that time, Senator Bradley also worked as an essayist for CBS Evening News , and as a Visiting Professor at Stanford University, the
University of Notre Dame and the University of Maryland. Senator Bradley served
in the U.S. Senate from 1979 until 1997, representing the State of New Jersey.
Prior to serving in the U.S. Senate, he was an Olympic gold medalist in 1964,
and from 1967 through 1977 he played professional basketball for the New York
Knicks, during which time they won two world championships. Senator Bradley
previously served on the Boards of Directors of Seagate Technology and Willis
Group Holdings Limited and currently serves on the Board of Directors of
QuinStreet, Inc. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Based on over 18 years in the U.S. Senate, Senator
        Bradley has a deep understanding of U.S. governmental
        and regulatory affairs, public policy and
        international relations. He is able to provide the board of
        directors with unique insights into Starbucks strategy,
        operations and business. Senator Bradley also has
        extensive experience in the private sector, including in
        consulting, financial services and media and communications. In addition, Senator Bradley brings to
        the board extensive experience as a director on the
        boards of other publicly traded companies, with knowledge in a number of
        important areas, including leadership and corporate
        governance. Robert M.
      Gates ROBERT M. GATES, 70, has been a
Starbucks director since May 2012. Secretary Gates served in numerous roles in
the Executive Branch of the U.S. government for nearly half a century,
culminating as Secretary of Defense from December 2006 to June 2011. In
September 2011, Secretary Gates was named Chancellor of the College of William
& Mary. From August 2002 to December 2006, he served as president of Texas
A&M University. Secretary Gates has previously been a member of the Board of
Directors of several companies, including Brinker International, Inc., NACCO
Industries, Inc., Parker Drilling Company and the Board of Independent Trustees
of the Fidelity Funds. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Secretary Gates’ extensive career in various
        leadership roles in the executive branch of government provides the board of
        directors with invaluable perspective on domestic and
        international issues and risks affecting Starbucks
        business throughout the world. The board of directors
        also benefits from his leadership experience at large
        institutions that deal with problem solving in which many, often
        conflicting, public and private cultural, political, economic and
        other interests are involved. Additionally, his
        experience as a member of the board of directors of several
        public companies, including his roles as the chair of audit
        committees, strengthens the depth of corporate governance
        and risk assessment knowledge of the board. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 9 Mellody
      Hobson MELLODY HOBSON, 44, has been a
Starbucks director since February 2005. Ms. Hobson has served as the President
and a Director of Ariel Investments, LLC, a Chicago-based investment management
firm since 2000, and as the Chairman since 2006 and a Trustee since 1993 of the
mutual funds it manages. She previously served as Senior Vice President and
Director of Marketing at Ariel Capital Management, Inc. from 1994 to 2000, and
as Vice President of Marketing at Ariel Capital Management, Inc. from 1991 to
1994. Ms. Hobson works with a variety of civic and professional institutions,
including serving as a Board Member of the Chicago Public Education Fund and as
Chairman of After School Matters, which provides Chicago teens with high quality
out-of-school time programs. Ms. Hobson also serves on the Boards of Directors
of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc., where she was named Chairman of the Board in
2012, The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. and Groupon, Inc. Additionally, she is on
the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: As the president and a
        director of a large investment company, Ms. Hobson brings significant
        leadership, operational, investment and financial expertise to the board
        of directors. Ms. Hobson’s experience as an on-air CBS news contributor
        and analyst on finance and economy provides insight into media and
        communications and public relations considerations. Ms. Hobson also
        brings to the board of directors valuable knowledge of corporate
        governance and similar issues from her service on other publicly traded
        companies’ boards of directors as well as her service on the Securities
        and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Investment Advisory Committee, which
        advises the SEC on matters of concern to investors in the securities
        markets. In addition, Ms. Hobson has brand marketing experience through
        her service on the board of directors of DreamWorks Animation and The
        Estee Lauder Companies. Kevin R.
      Johnson KEVIN R. JOHNSON, 53, has been a
Starbucks director since March 2009. Mr. Johnson served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc., a leading provider of high-performance
networking products and services, from September 2008 to December 2013. Mr.
Johnson continues to serve on the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks. Prior
to joining Juniper Networks, Mr. Johnson served as President, Platforms and
Services Division for Microsoft Corporation, a worldwide provider of software,
services and solutions. Mr. Johnson was a member of Microsoft’s Senior
Leadership Team and held a number of senior executive positions over the course
of his 16 years at Microsoft. Prior to joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Johnson
worked in International Business Machine Corp.’s systems integration and
consulting business. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Johnson has extensive
        experience in the technology industry and is able to provide the board
        of directors with his unique insights into platforms for global
        integration of information systems as well as the use of technology in
        our brand marketing and media and communications efforts. Through his
        various senior leadership positions, including his experience as Chief
        Executive Officer of Juniper Networks and extensive senior executive
        experience with a large, multinational company, Mr. Johnson also has
        experience with the challenges inherent in managing a complex
        organization, leading global businesses focused on both consumer and
        business needs and utilizing technology to drive business productivity
        and experience. Olden
    Lee OLDEN LEE, 72, has been a Starbucks
director since June 2003. Mr. Lee also served as our interim executive vice
president, Partner Resources from April 2009 to March 2010. Mr. Lee previously
worked with PepsiCo, Inc., a global food, snack and beverage company, for 28
years in a variety of positions, including serving as Senior Vice President of
human resources of its Taco Bell division and Senior Vice President and Chief
Personnel Officer of its KFC division. Mr. Lee retired from PepsiCo in 1998.
Since 1998, Mr. Lee has served as Principal of Lee Management Consulting, a
management consulting firm he founded. Mr. Lee previously served on the Board of
Directors of TLC Vision Corporation. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Through his prior experience
        as a senior human resources executive of a large, global food, snack and
        beverage company, Mr. Lee brings to the board experience in managing a
        complex international workforce in the food and beverage industry, as
        well as senior leadership experience. From this experience as well as
        his public company board experience, Mr. Lee offers the board of
        directors a unique perspective and insight into a number of important
        areas, including leadership, executive compensation, risk assessment,
        compliance and corporate governance. Mr. Lee also has significant
        experience in dealing with international operational and management
        issues. 10 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROPOSAL 1 —
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Joshua Cooper
      Ramo JOSHUA COOPER RAMO, 45, has been a
Starbucks director since May 2011. Mr. Ramo is Vice Chairman of Kissinger
Associates, a strategic advisory firm where he has been employed since 2005. He
was previously the Managing Partner and a senior advisor for the Office of John
L. Thornton, a corporate advisory specialist and an advisor to Goldman Sachs,
from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Ramo spent his early career as a journalist, most
recently with TIME magazine, from 1996 to 2003 serving as Senior Editor and
Foreign Editor. He is a leading China scholar and has written several papers on
China’s development that have been distributed in China and abroad. In 2008, Mr.
Ramo served as China Analyst for NBC during the Summer Olympics in Beijing. He
is the author of the New York
Times best-selling book, The Age of the Unthinkable . Mr. Ramo has been a term member of the Council on
Foreign Relations, Asia 21 Leaders Program, World Economic Forum’s Young Global
Leaders and Global Leaders for Tomorrow, and co-founder of the U.S. - China
Young Leaders Forum. He also serves on the Board of Directors and Audit
Committee of FedEx Corporation. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Ramo’s broad international
        experience provides the board of directors with his unique insights
        related to Starbucks strategy, operations and business as a global
        company. Mr. Ramo brings to the board significant domestic and
        international public policy experience and media and communications
        experience from his career as a journalist and author and service with
        several international non-governmental organizations as well as public
        company board experience. Mr. Ramo has extensive knowledge in a number
        of important areas, including innovative problem-solving related to
        global risks and opportunities, particularly with regard to
        China. James G. Shennan,
      Jr. JAMES G. SHENNAN, JR., 72, has been a
Starbucks director since March 1990. Mr. Shennan served as a General Partner of
Trinity Ventures, a venture capital organization, from September 1989 to July
2005, when he became General Partner Emeritus. Prior to joining Trinity
Ventures, he served as the Chief Executive of Addison Consultants, Inc., an
international marketing services firm, and two of its predecessor companies. Mr.
Shennan also served on the Board of Directors of P.F. Chang’s China Bistro,
Inc. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: As a member of our board of directors since 1990, Mr.
        Shennan brings valuable knowledge of Starbucks culture, operations and
        development into a worldwide brand to the board of directors. In
        addition, Mr. Shennan provides the benefits of service on the boards of
        other publicly traded companies, including food and beverage industry
        experience and board leadership experience from his service as the lead
        independent director of P.F. Chang’s China Bistro and extensive
        knowledge of executive compensation and corporate governance issues. Mr.
        Shennan also brings to the board brand marketing experience,
        international distributions and operations experience and finance
        experience from his roles with Trinity Ventures, Addison Consultants and
        Procter & Gamble. Clara
    Shih CLARA SHIH, 32, has been a Starbucks
director since December 2011. Ms. Shih is Chief Executive Officer and a Board
Member of Hearsay Social, Inc., an enterprise software company serving Fortune
500 brands that she co-founded in August 2009. From June 2006 to June 2009, she
served as Product Management Director, AppExchange of salesforce.com, inc., an
enterprise software company. From 2004 to 2006, she served as Associate,
Strategy and Business Operations for Google, Inc. Previously, Ms. Shih was a
software engineer at Microsoft Corporation. Ms. Shih, the creator of the first
business application on Facebook, is the author of The Facebook Era ,
a marketing textbook at Harvard Business School. In 2011, she was named one
of Businessweek’s Top Young Entrepreneurs, one of Fortune’s Most
Powerful Women Entrepreneurs and one of CNN Money’s “40 under 40: Ones to
Watch.” DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Shih brings to the board digital and social media
        expertise, brand marketing, innovation and entrepreneurial experience
        from her position with Hearsay Social, as well as her prior experience
        at other technology companies. She provides unique insights to Starbucks
        related to technology innovation and growth of business on social
        networking sites across marketing, sales, customer service, recruiting
        and R&D functions. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 11 Javier G.
      Teruel JAVIER G. TERUEL, 63, has been a
Starbucks director since September 2005. Mr. Teruel served as Vice Chairman of
Colgate-Palmolive Company, a consumer products company, from July 2004 to April
2007, when he retired. Prior to being appointed Vice Chairman, Mr. Teruel served
as Colgate-Palmolive’s Executive Vice President responsible for Asia, Central
Europe, Africa and Hill’s Pet Nutrition. After joining Colgate in Mexico in
1971, Mr. Teruel served as Vice President of Body Care in Global Business
Development in New York and President and General Manager of Colgate-Mexico. He
also served as President of Colgate-Europe, and as Chief Growth Officer
responsible for the company’s growth functions. Mr. Teruel currently serves as a
Partner of Spectron Desarrollo, SC, an impact investment and consulting firm and
as Chairman of Alta Growth Capital, a private equity firm. He previously served
on the Boards of Directors of The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. and Corporaciòn Geo
S.A.B. de C.V. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of J.C. Penney
Company, Inc. and the Nielsen Company B.V. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Teruel brings to the board extensive brand marketing
        experience and international distribution and operations experience from
        his various executive roles at a large, multinational consumer products
        company, including considerable product development, merchandising and
        marketing skills and perspectives. His international background provides
        unique insights relevant to Starbucks strategy, operations and business
        as a global company. Through his senior leadership and public company
        board experience, Mr. Teruel also possesses extensive knowledge in a
        number of important areas, including leadership, finance and risk
        assessment. Myron E. Ullman,
      III MYRON E. ULLMAN, III, 67, has been a
Starbucks director since January 2003. Mr. Ullman has served as Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the board of directors of J.C. Penney Company, Inc., a
chain of retail department stores, since April 2013. Mr. Ullman previously
served as Executive Chairman of J.C. Penney Company, Inc., from November 2011 to
January 2012, and as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
Officer from December 2004 to November 2011. Mr. Ullman served as Directeur
General, Group Managing Director of LVMH Möet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, a luxury
goods manufacturer and retailer, from July 1999 to January 2002. From January
1995 to June 1999, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DFS
Group Limited, a retailer of luxury branded merchandise. From 1992 to 1995, Mr.
Ullman served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of R.H. Macy & Co.,
Inc. Mr. Ullman previously served on the Boards of Directors for Ralph Lauren
Corporation, Taubman Centers, Saks, Inc. and Pzena Investment Managechament,
Inc. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Through Mr. Ullman’s senior leadership and public company
        board experience with U.S. and international retailers, he brings to the
        board of directors extensive knowledge in important areas, including
        leadership of global businesses, finance, executive compensation, risk
        assessment and compliance. He also brings to the board brand marketing
        experience and international distribution and operations experience from
        his roles at major U.S. and international retailers, as well as insights
        and perspectives from positions he has held in the technology and real
        estate industries and the public sector. Mr. Ullman’s experiences as
        chairman and chief executive officer of various entities during his
        career provide the board of directors with insight into the challenges
        inherent in managing a complex organization. Craig E.
      Weatherup CRAIG E. WEATHERUP, 68, has been a
Starbucks director since February 1999. Mr. Weatherup worked with PepsiCo, Inc.
for 24 years and served as Chief Executive Officer of its worldwide Pepsi-Cola
business and President of PepsiCo, Inc., retiring in 1999. He also led the
initial public offering of The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., where he served as
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from March 1999 to January 2003. Mr.
Weatherup also serves on the Board of Directors of Macy’s, Inc. DIRECTOR
      QUALIFICATIONS: Through Mr. Weatherup’s public company board experience
        from his service on the board of directors of Macy’s, as well as his
        prior senior leadership experience as a chairman and chief executive
        officer, he is able to bring to the board of directors extensive
        knowledge in important areas, including finance, leadership, executive
        compensation, corporate governance, risk assessment and compliance. In
        addition, Mr. Weatherup brings to the board food and beverage industry
        experience, as well as brand marketing experience and international
        distribution and operations experience from his prior role as chief
        executive officer of a large, global food and beverage business. Mr.
        Weatherup also possesses valuable knowledge of and insight into
        Starbucks business and operations from his 14 years of service as a
        member of our board of directors. THE BOARD OF
      DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES TO THE BOARD OF
      DIRECTORS. 12 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE BOARD
LEADERSHIP The board of
directors is responsible for overseeing the exercise of corporate power and
seeing that Starbucks business and affairs are managed to meet the Company’s
stated goals and objectives and that the long-term interests of the shareholders
are served. Howard Schultz currently serves as
the chairman of the board and our president, as well as our chief executive
officer. The independent directors of the board elected Craig Weatherup, a
non-employee independent director, to serve as the presiding (lead) independent
director pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices. Mr.
Weatherup’s term as presiding independent director began at the first board
meeting immediately following the Company’s 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
The presiding independent director is limited to two consecutive two-year terms,
so Mr. Weatherup is eligible to be selected again in March 2014 to serve a
second two-year term as presiding independent director. Our board leadership structure
supports the independence of our non-management directors. The independent
directors meet in an executive session at each board meeting, and each of the
standing board committees (discussed below) is comprised solely of and led by
independent directors. The presiding independent director presides at the
scheduled executive sessions of independent directors as well as all meetings of
the Board at which the chairman is not present. The presiding independent
director and the chairman each have the authority to call meetings of the
independent directors and the entire Board. Pursuant to our Corporate
Governance Principles and Practices, the duties
of the presiding independent director also include: serving as a liaison between the
  independent directors and the chairman of the board; approving the scheduling of board
  meetings, as well as the agenda and materials for each board meeting and
  executive session of the independent directors; approving and coordinating the
  retention of advisors and consultants to the board; and such other responsibilities as the
  independent directors may designate from time to time. The board believes that combining the
chairman and chief executive officer positions is currently the most effective
leadership structure for Starbucks given Mr. Schultz’s in-depth knowledge of
Starbucks business and industry and his ability to formulate and implement
strategic initiatives. As chief executive officer, Mr. Schultz is also
intimately involved in the day-to-day operations of the Company and is thus in a
position to elevate the most critical business issues for consideration by the
independent directors of the board. In addition, having a combined chairman and
chief executive officer enables Starbucks to speak with a unified voice to
shareholders, customers and other stakeholders. The board believes that the
combination of the chairman and chief executive officer roles as part of a
governance structure that includes a presiding independent director, as well as
the exercise of key board oversight responsibilities by independent directors,
provides an effective balance for the management of the Company in the best
interests of Starbucks shareholders. RISK OVERSIGHT The board of directors has overall
responsibility for risk oversight, including, as part of regular board and
committee meetings, general oversight of executives’ management of risks
relevant to the Company. A fundamental part of risk oversight is not only
understanding the material risks a company faces and the steps management is
taking to manage those risks, but also understanding what level of risk is
appropriate for the company. The involvement of the board of directors in
reviewing Starbucks business strategy is an integral aspect of the board’s
assessment of management’s tolerance for risk and also its determination of what
constitutes an appropriate level of risk for the Company. While the full board has overall
responsibility for risk oversight, the board has delegated oversight
responsibility related to certain risks to the Audit and Compliance Committee
(the “Audit Committee”) and the Compensation and Management Development
Committee (the “Compensation Committee”). The Audit Committee is responsible for
reviewing the Company’s risk assessment and risk management
policies, as well as discussing the major risk exposures Starbucks faces and the
steps management takes to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit
Committee receives regular reports from management and from our Chief Compliance
Officer on risks facing the Company at its regularly scheduled meetings and
other reports as requested by the Audit Committee from time to time. The
Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and overseeing the
management of any potential material risks related to Starbucks compensation
policies and practices. The Compensation Committee reviews a summary and
assessment of such risks annually and in connection with discussions of various
compensation elements and benefits throughout the year. The board’s role in risk oversight
has not had any effect on the board’s leadership structure. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 13 AFFIRMATIVE
DETERMINATIONS REGARDING DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND OTHER
MATTERS Our board of directors has
determined that each of the following director nominees is an “independent
director” as such term is defined under NASDAQ rules: William W.
      Bradley James G.
      Shennan, Jr. Robert M. Gates Clara Shih Mellody
      Hobson Javier G.
      Teruel Kevin R. Johnson Myron E. Ullman,
III Olden
    Lee Craig E.
      Weatherup Joshua Cooper Ramo In determining that Mr. Johnson is
independent, the board of directors considered his position as an officer and
director of a public company from which Starbucks purchased equipment in fiscal
2013, in an amount less than 1% of the annual revenues of such company. In
determining that Mr. Lee is independent, the board of directors considered that
he previously served, at the request of Starbucks, as our interim executive vice president,
Partner Resources. Mr. Lee served in this interim role for less than a year from
April 2009 to March of 2010. The board of directors determined that neither of
these relationships constitutes a “related-person transaction” under applicable
SEC rules or would interfere with the directors’ exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as
directors. BOARD
COMMITTEES AND RELATED MATTERS During fiscal 2013, our board of
directors had three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating/Governance Committee. The board of directors makes
committee and committee chair assignments annually at its meeting immediately
preceding the annual meeting of shareholders, although further changes to
committee assignments are made from time to time as deemed appropriate by
the board. The committees operate pursuant to written charters, which are
available on our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/corporate-governance. The current composition of each board
committee is set forth below. Compensation Nominating
      and Audit
      and and
      Management Corporate Compliance Development Governance Director Committee Committee Committee Board of
      Directors Howard Schultz Chair William W.
      Bradley X X Robert M. Gates X X Mellody
      Hobson X X Kevin R. Johnson X Chair X Olden
    Lee X X Joshua Cooper Ramo X X James G.
      Shennan, Jr. X Chair X Clara Shih X X X Javier G.
      Teruel Chair X X Myron E. Ullman, III X X Craig E.
      Weatherup X X X Fiscal 2013
    Meetings 11 7 5 9 ATTENDANCE AT
BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS, ANNUAL MEETING During fiscal 2013, each director
attended at least 75% of all meetings of the board and board committees on which
he or she served (held during the period that such director served). Our
Corporate Governance Principles and Practices require each board member to
attend our annual meeting of shareholders except for
absences due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the director. All of the
directors who then served on the board attended our 2013 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. 14 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE The Audit Committee annually
reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its charter. As more fully described in
its charter, the primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are
to: oversee
  our accounting and financial reporting processes, including the review of the
  Company’s quarterly and annual financial results; appoint the Company’s independent
  registered public accounting firm and oversee the relationship; including
  monitoring the auditor’s independence and reviewing the scope of the auditor’s
  work, including preapproval of audit and non-audit services; review the annual audit and
  quarterly review processes with management and the independent registered
  public accounting firm; review management’s assessment of
  the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting
  and the independent registered public accounting firm’s related
  attestation; oversee the Company’s internal audit
  function, including review of internal audit staffing and approval of the
  internal audit plan; review and approve or ratify all
  related party transactions and potential conflicts of interests that are
  required to be disclosed in the proxy statement; and review the Company’s risk assessment
  and risk management policies. Each of Ms. Hobson and Messrs.
Johnson, Teruel and Weatherup (i) meets the independence criteria prescribed by
applicable law and the rules of the SEC for audit committee membership and is an
“independent director” as defined by NASDAQ rules; (ii) meets NASDAQ’s financial
knowledge and sophistication requirements; and (iii) has been determined by the
board of directors to be an “audit committee financial expert” under SEC rules.
The “Audit and Compliance Committee Report” describes in more detail the Audit
Committee’s responsibilities with regard to our financial statements and its
interactions with our independent auditor, Deloitte & Touche
LLP. COMPENSATION AND MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee annually
reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its charter. As more fully described in
its charter, the primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are
to: conduct an annual review of and
  recommend to the independent directors of the board for their review and
  approval the compensation package for the chairman, president and chief
  executive officer; conduct an annual review and approve
  the compensation package for the Company’s executive officers and senior
  officers (as defined in its charter); annually review and approve
  objective performance measures and performance targets for all executive
  officers and senior officers participating in the annual incentive bonus plan
  and long-term incentive plans, and certify achievement of performance measures
  after the measurement period; approve, modify and administer
  partner-based equity plans, the Executive Management Bonus Plan and deferred
  compensation plans; after consulting with the
  independent directors, together with the chair of the Nominating/Governance
  Committee, the chair of the Compensation Committee annually reviews the
  performance of our chairman, president and chief executive officer and meets
  with him to share the findings of the review; annually review and approve our
  management development and succession planning practices and
  strategies; annually review and approve the
  Company’s peer group companies and review market data; provide recommendations to the board of directors on
compensation-related proposals to be considered at the Company’s annual meeting, including Say-on-Pay and any related shareholder feedback; determine management stock ownership guidelines and
periodically review ownership levels for compliance; and annually review a report from management regarding potential material risks, if any, created by the Company’s
compensation policies and practices and inform the
board of any necessary actions. Messrs. Johnson, Lee, Shennan, Teruel
and Ullman and Ms. Shih served on the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2013.
At least annually, the Compensation Committee reviews and approves our executive
compensation strategy and principles to confirm that they are aligned with our
business strategy and objectives, shareholder interests, desired behaviors and
corporate culture. The Compensation Committee’s charter
allows it to delegate its authority to subcommittees of the committee, as may be
necessary or appropriate. In March 2010, the Compensation Committee formed a
special subcommittee, the Performance Compensation Subcommittee (the
“Subcommittee”), which is responsible for establishing, administering, reviewing
and approving any award intended to qualify for the “performance-based
compensation” exception of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (“Section
162(m)”). The Subcommittee may establish, administer, review and approve any
compensation or compensatory award as may be requested by the Compensation
Committee from time to time. The current composition of the Subcommittee is:
Messrs. Johnson, Shennan, Teruel and Ullman and Ms. Shih. Each member of the
Subcommittee meets applicable independence requirements as prescribed by NASDAQ,
the SEC and the Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 15 IRS. Since Mr. Lee was an executive
officer of the Company for a period of time, he does not sit on the Subcommittee
and does not vote on performance-based compensation. Since March 2010, all
decisions related to performance-based compensation were made by the
Subcommittee. Management’s
Role in the Executive Compensation Process Mr. Schultz, our chairman, president
and chief executive officer, Marissa Andrada, our senior vice president, Global
Partner Resources, and other key members of our human resources function
(“Partner Resources”) each help support the Compensation Committee’s executive
compensation process and regularly attend portions of committee meetings. As
part of the executive compensation process, Mr. Schultz provides his perspective
to the Compensation Committee regarding the performance of his Senior Leadership
Team, which includes all of our executive officers and certain other senior
officers of the Company. Members of the Partner Resources team present
recommendations to the Compensation Committee on the full range of annual
executive compensation decisions, including (i) annual and long-term incentive
compensation programs; (ii) target competitive positioning of executive
compensation; and (iii) target total direct compensation for each executive
officer. These recommendations are developed in consultation with Mr. Schultz
and are accompanied by market data provided by the Company’s compensation
consultant, Towers Watson & Co. (“Towers Watson”). In accordance with NASDAQ rules, Mr.
Schultz was not present when his compensation was being discussed or approved
and did not vote on executive compensation matters, and neither he nor other
members of management attended executive sessions of the Compensation
Committee. The Role of
Consultants in the Executive Compensation Process For fiscal 2013, the Compensation
Committee engaged Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (“F.W. Cook”) as its outside
independent compensation consultant. The Compensation Committee’s consultant
regularly attends committee meetings and attends executive sessions as requested
by the Compensation Committee’s chair, Mr. Johnson. Without the Compensation
Committee’s prior approval, F.W. Cook will not perform any services for
Starbucks management, although the Compensation Committee has directed that F.W. Cook work in
cooperation with management as required to gather and review information
necessary to carry out its obligations. During fiscal 2013, F.W. Cook did not
perform any services for Starbucks other than making recommendations with
respect to executive and director compensation under its engagement by the
Compensation Committee. Its tasks also included reviewing, validating and
providing input on information, programs and recommendations made by management
and Towers Watson. For more information about the
Compensation Committee’s activities, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Report.” Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Messrs. Johnson, Lee, Shennan, Teruel
and Ullman and Ms. Shih served on the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2013.
As discussed above, Mr. Lee served as our interim executive vice president,
Partner Resources for a portion of fiscal 2010. Mr. Lee rejoined the
Compensation Committee in April 2010 as an independent director under the
applicable NASDAQ independence requirements. Compensation
Consultant Independence In furtherance of maintaining the
independence of the Committee’s compensation consultant, the Committee has the
sole authority to retain, terminate and obtain the advice of F.W. Cook (at the
Company’s expense). Further, as discussed above, the Committee’s compensation
consultant will not perform any services for Starbucks management unless
approved in advance by the Committee. In connection with its engagement of
F.W. Cook, the Committee considered various factors bearing upon F.W. Cook’s
independence including, but not limited to, the amount of fees received by F.W.
Cook from Starbucks as a percentage of F.W. Cook’s total revenue, F.W. Cook’s
policies and procedures designed to prevent conflicts of interest, and the
existence of any business or personal relationship that could impact F.W. Cook’s
independence. After reviewing these and other factors, the Committee determined
that F.W. Cook was independent and that its engagement did not present any
conflicts of interest. F.W. Cook also determined that it was independent from
management and confirmed this in a written statement delivered to the Chair of
the Committee. SUCCESSION
PLANNING Senior
Management Succession Planning In light of the critical importance
of executive leadership to Starbucks success, we have an annual succession
planning process that we refer to as Organization & Partner Planning
(“OPP”). The OPP process is enterprise wide for managers up to and including our
president and chief executive officer. Our board of directors’ involvement
in the annual OPP process is outlined in our Corporate Governance Principles and
Practices. The Principles provide that each year, the chair of the Compensation
Committee, together with the chairman, president and chief executive officer,
will review succession plans with the board, and provide the board
with 16 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE a recommendation as to succession in
the event of each senior officer’s termination of employment with Starbucks for
any reason (including death or disability). Our Compensation Committee, pursuant
to its charter, annually reviews and discusses with the panel of independent
directors of the board the performance of the executive officers and senior
officers of the Company and the succession plans for each such officer’s
position including recommendations and evaluations of potential successors to
fill these positions. The Compensation Committee also conducts an annual review
of, and provides approval for, our management development and succession
planning practices and strategies. ceo Succession
Planning Mr. Schultz provides an annual review
to the board of directors assessing the members of the Senior Leadership Team
and their potential to succeed him. This review, which is developed in
consultation with our senior vice president, Global Partner Resources, and the
chair of our Compensation Committee, includes a discussion about development
plans for the Company’s executive officers and senior officers to help prepare
them for future succession and contingency plans in the event of our ceo’s
termination of employment with Starbucks for any reason (including death or
disability) as well as our ceo’s recommendation as to his successor. The full
board has the primary responsibility to develop succession plans for the ceo
position. NOMINATING AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE The Nominating/Governance Committee
annually reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its charter. As described more
fully in its charter, the Nominating/Governance Committee is responsible for
providing leadership with respect to the corporate governance of Starbucks and
advising and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding
candidates for election as directors of the Company. Among its specific duties,
the Nominating/ Governance Committee: makes recommendations to the board about
  our corporate governance
  processes; assists in identifying and screening board
  candidates; administers the Director Nominations
  Policy; considers shareholder nominations to the
  board; makes recommendations to the board
  regarding membership and chairs of the
  board’s committees; oversees the annual evaluation of the
  effectiveness of the board and each of its
  committees; biennially recommends the board’s
  presiding independent
director; biennially reviews the type and amount of
  board compensation for independent
  directors; annually reviews the Company’s corporate
  political contributions and expenditures
  to confirm alignment with Company policies
  and values; and annually reviews and assesses the
  effectiveness of the Company’s
  environmental and social responsibility policies, goals and programs through the annual Global Responsibility Report, and makes recommendations as deemed appropriate based on such review and assessment. The Nominating/Governance Committee
also annually assists the board of directors with its affirmative independence
and expertise determinations. After consulting with the panel of independent
directors, together with the chair of the Compensation Committee, the chair of
the Nominating/Governance Committee annually reviews the performance of our
chairman, president and chief executive officer and meets with him to share the
findings of the review. OUR DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS
PROCESS Our Policy on Director Nominations is
available at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/
corporate-governance . The purpose of the
nominations policy is to describe the process by which candidates are identified
and assessed for possible inclusion in our recommended slate of director
nominees (the “candidates”). The nominations policy was approved by the full
board of directors and is administered by the Nominating/Governance
Committee. Minimum Criteria for Board
Members Each candidate must possess at least
the following specific minimum qualifications: each candidate shall be prepared to represent
  the best interests of all shareholders and
  not just one particular
  constituency; each candidate shall be an individual who
  has demonstrated integrity and ethics in
  his or her personal and professional life
  and has established a record of professional accomplishment in his or her chosen
field; no candidate, or family member (as defined in
  NASDAQ rules) or affiliate or associate
  (as defined in federal securities laws) of
  a candidate, shall have any material personal, financial or professional interest in any present or potential competitor of
  Starbucks; each candidate shall be prepared to
  participate fully in board activities,
  including active membership on at least
  one board committee and attendance at, and active participation in, meetings of the board and the committee(s) of which he or she is a member, and
  not have other personal or professional
  commitments that Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 17 would, in
the Nominating/Governance Committee’s sole judgment, interfere with or limit his
or her ability to do so; and each candidate shall be willing to make, and
  financially capable of making, the
  required investment in our stock in the
  amount and within the time frame specified in the director stock ownership guidelines described in this proxy statement. Desirable
Qualities and Skills In addition, the
Nominating/Governance Committee also considers it desirable that candidates
possess the following qualities or skills: each candidate should contribute to the board
  of directors’ overall diversity —
  diversity being broadly construed to mean
  a variety of opinions, perspectives, personal and professional experiences and backgrounds, such as gender, race and ethnicity differences, as well
  as other differentiating
  characteristics; each candidate should contribute positively
  to the existing chemistry and
  collaborative culture among board members;
  and each candidate should possess professional
  and personal experiences and expertise
  relevant to our goal of being one of the
  world’s leading consumer brands. At
  this stage of our development, relevant experiences might include, among other things, sitting CEO of
  a large global company, large-company CEO
  experience, international CEO experience,
  senior-level international experience,
  senior-level multi-unit small box retail or restaurant experience and relevant senior-level expertise in one or more of the following areas: finance,
  accounting, sales and marketing,
  organizational development, information
  technology, social media and public relations. The Nominating/Governance Committee
is responsible for reviewing the appropriate skills and characteristics required
of directors in the context of prevailing business conditions and existing
competencies on the board, and for making recommendations regarding the size and
composition of the board, with the objective of having a board that brings to
Starbucks a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality
business and professional experience. The Nominating/Governance Committee’s
review of the skills and experience it seeks in the board as a whole, and in
individual directors, in connection with its review of the board’s composition,
enables it to assess the effectiveness of its goal of achieving a board with a
diversity of experiences. The Nominating/Governance Committee considers these
criteria when evaluating director nominees in accordance with the procedures set
forth below. Internal
Process for Identifying Candidates The Nominating/Governance Committee
has two primary methods for identifying candidates (other than those proposed by
shareholders, as discussed below). First, on a periodic basis, the
Nominating/Governance Committee solicits ideas for possible candidates from a
number of sources: members of the board; senior-level Starbucks executives; individuals personally
known to the members of the board; and research, including database and Internet
searches. Second, the Nominating/Governance
Committee may from time to time use its authority under its charter to retain at
our expense one or more search firms to identify candidates (and to approve such
firms’ fees and other retention terms). If the Nominating/Governance Committee
retains one or more search firms, they may be asked to identify possible
candidates who meet the minimum and desired qualifications expressed in the
nominations policy, to interview and screen such candidates (including
conducting appropriate background and reference checks), to act as a liaison
among the board of directors, the Nominating/Governance Committee and each
candidate during the screening and evaluation process, and thereafter to be
available for consultation as needed by the Nominating/Governance
Committee. The nominations policy divides the
process for candidates proposed by shareholders into the general nomination
right of all shareholders and proposals by “qualified shareholders” (as
described below). General
Nomination Right of All Shareholders Any registered shareholder may
nominate one or more persons for election as a director at an annual meeting of
shareholders if the shareholder complies with the advance notice, information
and consent provisions contained in our bylaws. See “Proposals of Shareholders”
below for more information. The procedures described in the next
paragraph are meant to establish an additional means by which certain
shareholders can contribute to our process for identifying and evaluating
candidates and is not meant to replace or limit shareholders’ general nomination
rights in any way. Director
Recommendations by Qualified Shareholders In addition to those candidates
identified through its own internal processes, in accordance with the
nominations policy, the Nominating/Governance Committee will evaluate a
candidate proposed by any single shareholder or group of shareholders that has
beneficially owned more than 5% of our common stock for at least one year (and
will hold the required number of shares through the annual meeting of
shareholders) and that satisfies the notice, information and consent provisions
in the nominations policy (a “qualified shareholder”). Any candidate proposed by
a qualified shareholder must be independent of the qualified shareholder in all
respects as determined by the Nominating/Governance Committee or by applicable
law. Any candidate submitted by a qualified shareholder must also meet the
definition of an “independent director” under NASDAQ rules. In order to be considered by the
Nominating/Governance Committee for an upcoming annual meeting of shareholders,
notice from a qualified shareholder regarding 18 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE a potential candidate must be
received by the Nominating/ Governance Committee not less than 120 calendar days
before the anniversary of the date of our proxy statement released to
shareholders in connection with the previous year’s annual meeting. Evaluation of
Candidates The Nominating/Governance Committee
will consider and evaluate all candidates identified through the processes
described above, including incumbents and candidates proposed by qualified
shareholders, based on the same criteria. Future
Revisions to the Nominations Policy The nominations policy is intended to
provide a flexible set of guidelines for the effective functioning of our
director nominations process. The Nominating/Governance Committee intends to
review the nominations policy at least annually and anticipates that
modifications will be necessary from time to time as our needs and circumstances
evolve, and as applicable legal or listing standards change. The
Nominating/Governance Committee may amend the nominations policy at any time, in
which case the most current version will be available on our
website. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATERIALS
AVAILABLE ON THE STARBUCKS WEBSITE Our Corporate Governance Principles
and Practices are intended to provide a set of flexible guidelines for the
effective functioning of the board of directors and are reviewed regularly and
revised as necessary or appropriate in response to changing regulatory
requirements, evolving best practices and other considerations. They are posted
on the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/
corporate-governance . In addition to our Corporate
Governance Principles and Practices, other information relating to corporate
governance at Starbucks is available on the Corporate Governance section of our
website, including: Restated Articles of
  Incorporation Amended and Restated Bylaws Audit and Compliance Committee
  Charter Compensation and Management
  Development Committee
  Charter Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter Policy on Director
  Nominations Standards of Business Conduct (applicable to
  directors, officers and
  partners) Code of Ethics for CEO and Finance
  Leaders Procedure for Communicating Complaints and
  Concerns Audit and Compliance Committee Policy for
  Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor
  Services You may obtain copies of these
materials, free of charge, by sending a written request to: executive vice
president, general counsel and secretary, Starbucks Corporation, 2401 Utah
Avenue South, Mail Stop S-LA1, Seattle, Washington 98134. Please specify which
documents you would like to receive. CONTACTING THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS The Procedure for Communicating
Complaints and Concerns describes the manner in which interested persons can
send communications to our board of directors, the committees of the board and
to individual directors and describes our process for determining which
communications will be relayed to board members. Interested persons may
telephone their complaints and concerns by calling the Starbucks Audit line at
1-800-300-3205 or sending written communications to the board, committees of the board and
individual directors by mailing those communications to our third-party service
provider for receiving these communications at: Starbucks Corporation P.O. Box
34507 Seattle, Washington 98124 Shareholders may address their communication to
an individual director, to the Board of Directors, or to one of our board
committees. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 19 COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS FISCAL 2013 COMPENSATION PROGRAM
FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS For fiscal 2013, the annual
compensation program for non-employee directors provided for a total of $240,000
per year comprised of one or more of the following (as selected by the director
each year): (i) cash (up to 50%); (ii) stock options; and (iii) time-based
restricted stock units (“RSUs”). The program remained unchanged from fiscal 2012
in both amount and design. New non-employee directors are entitled to payment of
a pro-rated portion of the annual non-employee director compensation based on
the number of days remaining in the fiscal year from the date the director joins
the board. Such compensation may be in the form of stock options, time-based
restricted stock units or a combination thereof (as selected by the director).
Our non-employee directors are expected to satisfy stock ownership guidelines of
$480,000, as discussed below under the caption “Director Stock Ownership Guidelines.” Stock options have an exercise price
equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date. Annual
stock option and RSU grants vest one year after the date of grant. Stock options
and RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally cease vesting as of the
date he or she no longer serves on the board of directors. However, unvested
stock options (but not unvested RSUs) will vest in full upon a non-employee
director’s death or retirement (leaving the board after attaining age 55 and at
least six years of board service) or upon a change in control of Starbucks. Six
of the board’s eleven current non-employee directors meet the retirement
criteria. Mr. Schultz does not participate in
the compensation program for non-employee directors, but rather is compensated
as an executive officer, as described in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this proxy statement. FISCAL 2013 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION The following table shows fiscal 2013
compensation for non-employee directors. Fees Earned or Stock Option Paid in Cash Awards Awards Total Name ($) ($) (1)(2) ($) (3)(4) ($) William W. Bradley 120,000 59,986 58,349 238,335 Robert M.
      Gates — 239,996 — 239,996 Mellody Hobson — 239,996 — 239,996 Kevin R.
      Johnson 48,000 191,996 — 239,996 Olden Lee — 239,996 — 239,996 Joshua Cooper
      Ramo — 239,996 — 239,996 James G. Shennan, Jr. — 239,996 — 239,996 Clara
    Shih — 239,996 — 239,996 Javier G. Teruel — 239,996 — 239,996 Myron E. Ullman,
      III — — 233,446 233,446 Craig E. Weatherup — — 233,446 233,446 (1) The amounts shown
      in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair values of the
      restricted stock units (“RSU”) awarded to each of the non-employee
      directors on November 19, 2012. (2) As of September
      29, 2013 the aggregate number of shares of Starbucks common stock
      underlying outstanding RSU awards for each non-employee director were:
      Sen. Bradley — 1,206, Sec. Gates — 6,574, Ms. Hobson — 4,825, Mr. Johnson
      — 3,860, Mr. Lee — 4,825, Mr. Ramo — 4,825, Mr. Shennan — 10,324, Ms. Shih
      — 8,175, Mr. Teruel — 10,324, Mr. Ullman — 0, and Mr. Weatherup —
    0. (3) The amounts shown
      in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair values of the stock
      options awarded to each of the non-employee directors on November 19,
      2012. The grant date fair values have been determined based on the
      assumptions and methodologies set forth in the Company’s 2013 Form 10-K
      (Note 12: Employee Stock and Benefit Plans). (4) As of September
      29, 2013, the aggregate number of shares of Starbucks common stock
      underlying outstanding option awards for each non-employee director were:
      Sen. Bradley — 118,419; Sec. Gates — 0; Ms. Hobson — 153,825; Mr. Johnson — 26,655; Mr.
      Lee — 202,748; Mr. Ramo — 30,000; Mr. Shennan — 113,072; Ms. Shih — 3,348;
      Mr. Teruel — 264,175; Mr. Ullman — 257,109; and Mr. Weatherup —
      257,109. 20 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS Deferred
Compensation Plans In fiscal 2012, the board adopted a
Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors under which non-employee
directors may, for any fiscal year, irrevocably elect to defer receipt of shares
of common stock the director would have received upon vesting of restricted
stock units. The purpose of the plan is to enhance the Company’s ability to
attract and retain non-employee directors with training, experience and ability
who will promote the interests of the Company and to directly align the
interests of such non-employee directors with the interests of the Company’s
shareholders. Prior to 2006, non-employee directors could defer all or a portion
of their compensation in the form of unfunded deferred stock units under the
Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Director Stock
Ownership Guidelines The board of directors adopted stock
ownership guidelines for non-employee directors in fiscal 2003 requiring a
$200,000 level of ownership within four years. In June 2012, the board increased
the guidelines to $480,000 to further align the interests of our non-employee
directors to those of our shareholders. Directors initially appointed or elected
to the board prior to January 1, 2011 are expected to meet the new guidelines by
December 1, 2014. Directors initially appointed or elected after January 1, 2011
and prior to June 5, 2012 have five years from their appointment or election to
meet the new guidelines. Directors appointed or elected after June 5, 2012 have
four years from their date of appointment or election to meet the new
guidelines. Stock options do not count toward meeting the guidelines. Each
director is expected to continue to meet the ownership requirement for as long
as he or she serves on our board. All non-employee directors have met these
guidelines as of the date of this proxy statement. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 21 PROPOSAL 2 —
ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We are asking shareholders to approve
an advisory resolution (commonly referred to as a “say-on-pay” resolution) on
the Company’s executive compensation as reported in this proxy
statement. We urge shareholders to read the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this proxy statement, which
describes how our executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are
designed to achieve our compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables and narrative, which
provide detailed information on the compensation of our named executive
officers. The Compensation Committee and the board of directors believe that the
policies and procedures articulated in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” are effective in achieving our goals and that the compensation of our
named executive officers reported in this proxy statement has contributed to the
Company’s recent and long-term success. The board has adopted a policy
providing for an annual “say-on-pay” advisory vote. In accordance with this
policy and Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as a matter
of good corporate governance, we are asking shareholders to approve the
following advisory resolution at the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders: RESOLVED,
that the shareholders of Starbucks Corporation (the “Company”) approve, on an
advisory basis, the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers
disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation
Table and the related compensation tables, notes and narrative in the Proxy
Statement for the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. This advisory “say-on-pay” resolution
is non-binding on the board of directors. Although non-binding, the board and
the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when
making future decisions regarding our executive compensation program. Unless the
board modifies its policy on the frequency of future “say-on-pay” advisory
votes, the next “say-on-pay” advisory vote will be held at the 2015 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE ADVISORY RESOLUTION ON
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 22 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and
Analysis provides information on our executive compensation program and the
amounts shown in the executive compensation tables that follow. In this proxy
statement, the term “Named Executive Officers” or “NEOs” means our ceo and cfo,
three of our business unit presidents and a former business unit president.
These six executive officers are named in the compensation tables of this
proxy statement. “Compensation Committee” or “Committee” means the Compensation
and Management Development Committee of the board of directors. We refer to all of our employees as
“partners,” due to the significant role they all play in the success of the
Company. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Starbucks delivered its best
performance in history and increased net revenue by 12% and operating
income (1) by 23%
year over year; 3-year cumulative total shareholder return (“TSR”) was
212%. Starbucks delivered its strongest
financial performance in its 42-year history in fiscal 2013, on a non-GAAP
basis. Total net revenue increased 12% to a record $14.9 billion. Global
comparable store sales grew 7%, driven by a 5% increase in traffic. The
continued strength of our U.S. retail business and continued global sales growth
both contributed to these outstanding results. In addition, we returned $1.2
billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividend payments and share
repurchases in fiscal 2013. 12% Revenues 23% Operating
      Income 1 212% 3-yr Cumulative
      TSR (1) Non-GAAP Operating
      Income for fiscal 2013 was $2,458.7 million and excludes the impact of a
      significant litigation charge in the amount of $2,784.1 million. Including
      the impact of the litigation charge, operating loss as reported under GAAP
      for fiscal 2013 was ($325.4 million). The Company did not report non-GAAP
      operating income for fiscal 2012 and the increase shown above is from
      fiscal 2012 operating income as reported under
  GAAP. Financial
Results Under Incentive Plans The charts below compare certain
fiscal 2013 financial results that were used in determining fiscal
2013 payouts under our Executive Management Bonus Plan (“EMBP”) to fiscal 2012
and fiscal 2011 results. 1 Note that these financial measures differ
from the comparable GAAP measures reported in our financial statements, as the
measures below are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain non-recurring items
in accordance with the terms of our EMBP. Because the performance period under our
performance RSUs was lengthened from one year to two years in fiscal 2013,
fiscal 2013 results did not impact the number of RSUs earned under any of our
previously-awarded performance RSU grants. With respect to the performance RSUs
granted in fiscal 2013, the number of RSUs earned will be determined based on
fiscal 2014 adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) and ROIC
goals. Dollar amounts below are in
millions. Additional detail on the adjustments made to these results are
described above in the Proxy Statement Summary under “Financial Results Under Incentive Plans” on page 4. Consolidated
      Adjusted Operating Income Consolidated
      Adjusted Net Revenue Return on Invested
      Capital (ROIC) (1) Our fiscal year ends
      on the Sunday closest to September 30. Fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011
      each included 52 weeks. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 23 Pay for
Performance Our executive compensation
program reflects a strong pay for performance alignment tied to Company and
business unit performance. In line with our emphasis on
pay-for-performance and our performance relative to our peers, compensation
awarded to our NEOs for fiscal 2013 reflected Starbucks strong financial
results. Annual Incentive
  Plan: Our ceo and
  cfo earned EMBP awards at 100% of target, reflecting our strong performance
  against challenging overall Company goals. Our other three continuing NEOs are
  business unit presidents and earned from 22% to 182% of target, primarily
  reflecting the performance of their businesses. In addition, we made
  discretionary bonus payments to two business unit presidents in recognition of
  their strong leadership in fiscal 2013 and performance in taking on expanded
  roles during the year. Long-Term Incentive
  Awards: Our Long-Term Incentive Awards
  are granted in the form of Performance RSUs (under which the number of shares
  earned is dependent on future EPS and ROIC goals) and Stock Options (under
  which the realizable value is dependent on future share price appreciation). The economic values of the
  Long-Term Incentive Awards granted to our NEOs after the end of fiscal 2013
  recognized the strong performance of our NEOs and the businesses for which our
  NEOs were responsible in fiscal 2013. Shared
Success Our partners share in the
Company’s success. After our record fiscal 2013
performance, our Board of Directors approved the following broad-based
benefits. Broad-Based Equity Program
  (“Bean Stock”): A
  long-term incentive grant of time-based RSUs was made in November 2013 to
  approximately 125,000 eligible non-executive partners in 21 markets around the
  world, including qualified part-time partners. Bean Stock participants include
  those partners that work in our stores and serve our customers directly. We
  refer to this broad-based equity program as our “Bean Stock”
  program. In fiscal 2013, Bean Stock
  participants realized approximately $234 million in pre-tax gains from
  previously-granted Bean Stock awards. Future Roast 401(k) 2014
  Enhanced Starbucks Match: An enhanced match under the Starbucks Future Roast 401(k) plan
  for the 2014 plan year was approved at 100% of the first 6% of eligible
  compensation deferred. Shareholder
Engagement We actively engage with, and
listen to, our shareholders. For several years we have maintained
a year-round shareholder engagement program in which we proactively reach out to
our top shareholders throughout the year. Our engagement team consists of
partners from our Total Pay, Legal and Investor Relations groups. In fiscal
2013, we reached out to our top shareholders and seven of these shareholders
(representing approximately 21% of our outstanding shares measured as of
December 31, 2012) elected to have at least one telephonic or in-person meeting
with us. Through our outreach program, we
listen to shareholder feedback regarding our executive compensation program,
disclosure practices and corporate governance. We share the feedback received during our
engagement process with the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors.
The Committee and Board value our shareholders’ insights and considers their
feedback, in addition to other factors, when formulating our executive
compensation program design and making pay decisions. In recent years, shareholder feedback
has influenced certain of our compensation design changes, including the
addition of adjusted net revenue and ROIC as performance measures under our
EMBP, the removal of EPS as a performance measure under our EMBP, and the
lengthening of the performance period under our performance RSU design from one
year to two years. Performance versus
Peer Companies We outperformed our entire peer
group in the 3-Year performance period on revenue growth, earnings per share*
growth, net income* growth and cumulative TSR and ranked towards the top of our
peer group in the 1-year performance period in each of these
metrics. * Starbucks earnings per share and
net income used for purposes of this comparison exclude the impact of a
significant litigation charge in fiscal 2013. In 2013, we ranked first among our
peer companies in the three-year performance period in each of revenue growth,
earnings per share growth, net income growth and total shareholder return. In
addition, we ranked in the top three in all but one category in the one-year
performance period. Our one-year total shareholder return
through the end of fiscal 2013 was 55% (2 nd in our peer group) and
our three-year cumulative total shareholder return through the end of fiscal
2013 was 212% (1 st in our peer group). 24 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The 2013 data below shows where we
ranked among our 12 current peers (listed in “Peer Group Companies and Benchmarking” below) as of the end of fiscal 2013. The 2012 data below shows
where we ranked among the 16 former peer group companies as of the end of fiscal
2012. Our current compensation peer group differs from our prior group in that it includes
Mondelēz International and does not include Bed Bath & Beyond, Darden
Restaurants, The Hershey Company, Limited Brands and Staples. See “Compensation Peer Group Companies and Benchmarking” for further discussion on how we use peer
company data in our compensation-setting process. Ranking 2013 2012 One-Year Performance (rank out of 13) (rank out of 17) Revenue growth 2 nd 2 nd Earnings Per
      Share growth 4 th 4 th Net Income growth 3 rd 3 rd Total Shareholder Return 2 nd 3 rd 2013 2012 Three-Year Performance (rank out of 13) (rank out of 17) Revenue growth 1 st 4 th Earnings Per
      Share growth 1 st 2 nd Net Income growth 1 st 2 nd Total Shareholder Return
      (Cumulative) 1 st 2 nd Our Total Pay
Philosophy Our Total Pay philosophy is designed
to recognize and reward the contributions of all partners, including executives.
We offer a comprehensive benefits package to all eligible full- and part-time
partners in the United States and locally competitive benefit packages in other
countries. In addition to the Bean Stock plan discussed above, we offer a stock
purchase plan to partners in the United States and Canada. We believe our Total
Pay practices motivate our executives to build long-term shareholder value and
reward the partners who take care of our customers. In keeping with this philosophy, our
executive compensation program is designed to: Enable the attraction and retention
  of top talent by competing effectively for the highest quality people who will
  determine our long-term success; Pay for performance through aligning
  compensation with the achievement of both short-term and long-term financial
  objectives that build shareholder value; and Be true to our values by supporting
  our mission statement and guiding principles. ELEMENTS OF OUR
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM The following table provides
information regarding the elements of our fiscal 2013 executive compensation
program. Element Form Objectives and Basis Base Salary Cash Attract and retain high quality
        executives to drive our success Competitive for each role,
        responsibilities and experience Targeted within the median
        range Annual Incentive Bonus Cash Drive Company and business unit
        results Target bonus amount is set as a
        percentage of base salary Actual payout determined by Company and business unit
        financial performance Target total cash (base salary + target
        bonus) designed to deliver cash compensation within the median range of
        peers based on performance at target Long-Term Incentive Compensation Performance RSUs,
      stock options Drive Company performance; align
        interests of executives with those of shareholders; retain executives
        through long-term vesting; and provide potential wealth
        accumulation Target long-term incentive award size
        designed to deliver target total direct compensation (base salary +
        target bonus + target long-term incentive) within a reasonable range of
        the market median Actual awards of annual stock options
        and performance RSUs based on individual and Company performance for the
        previous year Special Equity Awards Time-based restricted stock units
      (“time-based RSUs”) Reward extraordinary
        performance Retain executives through long-term
        vesting and potential wealth accumulation Attract top executive talent, includes
        new hire and promotion-related equity awards and special retention
        awards Perquisites and Other Executive Benefits Various (see discussion
    below) Provide for the safety and wellness of
        our executives, and other purposes as discussed
      below Deferred Compensation 401(k) plan,
      non-qualified MDCP Provide tax-deferred methods for
        general savings including for retirement General
      Partner Benefits Health
      and welfare plans, stock purchase plan and other broad-based
      partner benefits Offer competitive benefits package that
        generally includes benefits offered to all
    partners Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 25 OUR EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION PROCESS Target total direct compensation for
our NEOs is comprised of base salary, target bonus, and target value of
long-term equity incentives. Target total direct compensation for on-target
performance is designed to deliver awards within the median range of our peer
group, as explained below under “Peer Group Companies and Benchmarking.” The Compensation Committee reviews
target total direct compensation and approves target bonuses (as a percentage of base salary) annually
at its September meeting. Actual base salaries, bonus payments and long-term
equity incentives are approved after the end of each fiscal year at the November
meeting. This process allows the Compensation Committee to consider
comprehensive information, including the performance of each NEO during the
prior fiscal year, when making compensation decisions. ANALYSIS OF
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION DECISIONS The vast majority of
compensation value we deliver to our executives is in the form of compensation
that is variable and “at-risk.” A core principle of our executive
compensation program is that a significant percentage of compensation awarded to
our NEOs, especially our ceo, should be variable, performance-based compensation
and “at-risk.” This type of compensation is dependent on the financial success
of our Company and our business units, and the performance of Starbucks common
stock. This means that our executives are rewarded when they produce value for
our shareholders and our partners. Elements of our program that fall within this
category include our annual incentive bonus program (Executive Management Bonus Plan, or
“EMBP”) and the stock options and performance RSUs that are granted under our
Long-Term Incentive Program. The charts below show the significant
percentage of performance-based compensation reported for fiscal 2013 in the Summary Compensation Table for Mr. Schultz, our ceo, and for our other NEOs as a
group (other than Ms. Gass, who terminated employment during the fiscal
year). Fiscal Year 2013
Actual Total Compensation Mix 26 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation for
Fiscal 2013 Performance Table The table below provides an overview
comparing each element of fiscal 2013 target, versus actual, total direct
compensation for each of the NEOs currently serving the Company. The long-term incentive compensation
awards shown below are those granted in fiscal 2014 in recognition of the performance of our NEOs in fiscal
2013. We believe this provides a better view of compensation decisions driven by
fiscal 2013 performance than the Summary Compensation Table which, in accordance
with SEC rules, shows annual long-term incentive compensation awards granted in
fiscal 2013 for fiscal 2012 performance. Total
      Direct Bonus Long-Term Incentive (5) Compensation Named Executive
      Officer (1) %
      of Target (6) Base
      Pay (2) Target (3) Actual (4) Target Actual Target Actual Howard Schultz $ 1,500,000 150% $ 2,250,000 $ 2,250,000 $ 9,665,000 $ 13,000,000 $ 13,415,000 $ 16,750,000 125% Troy
      Alstead $ 750,000 85% $ 637,500 $ 637,500 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,500,000 $ 3,387,500 $ 4,887,500 144% John Culver $ 586,400 75% $ 439,800 $ 439,800 $ 1,400,000 $ 2,450,000 $ 2,426,200 $ 3,476,200 143% Clifford
      Burrows $ 737,300 85% $ 626,705 $ 1,140,603 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,500,000 $ 3,364,005 $ 5,377,903 160% Jeff Hansberry $ 545,000 75% $ 387,975 $ 193,988 $ 1,100,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 2,032,975 $ 1,838,988 90% (1) Michelle Gass left the
      Company in May 2013 and is not included in this table. As a result of her
      termination of employment, she did not receive an EMBP payout and did not
      receive a long-term incentive award based on fiscal 2013
      performance. (2) The base salaries shown
      above reflect year-end annualized salary numbers. In connection with his
      promotion and relocation to Hong Kong, Mr. Hansberry received a base
      salary increase in July 2013 from $517,300 to $545,000. (3) The target bonus amounts in
      the “Target” bonus column were calculated using base salaries at the
      beginning of the fiscal year, which remained unchanged throughout the year
      for all NEOs except for Mr. Hansberry, as noted above. (4) The “Actual” bonus column
      represents bonus payouts under the EMBP, which are disclosed in the
      “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table. The “Actual” bonus column above also includes separate
      discretionary bonuses of $179,438 paid to Mr. Culver and $108,633 paid to
      Mr. Hansberry, as more fully discussed below under “Annual Incentive Bonus.” (5) The “Actual Long-Term
      Incentive” column represents the economic value of annual long-term
      incentive awards granted in November 2013 based on fiscal 2013
      performance. The “Target Long-Term Incentive” column represents the target
      value of Long-Term Incentive Awards that were established for purposes of
      setting Target Total Direct Compensation. (6) The actual total direct
      compensation our NEOs received varied from their target total direct
      compensation based on the performance of the business units for which they
      were responsible in fiscal 2013, the performance of the Company as a whole
      and the overall contributions and leadership of our
  NEOs. Target Versus Actual
Total Direct Compensation Overall target total direct
compensation (base salary, target bonus, and target value of long-term equity
incentives) of our NEOs is at the 50 th percentile of the market and
aligns with Starbucks Total Pay philosophy. Actual total direct compensation of
our NEOs delivered for fiscal 2013 performance is positioned between the
50 th and 75 th percentiles of the market, reflecting
Starbucks record performance in fiscal 2013. Mr. Schultz’s target total direct
compensation is at the 50 th percentile of the market. Mr. Schultz’s
actual total direct compensation delivered for fiscal 2013 is at the
60 th percentile of the market, reflecting Mr. Schultz’s leadership in
delivering record results and our strong performance relative to that of our
peers. Base
Salary The Compensation Committee generally
reviews and adjusts base salaries annually at its November meeting, with new
salaries effective in late November or early December. In November 2012, the
Committee approved (and with respect to Mr. Schultz, the Committee recommended and the independent
directors approved), the following base salary increases, which became effective
in December 2012 (except for Mr. Hansberry, whose salary was also increased in
July 2013 to $545,000 in connection with his promotion to president, China &
Asia Pacific): Base Salary (1) Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2012 Named Executive Officer ($) ($) %
      Change Howard Schultz 1,500,000 1,500,000 0% Troy
      Alstead 750,000 703,500 6.6% John Culver 586,400 563,800 4.0% Clifford
      Burrows 737,300 719,300 2.5% Jeff Hansberry 545,000 504,700 8.0% (1) The base salaries shown
      above reflect year-end annualized salary numbers. Michelle Gass left the
      Company in May 2013 and is not reflected in this table. Her salary on an
      annualized basis at the time of her departure was $530,000, a 5% increase
      over her fiscal 2012 salary of $504,700. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 27 Mr. Schultz’s fiscal 2013 base salary
and his target bonus percentage positioned his fiscal 2013 target total cash at
the market median. His base salary was not increased for fiscal 2013. Fiscal 2013 base salary increases
were approved for all other NEOs in recognition of their individual performance
in fiscal 2012. These increases and our other NEOs’ target bonus percentages
positioned their fiscal 2013 target total cash within the range of market
median. Annual Incentive
Bonus For fiscal 2013, each NEO
participated in the Executive Management Bonus Plan (“EMBP”). Fiscal 2013 target
annual incentive bonuses as a percentage of base salary were not increased for
any of our NEOs. Ms. Gass had an opportunity to earn a payout under the EMBP but
did not receive a payout because she terminated employment during the fiscal
year. The total EMBP award actually
delivered to each executive for fiscal 2013 was determined based on the extent
to which the objective performance goals under the EMBP were achieved based on
fiscal 2013 performance. The possible payouts for each NEO based on achievement
of threshold, target and maximum performance levels are disclosed in the Fiscal
2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table. In addition to their EMBP payments, the
Company paid discretionary bonuses of $179,438 to Mr. Culver and $108,633 to Mr.
Hansberry, in recognition of their fiscal 2013 individual performance. These
payments are reflected in the “Bonus” column of the Summary Compensation Table .
Mr. Culver’s and Mr. Hansberry’s discretionary payments were made in recognition
of their strong leadership in fiscal 2013 and performance in taking on expanded
roles and responsibilities during the year, which led to positive results in
underlying metrics of the business units for which they were responsible during
the year. Objective
Performance Goals For fiscal 2013, annual incentive
bonuses were based on the achievement of the objective performance goals of
adjusted operating income, adjusted net revenue and ROIC. We chose these
measures because we believe they motivate our executives to further drive
Company and business unit growth and profitability. Starting in fiscal 2013, we
replaced adjusted EPS with adjusted net revenue under the EMBP in order to
increase our executives’ focus on this important growth metric, recognizing that
EPS remains a performance measure under our performance RSU design. To reward
performance above plan, adjusted operating income and adjusted net revenue have
sliding scales that provided for annual incentive bonus payouts greater than the
target bonus if results are greater than target (up to a maximum 200% payout) or
less than the target bonus if results are lower than the target (down to a
threshold of 20% of target payout, below which the payout would be $0). In
setting the objective performance scales, we considered target Company
performance under the challenging board-approved annual operating and long-term
strategic plans, the potential payouts based on achievement at different levels
on the sliding scale and whether the portion of incremental earnings paid as
bonuses rather than returned to shareholders was appropriate. The Compensation
Committee and the independent directors have the discretion to reduce the awards
paid under the EMBP, but do not have discretion to increase payouts that
are based on achievement of the objective performance goals or make a payout
under the EMBP based on the objective performance goals if the threshold targets
are not achieved. The targets were designed to be challenging while recognizing
ongoing economic uncertainties, including continued consumer spending
restraint. Executive Management Bonus Plan Goal
Weighting EMBP goal weighting (as a percentage
of each executive’s target annual incentive bonus amount) among the goals for
each of the NEOs for fiscal 2013 was as follows: Named Executive Officer Adjusted BU/Consolidated Operating
      Income Adjusted Net Revenue Howard Schultz 50% 50% Troy
      Alstead 50% 50% John Culver 50% 50% Clifford
      Burrows 50% 50% Jeff Hansberry 50% 50% ROIC operated as a potential downward
modifier of the adjusted operating income and adjusted net revenue result. The
fiscal 2013 ROIC target was exceeded and therefore ROIC did not operate as a
downward modifier on fiscal 2013 payouts. Adjusted Operating
Income. For Messrs. Schultz and Alstead,
50% of their total EMBP bonus was based on a consolidated adjusted operating
income goal. For NEOs responsible for a single business unit, 20% of their total
EMBP bonus was based on the consolidated adjusted operating income goal and 30%
was based on adjusted operating income goals of the businesses for which they
had responsibility during fiscal 2013; in the case of Mr. Culver, China & Asia Pacific;
for Mr. Burrows, Americas; and for Mr. Hansberry, Channel Development and
Emerging Brands. In fiscal 2013, consolidated adjusted operating income equaled
the total of all business units’ operating income less total unallocated
corporate expenses; and business unit operating income equaled the revenues of
the business unit less the business unit’s operating
expense. 28 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The fiscal 2013 performance targets
and results for Adjusted Operating Income are as follows: Adjusted
      Actual Threshold Target Maximum Performance Operating
      Income (1) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) Payout Consolidated
      Adjusted Operating Income $ 2,335.0 $ 2,440.4 $ 2,677.1 $ 2,469.6 110% China & Asia Pacific Adjusted Operating Income
    (Culver) $ 292.8 $ 303.4 $ 348.9 $ 325.7 124% Americas
      Adjusted Operating Income (Burrows) $ 2,125.7 $ 2,201.2 $ 2,368.4 $ 2,368.7 200% Channel Development and Emerging Brands Adjusted Operating Income
    (Hansberry) $ 403.8 $ 418.4 $ 481.2 $ 399.3 0 (1) The performance plan
      measures under the EMBP that were approved at the beginning of the
      performance period provided for certain non-GAAP adjustments so that the
      performance measures would better reflect underlying business operations
      than the comparable GAAP measures. Fiscal 2013 consolidated adjusted
      operating income results were adjusted to exclude the impact of a
      significant litigation charge, the acquisition and results of the Teavana
      business, certain asset dispositions, mark to market adjustments arising
      from our MDCP, foreign currency fluctuations and certain other items;
      Channel Development and Emerging Brands operating income was adjusted to
      exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and business
      restructuring; Americas operating income was adjusted to exclude the
      impact of foreign currency fluctuations, certain asset dispositions and
      certain other items; and China & Asia Pacific operating income was
      adjusted to exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, business
      restructuring and certain other items. We used the same adjusted measures
      for our broader-based management incentive
plan. Adjusted Net
Revenue. For Messrs. Schultz and
Alstead, 50% of their EMBP bonus was based on a consolidated adjusted net
revenue goal. For NEOs responsible for a single business unit, 50% of their EMBP
bonus was based on adjusted net revenue goals of the businesses for which they had responsibility
during fiscal 2013; in the case of Mr. Culver, China & Asia Pacific; for Mr.
Burrows, Americas; and for Mr. Hansberry, Channel Development and Emerging
Brands. The fiscal 2013 performance targets
and results for Adjusted Net Revenue are as follows: Adjusted
      Actual Threshold Target Maximum Performance Adjusted Net Revenue (1) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) (Millions
      US$) Payout Consolidated Adjusted Net
      Revenue (Schultz and Alstead) $ 14,585.5 $ 14,806.5 $ 15,307.1 $ 14,781.6 90% China & Asia
      Pacific Adjusted Net Revenue (Culver) $ 923.7 $ 946.4 $ 1,022.9 $ 913.9 0% Americas Adjusted Net Revenue
      (Burrows) $ 10,630.7 $ 10,755.6 $ 11,030.7 $ 11,033.2 200% Channel
      Development and Emerging Brands Adjusted Net Revenue (Hansberry) $ 1,728.3 $ 1,770.8 $ 1,867.8 $ 1,619.5 0% (1) The performance plan
      measures under the EMBP that were approved at the beginning of the
      performance period provided for certain non-GAAP adjustments so that the
      performance measures would better reflect underlying business operations
      than the comparable GAAP measures. Fiscal 2013 consolidated adjusted net
      revenue results were adjusted to exclude the impact of the acquisition and
      results of the Teavana business, certain asset dispositions, and foreign
      currency fluctuations; Channel Development and Emerging Brands net revenue
      was adjusted to exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations;
      Americas net revenue was adjusted to exclude the effect of foreign
      currency fluctuations and certain asset dispositions; and China & Asia
      Pacific net revenue was adjusted to exclude the effect of foreign currency
      fluctuations. We used the same adjusted measures for our broader-based
      management incentive plan. ROIC (Return on
Invested Capital). For each of our NEOs,
ROIC (measured on a consolidated basis) operated as a potential downward
modifier of their combined adjusted operating income and adjusted net revenue
result. The fiscal 2013 ROIC result was 26.2%,
above the target of 22.9%. Accordingly, ROIC did not operate as a downward
modifier on fiscal 2013 EMBP payouts. The fiscal 2013 performance targets
and results for ROIC are as follows: Return on Invested Capital Threshold Target Actual ROIC (Return on Invested Capital) 22.4% 22.9% 26.2% EMBP
PAYOUTS Payouts under the Executive
Management Bonus Plan are aligned with Starbucks fiscal 2013
performance. After the end of fiscal 2013, the
Compensation Committee determined the extent to which the performance goals were
achieved, and subsequently approved and certified the amount of the EMBP award
to be paid to each NEO other than Mr. Schultz, whose award was recommended by
the Committee and approved by all of our independent directors. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 29 The table below shows the fiscal 2013
actual payout levels for each component of the EMBP, based on achievement of the
performance metrics, and the aggregate fiscal 2013 annual incentive payouts,
which are also disclosed in the “Non-Equity Incentive Compensation Plan” column
of the Summary Compensation Table. The EMBP payouts to Mr. Schultz and
Mr. Alstead, which were based on our very challenging Company revenue and
operating income growth targets reflected the record fiscal 2013 financial
performance achieved by the Company. EMBP payouts to Messrs. Culver, Burrows and
Hansberry reflect Starbucks overall record performance and the relative
performance of our business units against our very challenging operating
plan. Fiscal
      2013 Executive Management Bonus Plan Payout (1) Payout on EMBP Bonus
      Payout Business
    Unit/ Consolidated Payout on Adjusted Consolidated Payout on Operating Adjusted Adjusted Net Income (2) Operating
    Income Revenue (%) of Named Executive Officer (30%
    Weighting) (20%
    Weighting) (50%
    Weighting) Target ($) Howard Schultz 110% 110% 90% 100% $ 2,250,000 Troy
      Alstead 110% 110% 90% 100% $ 637,500 John Culver 124% 110% 0% 59% $ 260,362 Clifford
      Burrows 200% 110% 200% 182% $ 1,140,603 Jeff Hansberry 0% 110% 0% 22% $ 85,355 (1) As discussed above, ROIC has
      the potential to operate as a downward modifier under the EMBP, if the
      target goal is not met. The target ROIC goal was exceeded under the EMBP
      in fiscal 2013. (2) For Messrs. Culver, Burrows
      and Hansberry, based on the Adjusted Operating Income of their respective
      business units. For Messrs. Schultz and Alstead, based on Consolidated
      Adjusted Operating Income. Long-Term Incentive
Compensation Overview of Annual
Long-Term Incentive Awards. We grant our
executives long-term performance-based compensation in the form of stock options
and performance RSUs. The Compensation Committee believes stock options and
performance RSUs incentivize executives to drive long-term company performance,
thereby aligning our executives’ interests with the long-term interests of
shareholders. The Committee determined to grant half (50%) of the total award
values in stock options and half (50%) in performance RSUs. This mix reflects
the Compensation Committee’s consideration of competitive market practices and
the desire to focus the Company’s executives on long-term stock price
appreciation. Stock options provide value only if our stock price increases over
time. Performance RSUs are earned only to the extent pre-established performance
goals are met and, if earned, are subject to additional time-based vesting
requirements. Although the value of performance RSUs is impacted by our
stock price during the vesting period, performance RSUs serve to retain
executives as they have a more stable value than stock options during periods of
stock price volatility. The table below reflects the economic
value of annual long-term incentive awards established for each of the last two
fiscal years. We determined the number of RSUs to be delivered by dividing half
of the economic value below by the closing price of our stock on the grant date.
For options, we divided half of the economic value by a closing price
multiplier. This multiplier was calculated by multiplying the closing price of
our common stock on the grant date by a Black-Scholes factor. Because it is
calculated in advance of the actual grants and may use different assumptions
than are applied to individual awards for accounting purposes, the economic
value of awards may be higher or lower than the grant date fair value of equity
awards as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table. Economic Value of Annual Long-Term Incentive Compensation
      Awards Awarded in Fiscal
      2014 Awarded in Fiscal
      2013 Named Executive Officer (for fiscal 2013
      performance) (for fiscal 2012
      performance) % Change Howard
      Schultz $ 13,000,000 $ 12,000,000 8% Troy Alstead $ 3,500,000 $ 1,750,000 100% John
      Culver $ 2,450,000 $ 1,900,000 (1) 29% Clifford Burrows $ 3,500,000 $ 1,750,000 100% Jeff Hansberry $ 1,100,000 $ 1,540,000 (29)% (1) Does not include a special
retention award of $1 million for Mr. Culver granted in fiscal 2013. Performance RSUs. As part of our annual long-term
incentive program, we seek to deliver half of the economic value of the
long-term incentive award in the form of performance RSUs. The extent to which
performance RSUs vest is based on our achievement of
two-year adjusted earnings per share and ROIC goals. To further incentivize
performance, the adjusted EPS performance measure has a sliding scale so each
NEO may achieve from 0% to 30 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 200% of the target award amount. If
the target ROIC goal under the performance RSUs is not met, the number of
performance RSUs to be delivered based on achievement of the adjusted EPS goal
will be adjusted downward by as much as 50%. To the extent the performance
targets are met, earned RSUs vest 50% on each of the second and third
anniversaries of the grant date. The Compensation Committee believes
that: (1) having a multi-year performance period increases executive focus on
long-term performance and better aligns the interests of our executives with
those of our shareholders; and (2) the inclusion of ROIC as a potential downward
modifier increases executive focus on ROIC, which we believe is an important
measure of the Company’s success. Because we changed the performance
period under this program from one to two years in fiscal 2013, none of our
previously granted performance RSUs were subject to a performance period that
ended during fiscal 2013. For annual performance RSU awards granted in November
2012 (early fiscal 2013), the actual number of performance RSUs earned is based
on achievement of fiscal 2014 goals. Actual fiscal 2014 adjusted EPS and ROIC
will be certified by the Committee after the end of fiscal
2014. Special Equity
Awards. In certain circumstances
we grant discretionary equity awards in order to retain key executives,
recognize expanded roles and responsibilities, or recognize exceptional
performance. We have typically structured these awards as time-based RSU awards
that vest over a four-year period. In November 2012 Mr. Culver received
a special time-based RSU award with an economic value of $1.0 million. The award
is scheduled to vest, subject to continued employment, 50% on the second
anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the fourth anniversary of the grant
date. Mr. Culver’s special RSU award was granted to recognize his exceptional
leadership in driving growth and performance in the China & Asia Pacific
segment, and to promote his retention. In November 2012 Ms. Gass also received a
special time-based RSU award with an economic value of $1.0 million under the
same vesting schedule. She forfeited the award upon her departure from the
Company in May of 2013. The grant date fair values of these awards are reflected
in the Stock Awards column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal
2013. None of our NEOs were granted special
equity awards during the most recent annual grant cycle in November
2013. OTHER
COMPENSATION Sign-on
Bonuses and New Hire Equity Awards. We provide sign-on bonuses and new-hire equity awards when necessary and
appropriate, including to attract top-executive talent from other companies.
Sign-on bonuses and new hire equity awards are an effective means of offsetting
the compensation opportunities executives forfeit when they leave a former
employer to join Starbucks. We typically require newly recruited executives to
return a pro rata portion of their sign-on bonus if they voluntarily leave
Starbucks within a certain period of time (usually one to two years) after
joining us, and new-hire equity awards are subject to a time-based vesting
period. We did not award a sign-on cash bonus or new-hire equity award to any
NEO for fiscal 2013. Perquisites
and Other Executive Benefits. Our
executive compensation program includes limited executive perquisites and other
benefits. The aggregate incremental cost of providing perquisites and other
benefits to the NEOs is detailed in the Fiscal 2013 All Other Compensation
Table. We believe the perquisites and other
executive benefits we provide are representative of those offered by the
companies that we compete with for executive talent, and therefore offering
these benefits serves the objective of attracting and retaining top executive
talent. We provided the following perquisites
to NEOs in fiscal 2013: Security . Pursuant to our executive
  security program, we may from time to time provide personal security services
  to Mr. Schultz and certain other executives. Security services include home
  security systems and monitoring and, in the case of Mr. Schultz, personal
  security services. These protections are provided due to the
range of security issues encountered by
senior executives of large, multinational corporations, and particularly with
respect to high-profile CEOs such as Mr. Schultz. We believe that the personal
safety and security of our senior executives is of the utmost importance to the
Company and its shareholders. For fiscal 2013, the Company paid $200,000 toward
Mr. Schultz’s personal security. Mr. Schultz reimbursed the Company for personal
security costs in excess of $200,000. The Company did not pay personal security
costs for any executive other than Mr. Schultz in fiscal 2013, except in
connection with business-related travel. Executive Physicals, Life and Disability
  Insurance . We offer to pay for annual physical examinations
  for all partners at the senior vice president level and above at minimal cost
  for the Company’s benefit. We also provide life and disability insurance to
  all partners at the vice president level and above at a higher level than is
  provided to partners generally. The amounts paid in respect of these benefits
  to our NEOs in fiscal 2013 is detailed in the Fiscal 2013 All Other
  Compensation Table. Relocation
  and Expatriate Expenses. We provide relocation assistance to some
  manager-level partners and all partners at the director level and above. Under
  limited circumstances, we provide certain reimbursements and benefits to
  partners that expatriate to another country for work on the Company’s behalf.
  In fiscal 2013, we provided such assistance to Mr. Hansberry in connection
  with his assignment in Hong Kong and to Ms. Gass in connection with her
  assignment in London, England. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 31 Deferred
Compensation Executives as well
as partners at the director level and above, are eligible to defer cash
compensation under the Management Deferred Compensation Plan (“MDCP”), and
certain executives previously were eligible to defer gains from equity awards
under the 1997 Deferred Stock Plan. The MDCP is primarily intended to provide
eligible partners an additional before-tax means of saving over and above that
available under the 401(k) plan. We do not pay or guarantee above-market
returns. The appreciation, if any, in the account balances of plan participants
is due solely to contributions by participants and the underlying performance of
the measurement funds selected by the participants. The measurement fund
alternatives available to MDCP participants are identical to the investment
funds available to 401(k) plan participants. Effective January 1, 2011, we
ceased making Company matching contributions under the MDCP. General
Partner Benefits. Executives are
eligible to participate in all benefit plans we offer to partners generally.
This helps us attract and retain top executive talent. We offer a comprehensive benefits
  package, including health care insurance, to all eligible partners in the
  United States and locally competitive benefits packages in other countries. Among the plans we offer to U.S. and
  Canadian partners generally, including executive officers, is our U.S.
  tax-qualified employee stock purchase plan. Under the plan, eligible partners
  may acquire our stock through payroll deductions at a 5% discount to the
  market price on the last trading day of the purchase period. No plan
  participant is allowed to purchase more than $25,000 in market value of our
  stock under the plan in any calendar year. PEER GROUP
COMPANIES AND BENCHMARKING The Compensation Committee refers to
executive compensation surveys prepared by Towers Watson when it reviews and
approves executive compensation. The surveys reflect compensation levels and
practices for executives holding comparable positions at peer group companies,
which help the Compensation Committee set compensation at competitive levels.
The Compensation Committee, with assistance from F.W. Cook, annually reviews
specific criteria and recommendations regarding companies to add or remove from
the peer group. The Committee’s primary selection criteria are industry
(specialty retail, consumer products and restaurants), size (revenue and market
capitalization), and geography or scope (global reach); secondary selection
criteria are brand recognition, performance (revenue
growth, earnings per share growth and total shareholder return growth), as well
as other considerations, including companies with which we compete for executive
talent or customers, and companies known for innovation. As a result of the Committee’s review
in June 2013, five companies were removed from the peer group, and one company
was added. The Compensation Committee believes such adjustments are occasionally
warranted so that our peer group companies remain aligned with the Company’s
strategic plan. For a comparison of our recent performance to that of our peer
group companies, please refer to the tables in the “Performance Versus Peer Companies” section of the Executive Summary above. Starbucks Fiscal 2013 Executive Compensation
      Peer Group Companies Specialty Retail Consumer Products Restaurants Bed Bath & Beyond Avon Products Darden Restaurants Coach Colgate-Palmolive McDonald’s Gap General Mills YUM! Brands L Brands, Inc. (Limited
      Brands) The Hershey
      Company Polo Ralph Lauren Kellogg Staples Mondelēz International
      (New) Nike PepsiCo The former peer group was used by the
Compensation Committee and independent directors in connection with its fiscal
2013 target total direct compensation decisions, and fiscal 2012
performance-driven compensation decisions made in November 2012. The new peer
group was used by the Compensation Committee and independent directors in
connection with its fiscal 2013 performance-driven decisions made in November
2013. The Compensation Committee compares
each executive officer’s base salary, target total cash and target long-term
incentive compensation value to amounts paid for similar positions at peer group
companies. The Compensation Committee generally sets target total
direct compensation for executives within a reasonable range of the median
(50 th percentile) of peer group companies. The Compensation Committee believes
that the market median is a useful reference point in helping to achieve the
executive compensation program’s objectives described above. However, the
Committee also considers other factors when setting compensation and target
total direct compensation for each executive may vary from the market median
based on the factors the Compensation Committee considers relevant each year,
including particular job responsibilities and scope, adjustments for individual
skills and expertise and internal pay equity. Fiscal 2013 target total direct
compensation for the NEOs (including Mr. Schultz) was positioned within the
median range. 32 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OTHER POLICIES
AND CONSIDERATIONS 2013
“Say-on-Pay” Advisory Vote to Approve Executive
Compensation Starbucks provided shareholders an
advisory vote to approve its executive compensation in 2013 under Section 14A of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. At our 2013 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, a majority of shareholders approved our advisory vote on executive
compensation, with 73% of the votes cast in favor of the proposal. As discussed above, our executive
compensation program was one of the topics discussed as part of our investor
engagement process. During this process, we received overall positive feedback
regarding the core structure and elements of our executive compensation program.
These investors also were enthusiastic about the performance of the
Company. The Compensation Committee evaluated
these results, considered investor feedback and also considered many other
factors in evaluating Starbucks executive compensation programs as discussed in
this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, including the Committee’s assessment
of the interaction of our compensation programs with our business objectives,
input from F.W. Cook, and review of peer data, each of which is evaluated in the
context of the Committee’s fiduciary duty to act as the directors determine to
be in shareholders’ best interests. While each of these factors bore on the
Compensation Committee’s decisions regarding our NEOs’ compensation, the
Committee did not make any changes to our executive compensation program and
policies as a result of the 2013 advisory vote on executive
compensation. Risk
Considerations We believe that the design and
objectives of our executive compensation program provide an appropriate balance
of incentives for executives and avoid inappropriate risks. In this regard, our
executive compensation program includes, among other things, the following
design features: Balanced mix of fixed versus
  variable compensation and cash-based versus equity-based
  compensation; Variable compensation based on a
  variety of performance goals, including Company, business unit and, where
  appropriate, individual performance goals; Compensation Committee discretion to
  lower annual incentive award amounts; Balanced mix of short-term and
  long-term incentives; Additional time-based vesting
  requirements for earned performance RSUs; Stock ownership and holding
  requirements; Prohibition on hedging and pledging
  Company stock that applies to all partners; and Clawback policy (our Recovery of
  Incentive Compensation Policy, described below in this
section). Management performed an annual
assessment of our compensation objectives, philosophy, and forms of compensation
and benefits for all partners, including executives, to determine whether the
risks arising from such policies or practices are reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company. Based upon this review, management
concluded that our compensation practices and policies do not create risks that
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company, and F.W.
Cook supported this conclusion. A report summarizing the results of this
assessment was reviewed and discussed with the Compensation Committee at its
September 2013 meeting. Review of
Tally Sheet Information The Compensation Committee generally
considers the following information for each executive when setting
compensation: (i) the targeted value of base pay, annual incentive bonus target,
equity grants and other benefits; and (ii) the accumulated value of
“in-the-money” outstanding equity grants broken out by (a) exercisable value for
options and (b) unvested value for options and RSUs. This information helps the
Compensation Committee to understand the total compensation being delivered to
executives and the long-term retentive elements in place for executives. This
information is considered by the Compensation Committee, along with market data,
performance and the other factors discussed above in setting executive
compensation. Internal Pay
Equity The Compensation Committee considers
internal pay equity, among other factors, when making compensation decisions.
However, the Compensation Committee does not use a fixed ratio or formula when
comparing compensation among executive officers. Our ceo is compensated at a
significantly higher level than other executive officers due to his higher level
of responsibility, authority, accountability and experience. For fiscal 2013,
Mr. Schultz’s base salary was set at $1.5 million. Mr. Schultz receives more of
his pay in the form of long-term incentive compensation, rather than annual cash
compensation, as compared to the compensation of the other NEOs. Given Mr.
Schultz’s responsibility for overall Company performance, the independent
directors believe that compensating the ceo at a higher level than the other
executives and weighting the ceo’s total compensation more heavily toward
long-term incentive compensation is consistent with market practices and
appropriately reflects the contributions of our ceo. We believe the fiscal 2013 target
total direct compensation for the NEOs other than Mr. Schultz in relation to the
compensation targeted for Mr. Schultz and to one another was reasonable and
appropriate given each executive’s responsibilities and fiscal 2012 performance.
For fiscal 2013, the differences in pay among our NEOs relative to each other
and Mr. Schultz are based on market differences for the particular job, job
responsibilities and scope, professional experience and adjustments for
individual performance. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 33 Employment
Agreements and Termination Arrangements Although we typically sign a letter
arrangement with an executive officer upon hire or promotion noting that the
executive is employed “at will,” these agreements typically do not provide for
severance upon termination. None of our NEOs have employment or severance
agreements. We may from time-to-time offer
severance benefit arrangements for terminated or separated executives as part of
a negotiated termination of employment in exchange for a release of claims
against the Company and other covenants in the best interests of the
Company. None of our NEOs have any such
severance benefit arrangement. Ms. Gass, who served as president, EMEA for a
portion of fiscal 2013, received only her salary during her term of service in
fiscal 2013, and other compensation provided in the ordinary course. Upon her
departure, Ms. Gass forfeited the equity awards that were granted to her in
fiscal 2013 and portions of previously-granted awards pursuant to the terms of
such grants. Change-in-Control Arrangements We do not provide any special
change-in-control benefits to executives. Our only change-in-control
arrangement, which applies to all partners with equity compensation awards, is
“double-trigger” accelerated vesting of equity. This means that under our equity
plan, unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock units will accelerate
vesting if (i) there is a change in control and (ii) either (a) stock options
and restricted stock units are assumed or substituted with equivalent stock
options or restricted stock units of the surviving company and the partner is
terminated or resigns for good reason within one year after the change in
control or (b) stock options or RSUs are not assumed or substituted with stock
options or RSUs of the surviving company, in which case they vest immediately
upon a change in control. We believe it is appropriate to provide double-trigger
accelerated equity vesting because it aligns executives’ interests with the
interests of shareholders without providing an undue benefit to executives who
continue to be employed following a change-incontrol transaction. Executive
Stock Ownership Guidelines In September 2007, stock ownership
guidelines were established for executive officers to encourage them to have a
long-term equity stake in Starbucks, align their interests with shareholders,
and mitigate potential compensation-related risk. Those guidelines were amended
in November 2010 to provide that each executive officer must hold a multiple of
his or her annual base salary in Starbucks stock and to introduce a holding
requirement as follows: Ownership Requirement (multiple of base Position salary) chairman, president and
      ceo 6x presidents, evp presidents and
      cfo 3x other evps 2x Each executive officer generally has
five years to achieve the minimum ownership requirement. Until the ownership
requirement is satisfied, the executive officer is required to hold 50% of the
net shares received upon the exercise of stock options and the vesting of
RSUs. In addition to shares held outright,
the unrealized value of vested, in-the-money stock options counts for up to 25%
of the ownership requirement. Unrealized value is measured as the difference
between aggregate exercise price and aggregate market value of underlying
shares. Unvested time-based and performance RSUs do not count towards the
ownership threshold. All NEOs exceed the current ownership requirement (as
amended in November 2010). Clawback
Policy (Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy) During its November 2009 meeting, the
board of directors, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee,
approved the Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy, which many companies
refer to as a “Clawback” policy. This policy allows the Company to seek
reimbursement with respect to incentive compensation paid or awarded to
executive officers (as designated by the board) where (i) the payment of a bonus
or equity award (or the vesting of such award) was predicated upon the
achievement of financial results that were the product of fraudulent activity or
that were subsequently the subject of a material negative restatement and (ii) a
lower or no bonus payment or equity award would have been made to executive
officers (or lesser or no vesting would have occurred with respect to such
award) based on the restated financial results (the financial results that would
have pertained absent such fraudulent activity). The policy became effective,
with respect to equity awards, beginning with awards granted in fiscal 2010 and,
with respect to annual incentive bonuses, beginning with bonuses earned for
fiscal 2010. Equity Grant
Timing Practices Most equity grants occur on
pre-established dates pursuant to our equity grant guidelines, with annual
grants generally occurring on the later of the second business day after the
public release of fiscal year-end earnings, or (if later) the Monday following
the date the Compensation Committee approves the awards. Annual awards for
partners are granted pursuant to a formula based on a specified dollar amount,
with the number of shares and exercise price for each option grant determined
based on the closing market price of our stock on the grant date and the number
of shares for each RSU grant determined by dividing the dollar amount by the
closing market price of our stock on the grant date. The Compensation Committee
approves annual awards for partners at the senior vice president level and
above. The Compensation Committee has delegated authority to the ceo to make
annual grants, within certain parameters, to partners at the vice president
level and below, and to newly hired or newly promoted partners with titles of
senior vice president or below. All other new hire and promotion grants are
approved by the Compensation Committee. Annual and initial awards for
non-employee directors are approved by the board of directors. Annual awards for
directors are granted at the same time as annual awards to executives, and
initial awards are granted on 34 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION the date the new director is
appointed or elected to the board, or the first open trading date after the
appointment or election date. Anti-Hedging
Policy In November 2010, the board of
directors amended our Insider Trading Policy to prohibit Starbucks partners from
engaging in hedging transactions designed to offset decreases in the market
value of Starbucks securities, including certain forms of hedging and
monetization transactions, such as “zero-cost collars” and “prepaid variable
forward contracts.” Anti-Pledging
Policy As of the date of this proxy
statement, there are no executive officers or directors who hold Starbucks
securities in a margin account or have Starbucks securities pledged as
collateral for a loan. In June 2013, the board of directors amended our Insider
Trading Policy to prohibit Starbucks partners from holding Starbucks stock in a
margin account or pledging Starbucks stock as collateral for a loan. There is a limited exception to our
policy prohibiting the pledging of Starbucks stock as collateral for a loan (not
including margin debt, for which there is no exception to the prohibition). In
order to be granted an exception, the partner must clearly demonstrate the
financial capacity to repay the loan without resorting to the pledged securities
and must request and receive approval from the general counsel of Starbucks
prior to the documentation of the proposed pledge. Tax
Deductibility of Executive Compensation Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code prevents us from taking a tax deduction for compensation that does
not qualify as performance-based and that is in excess of $1 million paid in any
fiscal year to the ceo and the three other most highly compensated named
executive officers serving at fiscal year-end (excluding the chief financial
officer). The Compensation Committee considers the potential tax deductibility
of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and
may seek to qualify certain elements of these executives’ compensation as
performance-based while also delivering competitive levels and forms of
compensation. To address one of the conditions for qualifying as
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m), certain executive
compensation decisions were approved by the Performance Compensation
Subcommittee (the “Subcommittee”) of the Compensation Committee, and reference
to the Compensation Committee includes the Subcommittee. Because there are
uncertainties as to the application of regulations under Section 162(m), as with
most tax matters it is possible that our deductions may be challenged or
disallowed. We generally intend annual incentive
bonuses and long-term incentive awards (stock options and performance RSUs) to
be eligible to qualify as tax-deductible to Starbucks but we have the
flexibility to pay non-deductible compensation when necessary to achieve our
executive compensation objectives. COMPENSATION
COMMITTEE REPORT The Compensation Committee has
reviewed and discussed the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis with
management. Based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis be included in the Starbucks 2013 Form 10-K and this proxy
statement. Respectfully submitted, Kevin R. Johnson
(Chair) Olden Lee James G. Shennan, Jr. Clara Shih Javier G.
Teruel Myron E. Ullman, III Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 35 EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE The
following table sets forth information regarding the fiscal 2013, 2012 and 2011
compensation for our NEOs, except fiscal 2012 and 2011 information for Ms. Gass
is not provided because she was not an NEO in either of those years. Non-Equity Stock Option Incentive
      Plan All
      Other Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Compensation Total Name and Principal
      Position Year ($) ($) (1) ($) (2) ($) (2) ($) (3) ($) (4) ($) Howard Schultz chairman, president and chief executive officer 2013 1,500,000 — 5,999,987 7,276,587 2,250,000 215,933 17,242,507 2012 1,482,692 — 18,000,000 6,897,848 2,308,500 220,733 28,909,773 2011 1,382,692 — 5,500,880 5,978,614 2,982,000 235,294 16,079,480 Troy
      Alstead chief financial
      officer and group president, Global
      Business Services 2013 741,058 — 874,976 751,631 637,500 17,133 3,022,298 2012 697,702 — 1,499,994 1,302,512 613,522 18,989 4,132,719 2 011 649,231 — 2,050,337 909,284 667,833 10,608 4,287,293 John Culver group president, China & Asia Pacific, Channel Development and Emerging Brands 2013 582,054 179,438 1,950,007 816,054 260,362 17,130 3,805,045 2012 561,412 — 874,982 759,803 621,061 25,047 2,842,305 2011 545,673 — 875,144 757,738 567,188 24,800 2,770,543 Clifford Burrows group president, Americas, EMEA and Teavana 2013 733,838 — 874,976 751,631 1,140,603 45,486 3,546,534 2012 713,363 — 1,499,994 1,302,512 666,676 62,253 4,244,798 2011 678,942 — 2,050,337 909,284 633,822 53,391 4,325,776 Jeff Hansberry president, China & Asia Pacific 2013 521,269 108,633 769,975 661,426 85,355 270,344 2,417,002 2012 502,156 — 2,700,004 607,838 542,180 26,811 4,378,989 2011 488,269 — 510,098 441,651 598,653 415,380 2,454,051 Michelle
      Gass former president,
      EMEA 2013 341,673 — 1,769,998 661,426 — 1,229,891 4,002,988 (1) These amounts represent
      discretionary bonus payments made to Mr. Culver and Mr. Hansberry for
      fiscal 2013, as more fully discussed above in “Analysis of Executive Compensation Decisions — Annual Incentive Bonus.” (2) Represents the aggregate
      grant date fair value, as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
      These amounts do not reflect whether the recipient has actually realized
      or will realize a financial benefit from the awards (such as by exercising
      stock options). The grant date fair values have been determined based on
      the assumptions and methodologies set forth in the Company’s 2013 Form
      10-K (Note 12: Employee Stock and Benefit Plans). The grant date fair
      value for performance RSUs is reported based upon the probable outcome of
      the performance conditions on the grant date in accordance with SEC rules.
      The value of the performance RSUs assuming achievement of the maximum
      performance level of 200% would have been: Mr. Schultz - $11,999,974; Mr.
      Alstead - $1,749,952; Mr. Hansberry - $1,539,950; Mr. Burrows -
      $1,749,952; Mr. Culver - $1,899,968; Michelle Gass - $1,539,950. The
      assumed expected term of stock options shown in the Company’s 2013 Form
      10-K (Note 12: Employee Stock and Benefit Plans) is a weighted average
      expected term covering all optionees. However, Mr. Schultz’s historical
      practice of not exercising stock options until very late in their term
      requires us to apply a unique expected term assumption that exceeds eight
      years when valuing options granted to him for purposes of GAAP. In
      addition, in accordance with GAAP, the fair value of a stock option
      granted to a retirement-eligible partner will be expensed earlier than an
      identical stock option granted to a partner who is not
      retirement-eligible. Mr. Schultz waived the accelerated vesting feature
      for options granted subsequent to fiscal year 2006. Ms. Gass forfeited the
      full amount of the equity awards granted to her in fiscal 2013 upon her
      departure from the company in May 2013. (3) These amounts represent
      annual incentive bonus awards under the EMBP earned for fiscal
    2013. (4) The table below shows the
      components of “All Other Compensation” for the named executive
      officers. 36 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES FISCAL 2013 ALL OTHER COMPENSATION
TABLE Insurance Retirement
      Plan Expatriate Premiums Contributions Security Tax
      Expenses Other Total Name ($) (1) ($) (2) ($) (3) ($) (4) ($) ($) Howard Schultz 5,733 10,200 200,000 — — 215,933 Troy Alstead 2,756 14,377 — — — 17,133 John Culver 3,930 10,200 — — 3,000 (5) 17,130 Clifford Burrows 4,177 10,200 — — 31,109 (6) 45,486 Jeff Hansberry 2,527 8,914 — 120 258,783 (7) 270,344 Michelle Gass 1,064 8,969 — 937,276 282,582 (8) 1,229,891 (1) These amounts represent the
      premiums paid on behalf of our NEOs under our executive life and
      disability insurance plans. (2) These amounts represent
      Company matching contributions to the accounts of our NEOs in the
      Company’s 401(k) plan. (3) This amount represents the
      aggregate incremental costs to the Company of providing home security
      services and equipment to the chairman, president and ceo. (4) These amounts represent tax
      equalization benefits (including tax gross-ups of such amounts) paid on
      behalf of Mr. Hansberry and Ms. Gass due to increased taxes and imputed
      income from overseas assignments in the case of Mr. Hansberry, in Hong
      Kong, and in the case of Ms. Gass, in London, England. The Company
      provides only for any additional U.S. or foreign taxes due as a direct
      result of an employee’s international assignment, and employees remain
      financially responsible for the amount of taxes they would have incurred
      if they had continued to live and work in their home country. (5) This amount is the cost of
      providing an annual physical examination for Mr. Culver. (6) This amount includes $28,109
      in expenses related to Mr. Burrows’ expatriate tax preparation fees and
      $3,000 in incremental costs of providing an annual physical
      examination. (7) This amount includes
      $147,290 in housing expenses, $78,646 in relocation expenses, $23,211 in
      dependent schooling expenses, $4,416 in other expatriate related expenses
      and $2,420 in expatriate tax preparation fees, all incurred as a direct
      result of Mr. Hansberry’s overseas assignment in Hong Kong in connection
      with his promotion to president, China & Asia Pacific, and $2,800 in
      incremental costs of providing an annual physical
examination. (8) This amount includes
      $161,809 in housing expenses, $45,176 in relocation expenses, $36,938 in
      dependent schooling expenses, and $35,859 in expatriate tax preparation
      and compliance fees all incurred as a direct result of Ms. Gass’s overseas
      assignment in London, England, and $2,800 in incremental costs of
      providing an annual physical examination. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 37 FISCAL 2013
GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE The following table sets forth information regarding fiscal 2013 annual
incentive bonus awards and equity awards granted to our named executive officers
in fiscal 2013. All Other Stock Grant Awards: All
      Other Date Number Option Fair of Awards: Exercise Value
      of Potential Future Payouts Potential Future Payouts Shares Number
      of or
      Base Stock Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Under Equity Incentive Plan of Securities Price
      of and Awards Awards Stock
      or Underlying Option Option Approval Grant Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Units Options Awards Awards Name Award Date Date (1) ($) ($) ($) (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) ($/Sh) ($) (2) Howard Schultz Annual Incentive 3 112,500 2,250,000 4,500,000 Stock Options 4 11/14/12 11/19/12 430,812 49.74 7,276,587 Performance RSUs 5 11/14/12 11/19/12 24,125 120,627 241,254 5,999,987 Troy Alstead Annual Incentive 3 31,875 637,500 1,275,000 Stock Options 4 11/13/12 11/19/12 62,827 49.74 751,631 Performance RSUs 5 11/13/12 11/19/12 3,518 17,591 35,182 874,976 John Culver Annual Incentive 3 21,990 439,800 879,600 Stock Options 4 11/13/12 11/19/12 68,212 49.74 816,054 Performance RSUs 5 11/13/12 11/19/12 3,820 19,099 38,198 949,984 Time-Based RSUs 6 11/13/12 11/19/12 20,105 1,000,023 Clifford Burrows Annual Incentive 3 31,335 626,705 1,253,410 Stock Options 4 11/13/12 11/19/12 62,827 49.74 751,631 Performance RSUs 5 11/13/12 11/19/12 3,518 17,591 35,182 874,976 Jeff Hansberry Annual Incentive 3 19,399 387,975 775,950 Stock Options 4 11/13/12 11/19/12 55,287 49.74 661,426 Performance RSUs 5 11/13/12 11/19/12 3,096 15,480 30,960 769,975 Michelle Gass Annual Incentive 3 19,875 397,500 795,000 Stock Options 4 11/13/12 11/19/12 55,287 49.74 661,426 Performance RSUs 5 11/13/12 11/19/12 3,096 15,480 30,960 769,975 Time-Based RSUs 6 11/13/12 11/19/12 20,105 1,000,023 (1) Annual option awards granted
      in November 2012 were approved by the independent directors on the
      recommendation of the Compensation Committee. In accordance with our
      equity grant timing policy in place at the time of the November 2012
      grant, the grant date for the regular annual equity grant (which was
      approved on November 13, 2012, except for grants to Mr. Schultz which were
      approved by the independent members of the Board on November 14, 2012) was
      the second business day after our fiscal 2012 earnings release, however,
      since the earnings release was before the November Compensation Committee
      and board meetings, the grant date, according to the policy, was the
      Monday following such meetings (Monday, November 19, 2012). (2) The grant date fair value
      for performance RSUs is reported based upon the probable outcome of the
      performance conditions at the grant date in accordance with SEC
      rules. (3) Reflects information
      regarding awards under the EMBP. (4) Reflects stock options that
      will vest in four equal installments (subject to rounding of partial
      shares) beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. (5) Reflects performance RSUs
      that vest 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the
      third anniversary of the grant date. (6) Reflects time-based RSUs
      granted in November 2012 that will vest 50% on the second anniversary of
      the grant date and 50% on the fourth anniversary of the grant
    date. 38 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES The following narrative provides
further detail with respect to the information in the table above. Equity
Awards. The amount of stock
options granted to executive officers for the fiscal 2013 annual equity award
was based on a target economic value for the total equity award value. The
number of stock options granted was calculated by dividing 50% of the total
equity award value by a closing price multiplier. The closing price multiplier
was equal to the closing market price of Starbucks stock on the date of grant
multiplied by a Black-Scholes factor. The stock options shown in the table were
awarded in early fiscal 2013. The target amount of performance RSUs for
executive officers for fiscal 2013 was based on a target economic value for the
total equity award value. The number of performance RSUs granted was calculated
by dividing 50% of the total equity award value by the closing price of
Starbucks stock on the date of grant. All equity awards shown in this table
were granted under the 2005 Key Employee Plan Sub-Plan (“2005 Key Employee
Plan”) to our 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. The stock options have an
exercise price equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the date
of grant. The options will vest in four equal annual installments beginning on
the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment with
the Company, and expire 10 years after the date of grant. Mr. Culver and Ms.
Gass each received a time-based RSU award scheduled to vest, subject to
continued employment, 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date and 50% on
the fourth anniversary of the grant date. Ms. Gass forfeited her time-based RSU
award upon her departure from the Company in May 2013. Earned performance
RSUs awarded to our NEOs in fiscal 2013
will vest, subject to continued employment, 50% on the second anniversary of the
date of grant and 50% on the third anniversary of the date of grant. The final
number of Performance RSUs earned will be based on achievement of two-year EPS
and ROIC goals, as further discussed in the “Long-Term Incentive Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. All stock options will
become fully vested and exercisable (i) if the recipient terminates his
employment at or after the age of 55 and with at least 10 years of credited
service with Starbucks (other than with respect to Mr. Schultz, as explained
below) and (ii) under the circumstances described in the section below entitled “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Equity Acceleration.” Restricted stock units do not accelerate upon retirement or
death. Annual
Incentive Plan Awards. These
amounts reflect the potential threshold, target and maximum annual incentive
bonus awards payable to our named executive officers under the EMBP for fiscal
2013. Amounts shown are calculated as a percentage of fiscal 2013 year-end base
salary. See the discussion and analysis regarding the EMBP in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section above for further information. Target bonus
amounts assume achievement of the objective goals at the target amounts. Maximum
bonus amounts assume achievement of the objective goals at the maximum amount of
200%. The named executive officers received actual bonus payouts under the
Executive Management Bonus Plan for fiscal 2013 in the amounts shown in the
“Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 39 OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2013 YEAR-END TABLE The following table provides information regarding stock
options and restricted stock units held by our named executive officers as of
September 29, 2013. No named executive officer has any other form of equity
award outstanding. Option
Awards Stock
  Awards Equity Equity Incentive Incentive
      Plan Plan
      Awards: Awards: Number
      of Market
      Value Number
      of Market
      or Number
      of Number
      of Number
      of Shares
      or of Shares
      or Unearned Payout
      Value Number
      of Securities Securities Securities Units
      of Units
      of Shares, of
      Unearned Securities Underlying Underlying Underlying Stock Stock Units
      or Shares,
      Units Underlying Unexercised Unexercised Options Option that
      Have that
      Have Other
      Rights or
      Other Options Options Options (#) Exercise Option Not Not That
      Have Rights
      That Grant (#) (#) (#) Previously Price Expiration Vested Vested Not
      Vested Have
      Not Name Date Total
      Grant Exercisable Unexercisable Exercised ($) Date (#) ($) (1) (#) (2) Vested
      ($) (3) Howard 11/19/2012 4 120,627 9,328,086 Schultz 11/19/2012 5 430,812 430,812 49.74 11/19/2022 11/15/2011 6 272,541 21,075,596 11/14/2011 5 429,652 107,413 322,239 43.64 11/14/2021 11/14/2011 4 142,989 11,057,339 11/15/2010 5 525,466 262,734 262,732 30.79 11/15/2020 11/15/2010 4 144,713 11,190,656 11/16/2009 5 610,224 457,668 152,556 22.06 11/16/2019 11/17/2008 5 2,714,947 75,000 2,639,947 8.64 11/17/2018 11/19/2007 5 687,113 687,113 22.87 11/19/2017 11/20/2006 5 544,218 544,218 36.75 11/20/2016 11/16/2005 7 966,469 966,469 30.42 11/16/2015 11/16/2004 7 1,000,000 82,000 918,000 27.32 11/16/2014 Troy Alstead 11/19/2012 5 62,827 62,827 49.74 11/19/2022 11/19/2012 4 17,591 1,360,312 11/14/2011 5 107,413 80,559 26,854 43.64 11/14/2021 11/14/2011 4 35,747 2,764,316 11/15/2010 5 100,316 50,158 50,158 30.79 11/15/2020 11/15/2010 4 27,627 2,136,396 11/15/2010 8 16,241 1,255,917 11/16/2009 5 81,363 20,340 61,023 22.06 11/16/2019 John Culver 11/19/2012 5 68,212 68,212 49.74 11/19/2022 11/19/2012 4 19,099 1,476,926 11/19/2012 8 20,105 1,554,720 11/14/2011 5 62,658 15,665 46,993 43.64 11/14/2021 11/14/2011 4 20,852 1,612,485 11/15/2010 5 83,597 41,799 41,798 30.79 11/15/2020 11/15/2010 4 23,022 1,780,291 12/15/2009 5 49,668 12,417 37,251 22.73 12/15/2019 11/16/2009 5 56,373 14,093 42,280 22.06 11/16/2019 Clifford 11/19/2012 5 62,827 62,827 49.74 11/19/2022 Burrows 11/19/2012 4 17,591 1,360,312 11/14/2011 5 107,413 26,854 80,559 43.64 11/14/2021 11/14/2011 4 35,747 2,764,316 11/15/2010 5 100,316 50,158 50,158 30.79 11/15/2020 11/15/2010 4 27,627 2,136,396 11/15/2010 8 16,241 1,255,917 11/16/2009 5 81,363 20,340 61,023 22.06 11/16/2019 Jeff 11/19/2012 5 55,287 55,287 49.74 11/19/2022 Hansberry 11/19/2012 4 15,480 1,197,068 11/15/2011 8 22,712 1,756,319 11/15/2011 9 22,712 1,756,319 11/14/2011 5 50,126 12,532 37,594 43.64 11/14/2021 11/14/2011 4 16,682 1,290,019 11/15/2010 5 48,725 24,363 24,362 30.79 11/15/2020 11/15/2010 4 13,419 1,037,691 6/5/2010 5 31,598 23,699 7,899 27.93 6/15/2020 6/5/2010 10 2,685 207,631 Michelle Gass N/A 11 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (1) Value is calculated by
      multiplying the number of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) that have not
      vested by the closing market price of our stock ($77.33) as of the close
      of trading on September 27, 2013 (the last trading day prior to our
      September 29, 2013 fiscal year-end.) (2) Reflects the number of RSUs
      that may be earned upon achievement of target performance; actual number
      of RSUs earned is based on fiscal 2014 adjusted EPS and ROIC
    goals. (3) Value is calculated by
      multiplying the number of RSUs that may be earned upon achievement of
      target performance by the closing market price of our stock ($77.33) as of
      the close of trading on September 27, 2013; actual number of RSUs earned
      is based on fiscal 2014 adjusted EPS and ROIC
goals. 40 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES (4) Earned Performance RSUs vest
      50% on the second anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the third
      anniversary of the grant date. (5) Options vest in four equal
      annual installments (subject to rounding of partial shares), beginning on
      the first anniversary of the grant date (6) Earned Performance RSUs that
      vest 100% on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to the
      attainment of a performance threshold of positive cumulative net income
      over the vesting period. (7) Options vest in three equal
      annual installments (subject to rounding of partial shares) beginning on
      the first anniversary of the grant date. (8) Time-based RSUs vest 50% on
      the second anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the fourth anniversary
      of the grant date. (9) Time-based RSUs vest fully
      on the fourth anniversary of the grant date. (10) Time-based RSUs vest in four
      equal installments (subject to rounding of partial shares), beginning on
      the first anniversary of the grant date. (11) As a result of Ms. Gass’s
      departure on May 18, 2013, all of her unvested equity awards were
      forfeited prior to the end of the fiscal year. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 41 FISCAL 2013
OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED The following table provides information regarding stock options that
were exercised by our named executive officers and stock awards (restricted
stock units) that vested during fiscal 2013. Option award value realized is
calculated by subtracting the aggregate exercise price of the options exercised
from the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock acquired on the
date of exercise. Stock award value realized is calculated by multiplying the
number of shares shown in the table by the closing price of our stock on the
date the stock awards vested. As illustrated by the “Grant Date” column in the
table below, Value Realized on Exercise and Value Realized on Vesting represent
long-term gain over many years. Option
      Awards Stock
      Awards Number of Shares Acquired on Value
      Realized Number of Shares Value Realized Exercise on
      Exercise Acquired on Vesting on
      Vesting Name Grant Date (#) ($) (#) ($) Howard Schultz 11/16/2004 918,000 37,861,625 11/17/2008 2,004,947 89,953,713 11/16/2009 237,987 11,064,246 11/15/2010 144,713 7,008,451 Troy
      Alstead 11/17/2008 16,534 742,023 12/18/2008 13,227 747,986 11/16/2009 61,023 1,919,857 11/15/2010 50,158 1,768,722 11/14/2011 26,854 818,239 11/16/2009 31,732 1,547,252 11/15/2010 43,870 2,124,624 John Culver 11/17/2008 16,534 741,798 3/17/2009 12,849 826,346 11/16/2009 42,280 1,504,179 12/15/2009 37,251 1,788,305 11/16/2009 21,985 1,071,989 11/15/2010 23,023 1,115,004 Clifford
      Burrows 11/16/2004 68,500 1,534,277 11/16/2005 60,000 1,909,758 11/20/2006 49,679 1,729,773 11/19/2007 43,725 1,728,108 3/18/2008 37,222 1,170,018 11/17/2008 33,069 1,357,783 11/16/2009 20,342 1,008,117 11/16/2009 31,732 1,547,252 11/15/2010 43,870 2,124,624 Jeff Hansberry 6/15/2010 2,685 177,291 11/15/2010 13,420 649,931 Michelle
      Gass 11/20/2006 21,701 406,542 11/19/2007 28,734 938,521 11/17/2008 38,029 1,922,699 12/18/2008 50,000 2,654,500 11/16/2009 42,280 1,717,414 11/15/2010 38,980 1,243,267 11/14/2011 15,217 289,732 11/16/2009 21,985 1,071,989 11/15/2010 21,470 1,039,792 42 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES NONQUALIFIED
DEFERRED COMPENSATION Management
Deferred Compensation Plan The NEOs are eligible to participate
in the Management Deferred Compensation Plan (“MDCP”), a nominally funded,
non-qualified plan, the benefits of which are paid by Starbucks out of our
general assets. The plan is subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code. In September 2008, the board of directors approved an
amended and restated plan document to conform it to Section 409A requirements
effective January 1, 2009. Deferred compensation earned prior to 2005 is not
subject to Section 409A requirements and continues to be governed under the
terms of the plan and the tax laws in effect on or before December 31, 2004, as
applicable. We maintain a trust agreement with an
independent trustee establishing a rabbi trust for the purpose of funding
benefits payable to participants (including each of our NEOs) under
our MDCP. It is currently funded with a nominal amount of cash. Deferrals. Participants may defer up to 70% of base salary to the MDCP and up to 95%
of bonuses paid under the EMBP so long as they are eligible and enroll during
the annual enrollment window that takes place prior to the start of each fiscal
year. Prior to January 1, 2011, certain participants were eligible to receive
matching contributions from Starbucks to replace the similar benefits not
available to them under our 401(k) plan due to limitations imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code and the 401(k) plan document. In June 2010, the board of
directors approved an amendment to the Company 401(k) plan allowing for safe
harbor matching contributions and eliminating certain limits imposed by the
401(k) plan document for certain highly compensated employees effective as of
January 1, 2011. In conjunction with the 401(k) plan amendment, in June 2010,
the board of directors approved an amendment and restatement of
the MDCP, which eliminated matching contributions to the plan effective
beginning with calendar year 2011. Earnings. As
a nominally funded, non-qualified plan, the MDCP uses measurement benchmarks to
credit earnings on compensation deferred under the plan. Those measurement
benchmarks are based on the same funds available under our 401(k) plan.
Participants select which measurement funds they wish to have their account
allocated to and may change how deferred compensation is allocated to the
measurement funds at any time, subject to certain redemption fees and other
limitations imposed by frequent trading restrictions and plan rules. Changes
generally become effective as of the first trading day following the
change. In-Service
Withdrawals and Separations from Service Distributions. At the time of making the deferral election for a
particular year, a participant elects when the associated deferred compensation
will be distributed. In general, the participant can receive scheduled
“in-service” withdrawals or hardship withdrawals while still employed or have
distributions paid on separation from service. The specific distribution options
depend on whether the deferred compensation was earned before or after January
1, 2005 and is subject to other plan rules. For separation from service
distributions, account balances resulting from the Company match and deferred
compensation earned on and after January 1, 2005 can be paid either in a lump
sum or in up to 10 annual installments, in each case beginning within 60 days of
separation or one year after separation. For partners who became newly eligible
on or after October 1, 2010 and certain other partners, separation from service
distributions can be paid either in a lump sum or amortized over a period of two
to five years, in each case beginning within 60 days of separation or one year
after separation. If a participant is considered a “specified employee” on his
or her separation date, Section 409A requires that the payments be delayed for
six months after such separation date. Account balances resulting from pre-2005
deferred compensation can be distributed either in a lump sum within 60 days of
separation or, if the participant is at least age 65 on his or her separation
date, in up to 10 annual installments. Retirement age under the MDCP is age 65,
and no NEO was retirement eligible under the MDCP during fiscal 2013. 1997 Deferred
Stock Plan. Under the 1997
Deferred Stock Plan, key partners designated by the Compensation Committee could
elect to defer gains from stock option exercises in the form of deferred stock
units that became payable in shares of common stock upon the expiration of the
deferral period specified by the executive. In September 1997, Mr. Schultz
elected to defer receipt of 3,394,184 shares of common stock (as adjusted for
stock splits since 1997). In November 2006 Mr. Schultz re-deferred receipt of
the shares until December 2012 (or earlier if his employment with Starbucks
terminated prior to that date). Mr. Schultz was entitled to receive cash
dividends on the deferred stock units. Cash dividends declared and paid by the
Company were paid directly to Mr. Schultz in accordance with the 1997 Deferred
Stock Plan. On December 21, 2012, in accordance with Mr. Schultz’s prior
elections and the terms of the 1997 Deferred Stock Plan, the deferral period
ended and Mr. Schultz received a distribution of his entire balance under the
1997 Deferred Stock Plan (less 1,187,965 shares that were withheld to satisfy
tax withholdings). Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 43 FISCAL 2013
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION TABLE The following table shows contributions, earnings,
withdrawals and distributions during fiscal 2013 and the account balances as of
September 29, 2013 for our NEOs under the Management Deferred Compensation Plan.
In addition, the table shows the aggregate balance at fiscal year-end of Mr.
Schultz’s deferred stock units under the 1997 Deferred Stock Plan as described
above. None of the other named executive officers have deferred stock
units. Executive
      Contributions Aggregate
      Earnings Aggregate
      Balance at in Fiscal
      2013 (Loss) in
      Fiscal 2013 Aggregate
      Withdrawals/ Fiscal 2013
      Year-End Name ($) (1) ($) (2) Distribution ($) ($) (3) Howard
      Schultz 0 81,600 0 607,295 deferred stock
      units 0 10,521,970 4 182,641,041 5 0 Troy Alstead 0 160,513 0 823,437 John
      Culver 0 216,807 0 1,454,620 Clifford Burrows 0 60,205 0 397,658 Jeff
      Hansberry 375,344 48,968 0 848,328 Michelle Gass 0 2,538 75,115 279,995 (1) This amount was deferred from the fiscal 2012 EMBP
      award for Mr. Hansberry that was paid in fiscal 2013 and which is reported
      in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary
      Compensation Table for fiscal 2012. (2) We do not provide above-market or preferential
      earnings on MDCP contributions, so these amounts were not reported in the
      Summary Compensation Table. MDCP participants can select only from the
      investment funds that are available under our 401(k) plan. (3) Of these balances, the following amounts were
      reported as executive and Company contributions in Summary Compensation
      Tables in prior-year proxy statements: Mr. Schultz — $437,631; Mr. Alstead
      — $0; Mr. Hansberry — $376,541; Mr. Burrows — $317,558; and Mr. Culver —
      $684,022. Ms. Gass has not appeared in prior-year proxy
      statements. The information in this footnote is provided to clarify the
      extent to which amounts payable as deferred compensation represent
      compensation reported in our prior proxy statements, rather than
      additional currently earned compensation. (4) Aggregate earnings for fiscal 2013 is the value of
      cash dividends received by Mr. Schultz on the deferred stock units during
      fiscal 2013, plus the difference between the aggregate balance at fiscal
      2012 year-end ($172,119,071) and the aggregate balance of the distribution
      in fiscal 2013 ($181,928,262) of the deferred stock units which is
      attributable to appreciation in the price of our stock during the portion
      of fiscal 2013 up to the distribution date of December 21,
  2012. (5) Represents the value of the deferred stock units
      upon distribution ($181,928,262), plus cash dividends received by Mr.
      Schultz on the deferred stock units during fiscal 2013 prior to the
      distribution date ($712,779). Cash dividends declared and paid by the
      Company are paid directly to Mr. Schultz in accordance with the 1997
      Deferred Stock Plan. POTENTIAL
PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL We do not provide special
change-in-control benefits to executives. Our only change-in-control
arrangement, which applies to all partners, is accelerated vesting of certain
equity awards. We may from time-to-time offer a severance benefit arrangement
for terminated or separated executives as part of a negotiated termination of
employment in exchange for a release of claims against the Company and other
covenants determined to be in the best interests of the Company. None of our
NEOs for fiscal 2013 had any such severance benefit arrangement. Ms. Gass, who served as president,
EMEA for a portion of fiscal 2013, received only her salary during her term of
service in fiscal 2013, and other compensation provided in the ordinary course.
Upon her departure, Ms. Gass forfeited the equity awards that were granted to
her in fiscal 2013 and portions of previously-granted awards pursuant to the
terms of such grants. Ms. Gass did not receive any
separation compensation upon her departure. Equity Acceleration Acceleration Upon Change in
Control. No named executive officer is
entitled to any payment or accelerated benefit in connection with a change in
control of Starbucks, or a change in his or her responsibilities following a
change in control, except for accelerated vesting of stock options
and restricted stock units granted under
our 2005 Key Employee Plan. The 2005 Key Employee Plan has detailed definitions
of “change in control” and resigning “for good reason.” Generally speaking, a
change in control occurs if (i) we sell or liquidate all our assets; (ii)
someone acquires 25% or more of our stock without prior approval of our board of
directors; (iii) a majority of our directors is replaced in any 36-month period
other than by new directors approved by existing directors; or (iv) Starbucks is
not the surviving company after any merger. The 2005 Key Employee Plan is a
“double trigger” plan, meaning that unvested stock options and unvested
restricted stock units vest immediately only if (i) there is a change in control
and (ii) if stock options and restricted stock units are assumed or substituted
with stock options or restricted stock units of the surviving company, the
partner is terminated or resigns for good reason within one year after the
change in control. Generally speaking, a resignation is “for good reason” if it
results from the resigning partner: (i) having materially reduced
responsibilities; (ii) being placed in a new role that is inconsistent with the
pre-change-in-control role; (iii) having his or her base salary or target
incentive compensation reduced; or (iv) having his or her primary work location
moved by more than 50 miles. If stock options or restricted stock units are not
assumed or substituted with stock options or restricted stock units of the
surviving company, 44 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION TABLES they vest immediately upon a change
in control. We believe “double-trigger” acceleration is appropriate because
vesting is accelerated only if the retention purpose of time-vested equity
compensation is defeated, which occurs upon a change in control only for
partners who lose their long-term incentive compensation opportunity because the
acquiring company does not assume or substitute awards or the partners lose
their jobs or resign for good reason. Performance RSUs granted are treated in
the same manner as restricted stock units noted above once the performance
period is complete and the amount of award is determined. Prior to completion of
the performance period, performance RSUs do not accelerate upon a change in
control and are forfeited if not assumed or substituted with awards of the
surviving company. Acceleration
Upon Retirement or Death. The
vesting of all options accelerates in full upon the voluntary termination of
employment of any partner who satisfies the criteria for “retirement” under the
2005 Key Employee Plan, meaning the partner is at least 55 years old and has a
minimum of 10 years of credited service with Starbucks, unless otherwise
provided in the grant agreement. Vesting of all options also accelerates upon
the partner’s death. Restricted stock units do not accelerate upon retirement or
death. The following table shows the
estimated potential incremental value of additional stock options and restricted
stock units that would have vested for our NEOs as of September 27, 2013 (the
last business day of fiscal 2013) under the acceleration
scenarios described above. For stock options, the value is based on the
difference between the aggregate exercise price of all accelerated options and
the aggregate market value of the underlying shares as of September 27, 2013
calculated based on the closing market price of our stock on that day ($77.33).
Accelerated restricted stock unit award value is calculated by multiplying the
number of accelerated shares by the closing market price of our stock on
September 27, 2013 ($77.33). Of the named executive officers, only Mr. Schultz
satisfied the criteria for “retirement” under the 2005 Key Employee Plan as of
September 29, 2013. “Retirement,” as defined under the Plan, means voluntary
termination of employment after attainment of age 55 and at least 10 years of
service with the Company. Mr. Schultz has voluntarily waived accelerated vesting
of options upon retirement for each stock option grant he has received since he
became retirement eligible. Mr. Schultz agreed to forgo this accelerated
retirement vesting so the Company would not be required to similarly accelerate
the recognition of expense for the award in our financial statements. Due to the number of factors that
affect the nature and amount of any benefits provided upon the events discussed
below, any actual amounts paid or distributed may be different. Factors that
could affect these amounts include the time during the year of any such event,
the Company’s stock price and the executive’s age. Value of Accelerated
      Equity Awards ($) Change in Change in Control Control Change in with No plus Control Replacement Qualifying Name Only Equity Termination Death Retirement Howard Schultz — 96,054,643 96,054,643 43,402,966 N/A Troy
      Alstead — 15,423,166 15,423,166 7,906,226 N/A John Culver — 13,291,961 13,291,961 6,867,539 N/A Clifford
      Burrows — 15,423,166 15,423,166 7,906,226 N/A Jeff Hansberry — 11,561,098 11,561,098 4,316,050 N/A Michelle Gass N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 45 PROPOSAL
3 — RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM As a matter of good corporate
governance, the Audit Committee requests that shareholders ratify its selection
of Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”) to serve as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal 2014. If the selection is not ratified, the
Audit Committee will consider whether it is appropriate to select another
registered public accounting firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit
Committee in its discretion may select a different independent registered public
accounting firm at any time during fiscal 2014 if it
determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and
our shareholders. Deloitte audited our consolidated financial statements and
internal controls over financial reporting for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. We
expect that representatives of Deloitte will be present at the annual meeting,
and they will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and are
expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions by
shareholders. INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES The following table sets forth the
aggregate fees billed to us by Deloitte for fiscal 2013 and fiscal
2012: Type of Fees Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2012 Audit Fees $ 5,317,000 $ 4,878,000 Audit-Related Fees $ 130,000 $ 222,000 Tax Fees $ 362,000 $ 856,000 All Other Fees $ 44,000 $ — Total $ 5,853,000 $ 5,956,000 Audit
Fees consist of fees paid to
Deloitte for: the audit of the Company’s annual
  financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of
  financial statements included in the Quarterly Reports on Form
  10-Q; the audit of the Company’s internal
  control over financial reporting with the objective of obtaining reasonable
  assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting
  was maintained in all material respects; and services that are normally provided
  by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with
  statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-Related
Fees consist of fees for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of the Company’s financial statements and are not reported
under Audit Fees. This category includes fees
related to audit and attest services not required by statute or regulations, due
diligence related to mergers, acquisitions and investments and consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax
Fees consist of fees for
professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These
services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax
compliance, return preparation, tax audits and customs and duties. All Other
Fees consist of fees for
permitted services other than those that meet the criteria above and include
research subscriptions. The Audit Committee has considered
whether the provision of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the
independence of Deloitte and has concluded that it is. 46 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROPOSAL 3 —
RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM POLICY ON
AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF THE
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation for and overseeing Deloitte’s work. The
Audit Committee has established a policy requiring its pre-approval of all audit
and permissible non-audit services provided by Deloitte. The policy is available
at www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/corporate-governance . The policy
provides for the general pre-approval of specific types of services and gives
detailed guidance to management as to the specific services that are eligible
for general pre-approval, and provides specific cost limits for each such
service on an annual basis. The policy requires specific pre-approval of all
other permitted services. For both types of pre-approval, the Audit Committee
considers whether such services are consistent with the rules of the SEC on
auditor independence. The Audit Committee’s
charter delegates to its chair the authority to address any requests for
pre-approval of services between Audit Committee
meetings, and the chair must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit
Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The policy prohibits the Audit
Committee from delegating to management the Audit Committee’s responsibility to
pre-approve any permitted services. Requests for pre-approval for
services that are eligible for general pre-approval must be submitted to our
controller and be detailed as to the services to be provided and the estimated
total cost. The controller then determines whether the services requested fall
within the detailed guidance of the Audit Committee in the policy as to the
services eligible for general pre-approval. Deloitte and management must report
to the Audit Committee on a timely basis regarding the services provided by
Deloitte in accordance with general pre-approval. AUDIT AND
COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE REPORT As part of fulfilling its
responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited
consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2013 with management and Deloitte
and discussed those matters required to be discussed under Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board standards with Deloitte. The Audit Committee received
the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte required by applicable
requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding
Deloitte’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and
has discussed with Deloitte its independence. Based upon the reviews and
discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the board of
directors that the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2013 be
included in Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted, Javier G.
Teruel (Chair) Mellody Hobson Kevin R. Johnson Craig E.
Weatherup THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2014. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement 47 PROPOSAL 4 —
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL TO PROHIBIT POLITICAL SPENDING Mr. John Harrington, through
Harrington Investments, Inc., has notified the Company that he intends to submit
the following proposal at this year’s annual meeting. As explained below, our
board unanimously recommends that you vote “AGAINST” this shareholder proposal.
Harrington Investments, Inc. beneficially owns 800 shares of
Starbucks common stock. We will provide the
address of the individual submitting this proposal promptly upon a shareholder’s
oral or written request. The proponent is responsible for the content of the
proposal, for which we and our board accept no
responsibility. SHAREHOLDER
PROPOSAL TO PROHIBIT POLITICAL SPENDING WHEREAS: The role of money in politics is a highly contentious
issue. WHEREAS: Our CEO, Howard Shultz, has championed a boycott of
donating to political candidates as a solution to our broken political
system. WHEREAS: Our company tends to make few political contributions.
According to our own website, in 2012 Starbucks contributed no money to
candidates running for state or local office; state or local political parties
and committees; entities operating under
section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code and other tax-exempt organizations when
such contributions are used for political purposes; nor financially supported
any issue or ballot campaign. RESOLVED: The shareholders request that the board of directors
amend the bylaws to include a policy prohibiting the use of corporate funds for
any political election or campaign, including direct or indirect contributions
to candidates, and corporate expenditures for electioneering
communications. SUPPORTING
STATEMENT The proponent believes this policy
should include any direct or indirect contribution that is intended to influence
the outcome of an election or referendum. It should also prohibit the use of
trade associations or non-profit corporations from channeling our company’s
contributions or membership dues to influence the outcome of any election or
referendum. “Expenditures for electioneering communications” means spending
directly, or through a third party, at any time during the year, on printed,
internet or broadcast communications, which are reasonably susceptible to
interpretation as in support of or opposition to a specific
candidate. The proponent does not believe using
corporate money to fund political campaigns or politicians equates “to being
actively involved in the communities we serve,” nor does the company educate “elected and public officials about our business” by giving them or their
campaigns money. There are numerous better ways to serve the community and
educate politicians. Starbucks should continue to provide leadership to reduce
the corrupting influence of money in politics to delegitimize the practice of
“pay to play.” The proponent believes that providing money to politicians would
undermine the “clean” reputation deservedly earned by our company boycotting the
political contributions process. Donating company funds to political candidates’
and public officials’ campaigns does not insure or guarantee that our special
interests will be protected and/or expanded, and therefore is not in the best
interests of our shareholders and certainly does not increase shareholder value,
company credibility or integrity. BOARD
RECOMMENDATION The Starbucks Board of Directors
recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST this proposal for the following
reasons: Starbucks opposes this shareholder
proposal because we believe that our Company has a responsibility to our
shareholders to advocate for public policies that support the health of our
business, our partners and the communities we serve. The shareholder proposal
would severely impede Starbucks from fulfilling this responsibility
by: 1. Negatively impacting our
      ability to educate elected and public officials about our business and the
      positive role we play in helping communities thrive; 2. Significantly restricting
      our ability to promote public policies critical to delivering long-term
      value for our shareholders; 48 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROPOSAL 4 —
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL TO PROHIBIT POLITICAL SPENDING 3. Severely limiting our
      ability to address public policy proposals that could threaten the health
      of our business; and 4. Potentially putting us at a
      marked disadvantage relative to our competitors who are able to
      participate in the political process to further their interests when we
      could not. As a company, Starbucks rarely makes
political campaign contributions. We do not have a Political Action Committee
and we did not make any political contributions in 2011, 2012 or 2013. However,
we have made contributions in the past and we may consider doing so in the
future if it is in the best interests of the Company, our shareholders, our
partners and the communities we serve. When Starbucks does make political
contributions, we are committed to doing so in accordance with our Policy on
Corporate Political Contributions and Expenditures. Our policy has been
carefully designed to permit the Company to make political
contributions when appropriate, while ensuring transparent and consistent
reporting of contributions and expenditures, even when there is little or
nothing to report. Our policy requires that political contributions be
authorized by our executive vice president, chief community officer. It also
requires the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to review corporate
political contributions and expenditures annually in order to ensure that they
align with our policy and values. Our Policy on Corporate Political
Contributions and Expenditures can be found at http://www.starbucks.com/responsibility/learn-more/policies. In addition to our internal policy,
Starbucks is also subject to extensive federal, state and local disclosure laws
regarding issue advocacy around the country on topics of concern to the Company
and its shareholders. Should the Company decide to make political contributions
or expenditures, we are committed to complying with all relevant disclosure laws
in any jurisdiction where we may be active. FOR THESE REASONS, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      RECOMMENDS THAT THE SHAREHOLDERS VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL NUMBER
  4. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 49 PROPOSAL 5 —
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIRMAN James McRitchie and Myra K. Young
have notified the Company that they intend to submit the following proposal at
this year’s annual meeting. As explained below, our board unanimously recommends
that you vote “AGAINST” this shareholder proposal. Mr. McRitchie and Ms. Young
beneficially own 100 shares of Starbucks common stock. We will provide the address of the
individuals submitting this proposal promptly upon a shareholder’s oral or
written request. The proponents are responsible for the content of the proposal,
for which we and our board accept no responsibility. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR AN INDEPENDENT BOARD
CHAIRMAN RESOLVED : Shareholders request that our Board of Directors adopt
a policy, and amend other governing documents as necessary to reflect that
policy, to require the Chair of the Board of Directors to be an independent
member of the Board. This independence requirement shall apply prospectively if
necessary so as not to violate any contractual obligation at the time
this resolution is adopted. Compliance with this policy is waived if no
independent director is available and willing to serve as Chair. The policy
should also specify how to select a new independent chairman if a current
chairman ceases to be independent between annual shareholder
meetings. SUPPORTING STATEMENT When our CEO is our board chairman,
this arrangement can hinder our board’s ability to monitor our CEO’s
performance. Many companies already have an independent Chairman. An independent
Chairman is the prevailing practice in the United Kingdom and many international
markets. This proposal topic won 50%-plus support at 5 major companies in 2013
including 73%-support at Netflix. This proposal should also be more
favorably evaluated due to the deficiencies in our company’s corporate
governance as reported in 2013: GMI Ratings, an independent
investment research firm gave a D-rating to both our board and our executives’
pay. Additional GMI concerns included related party transactions, over-boarded
directors - compounded by over-boarded audit committee members. There was not
one non-executive member of our audit committee with general expertise in
accounting or financial management and there was not even one non-executive
director who had general expertise in risk management. GMI said there was a significant
shareholder vote against our executive pay practices. Annual CEO pay was extreme
compared to our company’s peers - $28 million for Howard Schultz. CEO perks were
excessive. Plus there was a potential 15% stock dilution.
Management had a unilateral right to amend our company’s articles/constitution
without shareholder approval. SBUX was under investigation or had
been subject to fine, settlement or conviction for unfair labor practices or
other labor violations. SBUX had not implemented OSHAS 18001 as its occupational
health and safety management system. Plus SBUX was under investigation, or had
been subject to fine, settlement or conviction as a result of the social impact
of its business practices. Our company’s environmental impact was significantly
greater than peer companies. GMI also cited tax evasion or
offshore finance issues plus fraud or abuse of stakeholders such as consumers,
suppliers or the government. Starbucks had a higher shareholder class action
litigation risk than 95% of rated companies. Six directors had 10 to 28 years
long-tenure to negatively impact their independence: Howard Schultz, James
Shennan, Craig Weatherup (our Lead Director no less), Myron Ullman, Olden Lee
and William Bradley. Returning to the core topic of this
proposal from the context of our clearly improvable corporate governance, please
vote to protect shareholder value: Independent Board Chairman - Proposal 5 . 50 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement PROPOSAL 5 —
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIRMAN BOARD
RECOMMENDATION The Starbucks Board of Directors
recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST this proposal for the following
reasons: We believe that our current board
leadership structure, where we combine the chairman and chief executive
positions, best serves our shareholders and is currently the most effective
leadership structure for Starbucks given Mr. Schultz’s in-depth knowledge of
Starbucks business and industry and his ability to formulate and implement
strategic initiatives. Mr. Schultz is intimately involved in the day-to-day
operations of the Company and is thus in a position to elevate the most critical
business issues for consideration by the independent directors of the board. In
addition, having a combined chairman and chief executive officer enables
Starbucks to speak with a unified voice to shareholders, customers and other
stakeholders. Additionally, we believe that our
corporate governance structure, which includes a presiding (lead) independent
director as well as the exercise of key board oversight responsibilities by
independent directors, provides an effective balance for management of the
Company that has operated effectively and in the best interests of
shareholders. Our presiding independent director is
elected every two years by the independent directors and may not serve more than
two consecutive terms. The presiding independent director presides at the
scheduled executive sessions of independent directors, as well as presides at
all meetings of the board at which the chairman is not present, and has the
authority to call meetings of the independent directors and of the entire board.
Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, the duties of the
presiding independent director also include: serving as a liaison between the
  independent directors and the chairman; approving the scheduling of board
  meetings, as well as the agenda and materials for each board meeting and
  executive session of the independent directors; approving and coordinating the
  retention of advisors and consultants to the board; and such other responsibilities as the
  independent directors may designate from time to time. Our board leadership structure
supports the independence of our non-management directors. The independent
directors meet in executive session at each board meeting without the presence
of management. All board members also have access to senior management.
Additionally, as more fully described earlier in this proxy statement, each of
the standing board committees is comprised solely of and led by independent
directors and has oversight responsibilities over critical matters of the
Company, such as overseeing our financial and reporting process, including
review of the Company’s quarterly and annual financial results, the compensation
of executive officers, including the chairman and chief executive officer, and
the nomination of directors and the evaluation of the board and its
committees. While the proponent makes a number of
generalized and vague allegations, often citing a non-public report, we believe
that these allegations are misinformed or ill-founded and fail to demonstrate
how the implementation of the proposal would advance shareholder interests. We
believe that the flexibility that our Board currently has to determine whether
having the chief executive officer or another director serve as chairman is a
more appropriate and responsible approach to addressing effective board
leadership structures and serving the best interests of
shareholders. FOR THESE REASONS, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      RECOMMENDS THAT THE SHAREHOLDERS VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL NUMBER
  5. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 51 OTHER
BUSINESS The board of directors knows of no
other matters that properly may be brought before the annual meeting. If any
other matters are properly brought before the annual meeting, however, the persons
appointed in the accompanying proxy intend to vote the shares represented
thereby in accordance with their best judgment. EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The following table provides
information as of September 29, 2013 regarding total shares subject to
outstanding stock options and rights and total additional shares available for
issuance under our existing equity incentive and employee stock purchase
plans. Number of Securities Remaining Available for Number of Securities to Weighted-Average Future Issuance Under be Issued Upon
      Exercise Exercise Price of Equity Compensation
      Plans of Outstanding Options, Outstanding
    Options, (Excluding Securities Plan Category Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation
    plans approved by security holders 27,680,990 $23.00 (1) 69,597,183 (2) Equity compensation plans
      not approved by security holders 147,947 (3) $22.86 1,310,781 (4) Total 27,828,937 $23.00 (1) 70,907,964 (1) The weighted-average
      exercise price takes into account 5,843,029 shares under approved plans
      issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, which have no
      exercise price. The weighted average exercise price solely with respect to
      options outstanding under the approved plans is $29.12. (2) Consists of 63,183,749
      shares remaining available for issuance under the 2005 Long-Term Equity
      Incentive Plan and 6,413,434 shares remaining available for issuance under
      the 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Shares available for issuance under
      the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan may be issued pursuant to stock
      options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation
      rights. Included in the 63,183,749 shares available for issuance are the
      additional 45,000,000 shares approved by shareholders on March 20, 2013,
      which were registered on our Form S-8 filed with the SEC on October 1,
      2013. (3) Consists of shares under our
      1991 Company-Wide Bean Stock Option Plan (the “1991 Bean Stock
      Plan”). (4) Consists of shares remaining
      available for issuance under the UK Share Incentive
  Plan. The 1991 Bean Stock Plan is our
former broad-based stock option plan and provided for the annual issuance of
stock options to eligible partners. The 1991 Bean Stock Plan was approved and
adopted by our board of directors in 1991 and did not require shareholder
approval. Generally, options were granted annually under the 1991 Bean Stock
Plan. These grants required board approval, were linked to overall Company
performance in the prior year and were granted to partners as a
percentage of base salary. The 1991 Bean Stock Plan was replaced by the 2005
Company-Wide Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity
Incentive Plan. The Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan,
as amended and restated, was approved by our shareholders on March 20,
2013. 52 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS REVIEW AND APPROVAL
OF RELATED-PERSON TRANSACTIONS Under the Audit Committee’s charter,
and consistent with NASDAQ rules, any material potential or actual conflict of
interest or transaction between Starbucks and any “related person” of Starbucks
must be reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee. SEC rules
define a “related person” of Starbucks as any Starbucks director (or nominee),
executive officer, 5%-or-greater shareholder or immediate family member of any
of these persons. Our board of directors has adopted a written Policy for the
Review and Approval of Related-Person Transactions Required to Be Disclosed in
Proxy Statements, which states that it is the policy of Starbucks not to
participate in “related person” transactions. In select circumstances, if the
transaction provides Starbucks with a demonstrable and significant strategic
benefit that is in the best interests of Starbucks and its shareholders and has
terms that are competitive with terms available from unaffiliated third parties,
then the Audit Committee may approve the transaction. The policy also provides
that any “related person” as defined above must notify the chair of the Audit
Committee before becoming a party to, or engaging in, a potential related-person
transaction that may require disclosure in our proxy statement under SEC rules,
or if prior approval is not practicable, as soon as possible after engaging in
the transaction. Based on current SEC rules, transactions covered by the policy
include: any individual or series of related
  transactions, arrangements or relationships (including, but not limited to,
  indebtedness or guarantees of indebtedness), whether actual or
  proposed; in which Starbucks was or is to be a
  participant; the amount of which exceeds
  $120,000; and in which the related person has or
  will have a direct or indirect material interest. Whether the related person
  has a direct or indirect material interest depends on the significance to
  investors of knowing the information in light
of all the circumstances of a particular case. The importance to the person
having the interest, the relationship of the parties to the transaction with
each other and the amount involved in the transaction are among the factors to
be considered in determining the significance of the information to
investors. The Audit Committee chair has the
discretion to determine whether a transaction is or may be covered by the
policy. If the chair determines that the transaction is covered by the policy,
then the transaction is subject to full Audit Committee review and approval. The
Audit Committee’s decision is final and binding. Additionally, the Audit
Committee chair has discretion to approve, disapprove or seek full Audit
Committee review of any immaterial transaction involving
a related person (i.e., a transaction not otherwise required to be disclosed in
the proxy statement). In considering potential
related-person transactions, the Audit Committee looks to SEC and NASDAQ rules,
including the impact of a transaction on the independence of any director. Once
the Audit Committee has determined that (i) the potential related-person
transaction will provide Starbucks with a demonstrable and significant strategic
benefit that is in the best interests of Starbucks and its shareholders and (ii)
that the terms of the potential related-person transaction are competitive with
terms available from unaffiliated third parties, the Audit Committee may
consider other factors such as: whether the transaction is likely to
  have any significant negative effect on Starbucks, the related person or any
  Starbucks partner; whether the transaction can be
  effectively managed by Starbucks despite the related person’s interest in
  it; whether the transaction would be in
  the ordinary course of our business; and the availability of alternative
  products or services at comparable prices. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 53 RELATED-PERSON
TRANSACTIONS SINCE THE BEGINNING OF FISCAL 2013 At the end of fiscal 2013, Starbucks
entered into a series of agreements under which Starbucks acquired the right to
use an aircraft leased by an entity owned by Mr. Schultz (“Sublessor”) to
address the Company’s need for additional flight capacity for business purposes.
Under an exclusive sublease agreement with the Sublessor, Starbucks subleases
and operates the aircraft for a monthly rent of $269,297 and is responsible for
the operation of the aircraft, aircraft maintenance, insurance and all other
overhead costs. The sublease will terminate upon Mr. Schultz’s discontinuation
of day-to-day activities in Starbucks management or may be terminated sooner by
either party upon 45 days’ notice. Starbucks and Mr. Schultz also entered into
an agreement pursuant to which Mr. Schultz pays Starbucks for his personal use
of the aircraft. These amounts are calculated on a fully allocated cost basis to
include, among other things, crew services, maintenance, insurance, fuel,
support services and associated overhead. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Schultz
has paid to Starbucks a deposit of $498,477, equal to one and one-half times the
estimated monthly costs for his personal use of the aircraft. The agreement also
provides for Mr. Schultz to pay to Starbucks, in advance each month, the
estimated costs for his personal use of the aircraft in the upcoming month. In
the last month of fiscal 2013, Mr. Schultz paid Starbucks $332,318 for his
estimated personal use for the first month of fiscal 2014. For limited flights,
if any, for which Mr. Schultz is not permitted by the Federal Aviation
Administration to reimburse Starbucks on a fully allocated basis, he reimburses
Starbucks for twice the cost of fuel under a separate time sharing agreement
between the Company and Mr. Schultz. At the end of each fiscal year the actual
costs required to be paid by Mr. Schultz under these agreements will be
reconciled with the amounts advanced by Mr. Schultz. Starbucks also entered into a hangar space lease with an entity owned by Mr. Schultz
(“Tenant”) under  which Starbucks will lease a portion of the Company’s hangar to the Tenant  for parking the aircraft and
Starbucks will receive rent calculated based on a  pro-rata portion of the maintenance, utilities and other expenses paid by Starbucks for the hangar. For
fiscal 2014, rent under the hangar space lease is estimated to be approximately
$23,000 per month, subject to adjustment based on Starbucks actual costs. The
hangar space lease terminates no later than the tenth anniversary of Mr.
Schultz’s discontinuation of day-to-day activities in Starbucks management or
the expiration of the underlying ground lease on which the hangar is
located. The hangar space lease is subject to approval by the lessor of the ground lease on which the hangar is located. Additionally, (i) each of Starbucks and Mr. Schultz entered into
separate non-exclusive sublease agreements for the aircraft with Sublessor and
(ii) Starbucks and Mr. Schultz entered into a support services agreement
to take effect upon the termination of the exclusive sublease agreement
described above and to continue for a period of ten years after Mr. Schultz’s
discontinuation of day-to-day activities in Starbucks management. Under this
follow-on arrangement, Mr. Schultz will sublease the aircraft directly from the
Sublessor and operate it (using support services provided by the Company) for
all flights (other than business flights operated by Starbucks) and will be
responsible for all costs associated with the aircraft other than the direct
operating cost of Starbucks flights. Starbucks will pay to Sublessor hourly rent
(under a formula based on the amount of hours the aircraft is flown). Under the
support services agreement, Mr. Schultz will pay Starbucks a fee for support
services and will also be responsible for all aircraft operating costs,
including crew services, maintenance, insurance, fuel and associated overhead
that are required to enable Mr. Schultz to operate his own personal flights. The
support services fee to be paid to Starbucks under the support services
agreement will be determined based on market rates when the agreement takes
effect based on an evaluation of third-party support/management fees for support
services similar to those provided under the support services
agreement. The Audit Committee and independent
members of the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the transaction pursuant
to our Policy for the Review and Approval of Related-Person Transactions
Required to Be Disclosed in Proxy Statements. 54 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
OF COMMON STOCK The following table sets forth
information concerning the “beneficial ownership” of our common stock by (i)
those persons who we know to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding
common stock; (ii) our current directors and nominees; (iii) the “named
executive officers” listed in the Summary Compensation Table ; and (iv) all of
our current directors and executive officers as a group. Under SEC rules,
“beneficial ownership” for purposes of this table takes into account shares as
to which the individual has or shares voting and/or investment power as well as
shares that may be acquired within 60 days (such as by exercising vested stock
options) and is different from beneficial ownership for purposes of Section 16
of the Exchange Act, which may result in a number that is different than the
beneficial ownership number reported in forms filed pursuant to Section 16.
Information is provided as of December 9, 2013. An asterisk in the percent of
class column indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1%. The beneficial
owners listed have sole voting and investment power with respect to shares
beneficially owned, except as to the interests of spouses or as otherwise
indicated. Total Deferred
      Stock Beneficial Percent Name of Beneficial Owner Shares (1) Options (2) Units (3) Ownership (4) of
      Class (5) Directors and Officers Howard Schultz 19,350,624 6 3,124,653 0 22,475,277 2.96% William W. Bradley 8,245 122,862 8,149 139,256 * Robert M. Gates 3,300 0 6,620 9,920 * Mellody Hobson 167,992 7 153,825 0 321,817 * Kevin R. Johnson 29,359 26,655 0 56,014 * Olden Lee 18,922 211,637 4,840 235,399 * Joshua Cooper Ramo 5,499 20,000 4,840 30,339 * James G. Shennan, Jr. 248,484 8 113,072 10,435 371,991 * Clara Shih 0 3,348 8,249 11,597 * Javier G. Teruel 12,600 264,175 10,435 287,210 * Myron E. Ullman, III 10,000 265,998 0 275,998 * Craig E. Weatherup 38,813 9 265,998 0 304,811 * Troy Alstead 51,151 0 0 51,151 * Clifford Burrows 67,892 164,991 0 232,883 * John Culver 112,786 137,591 0 250,377 * Jeff Hansberry 36,638 99,129 0 135,767 * Michelle Gass 0 0 0 0 * All current directors and executive
      officers as a group (17
      persons) 20,214,174 5,099,746 53,568 25,367,488 3.32% (1) Represents the number of
      shares of common stock beneficially owned on December 9, 2013. For “All current directors and executive officers as a group,” includes 2,096 shares of common stock issuable to an executive officer upon settlement of
      restricted stock unit awards vesting within 60 days of December 9,
      2013. (2) Represents options that were
      exercisable on December 9, 2013 and options that become exercisable within
      60 days of December 9, 2013. (3) Represents the number of
      common stock units held under our Deferred Compensation Plan for
      Non-Employee Directors. (4) None of the shares listed
      have been pledged as security. (5) Based on 756,794,524 shares
      of Starbucks common stock outstanding on December 9, 2013. Percent of
      class as of December 9, 2013 is calculated for each person and group by
      dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by the sum of the total
      shares outstanding plus the number of shares subject to securities
      beneficially owned by that person or group. (6) Includes 637,650 shares of
      common stock held by the Schultz Family Foundation as to which Mr. Schultz
      disclaims beneficial ownership and 295,000 shares held by a family-owned
      limited liability company. (7) Includes 141,573 shares of
      common stock held by The GWL Living Trust as to which Ms. Hobson disclaims
      beneficial ownership. (8) Consists of 62,440 shares
      held by Shennan Family Investments LLC, a limited liability company in
      which Mr. Shennan is a manager, 156,044 shares held by Shennan LLC, a
      limited liability company in which Mr. Shennan is a manager and 30,000
      shares held in a trust in which Mr. Shennan or his spouse is a trustee for
      the benefit of members of the Shennan family. (9) Consists of shares held in a
      trust of which Mr. Weatherup and his wife are trustees for the benefit of
      members of the Weatherup family. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 55 SECTION 16(A)
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers,
and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock, to file
reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the
SEC. Our directors, executive officers and greater-than-10% shareholders are
required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports
that they file. We file Section 16(a) reports on behalf of our directors and
executive officers to report their initial and subsequent changes in beneficial
ownership of our common stock. To our knowledge, based solely on a
review of the reports we filed on behalf of our directors and executive
officers, written representations from these persons that no other reports were
required and all Section 16(a) reports provided to us, we believe that during
fiscal 2013 our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10% of
our common stock filed the required reports on a timely basis under Section
16(a), except for one Form 5 to report a gift transaction that was inadvertently
filed late on behalf of Olden Lee. ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION Expenses of
Solicitation. We will bear the expense
of preparing, printing and mailing this proxy statement and the proxies we
solicit. Proxies will be solicited by mail, telephone, personal contact and
electronic means and may also be solicited by directors, officers and Starbucks
partners in person, by the Internet, by telephone or by facsimile transmission,
without additional remuneration. We have retained Alliance Advisors, LLC to act
as a proxy solicitor in conjunction with the annual meeting. We have agreed to
pay Alliance $18,500, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, for proxy
solicitation services. We also will request brokerage firms,
banks, nominees, custodians and fiduciaries to forward proxy materials to the
beneficial owners of shares of our stock as of the record date and will
reimburse them for the cost of forwarding the proxy materials in accordance with
customary practice. Your cooperation in promptly voting
your shares and submitting your proxy by the Internet or telephone, or by
completing and returning the enclosed proxy card (if you received your proxy
materials in the mail), will help to avoid additional expense. Internet
Voting. The Company is incorporated
under Washington law, which specifically permits electronically transmitted
proxies, provided that the transmission set forth or be submitted with
information from which it can reasonably be determined that the transmission was
authorized by the shareholder. The electronic voting procedures provided for the
Annual Meeting are designed to authenticate each shareholder by use of a control
number to allow shareholder to vote their shares and to confirm that their
instructions have been properly recorded. INTERNET
AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS Under SEC rules, Starbucks has
elected to make our proxy materials available to the majority of our
shareholders over the Internet rather than mailing paper copies of those
materials to each shareholder. On and before January 24, 2014, we mailed to the
majority of our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials (the “Notice”) directing shareholders to a website where they can access the proxy statement for
our 2014 annual meeting and fiscal 2013 annual report to shareholders and view
instructions on how to vote their shares via the Internet or by phone. If you
received the Notice only and would like to receive a paper copy of the proxy
materials, please follow the instructions printed on the Notice to request that
a paper copy be mailed to you. 56 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION PROPOSALS OF
SHAREHOLDERS Pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8,
shareholder proposals intended for inclusion in our 2015 proxy statement and
acted upon at our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “2015 Annual
Meeting”) must be received by us at our executive offices at 2401 Utah Avenue
South, Mail Stop S-LA1, Seattle, Washington 98134, Attention: Corporate
Secretary, on or prior to September 26, 2014. Shareholder proposals submitted for
consideration at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders but not submitted for
inclusion in our proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting pursuant to SEC
Rule 14a-8, including shareholder nominations for candidates for election as
directors, generally must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at our
executive offices not later than 120 days nor earlier than 150 days before the
first anniversary of the date of the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. As a
result, any notice given by a shareholder pursuant to the provisions of our bylaws (other than notice
pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8) must be received no earlier than October 20, 2014,
and no later than November 19, 2014. However, if the date of the 2015 Annual
Meeting occurs more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after March 19,
2015, notice by the shareholder of a proposal must be delivered no earlier than
the close of business on the 150 th day prior to the date of such
annual meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the
120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first
public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is less than 100 days
prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10 th day following the
day on which we first make a public announcement of the date of the annual
meeting. Shareholder proposals or nominations must include the specified
information concerning the shareholder and the proposal or nominee as described
in our bylaws. SHAREHOLDERS SHARING
THE SAME ADDRESS We have adopted a procedure called
“householding,” which has been approved by the SEC. Under this procedure, we
will deliver only one copy of our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials, and for those shareholders that received a paper copy of proxy
materials in the mail, one copy of our fiscal 2013 annual report to shareholders
and this proxy statement, to multiple shareholders who share the same address
(if they appear to be members of the same family) unless we have received
contrary instructions from an affected shareholder. Shareholders who participate
in householding will continue to receive separate proxy cards if they received a
paper copy of proxy materials in the mail. This procedure reduces our printing
costs, mailing costs and fees, and also supports our environmental goals set
forth in our annual report on Global Responsibility. If you are a shareholder, share an
address and last name with one or more other shareholders and would like to
revoke your householding consent or you are a shareholder eligible for
householding and would like to participate in householding, please contact
Broadridge, either by calling toll free at (800) 542-1061 or by writing to
Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717.
You will be removed from the householding program within 30 days of receipt of
the revocation of your consent. A number of brokerage firms have
instituted householding. If you hold your shares in “street name,” please
contact your bank, broker or other holder of record to request information about
householding. Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy Statement 57 ANNUAL REPORT TO
SHAREHOLDERS AND FORM 10-K The fiscal 2013 annual report to
shareholders, including our 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, is being mailed
with this proxy statement to those shareholders that received a copy of the
proxy materials in the mail. For those shareholders that received the Notice of
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, this proxy statement and our fiscal
2013 annual report to shareholders are available at our website at http://investor.starbucks.com .
Additionally, and in accordance with SEC rules, you may access our proxy
statement at www.proxyvote.com . The 2013
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits filed with it are available on our
website at http://investor.starbucks.com .
Upon written request by any shareholder to Investor Relations at the address
listed below, we will furnish, without charge, a copy of the fiscal 2013 annual
report to shareholders, including the financial statements and the related
footnotes. The Company’s copying costs will be charged if exhibits to the 2013
Annual Report on Form 10-K are requested. Starbucks Corporation Investor
Relations - Mailstop EX4 P.O. Box 34067 Seattle, Washington
98124-1067 (206)
318-7118 investorrelations@starbucks.com http://investor.starbucks.com By order of the board of directors, Lucy Lee Helm executive vice president,
      general counsel and secretary Seattle, Washington January 24, 2014 Web links and QR codes throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of this proxy statement. 58 Starbucks
      Corporation 2014 Proxy
      Statement WE SHARE
      YOUR COMMITMENT TO THE ENVIRONMENT. We’re taking action because we believe
      it’s important to help care for our planet, and we’ll encourage and work
      with others to do the same. As a company that relies on an agricultural
      product with the potential to be impacted by changes in climate, Starbucks
      is committed to reduce its operating costs and increase shareholder value
      through energy and water efficiency, and believes we should reflect the
      values of our customers and our partners, we believe it simply makes good
      business sense. We have used 30% post-consumer waste
recycled paper for the proxy statement and Form 10-K, 100% post-consumer waste
recycled paper for the annual report, and soy-based inks on all proxy materials.
This, combined with our adoption of electronic delivery of proxy materials, has
reduced the impact on the environment by: Using
      approximately 480 fewer tons of wood, or 3,100 fewer trees Using
      approximately 4.1 billion fewer BTUs, or the equivalent of the amount of
      energy used by 45 homes for one full year Using
      approximately 700,000 fewer pounds of greenhouse gases, including carbon
      dioxide, or the equivalent of 60 automobiles running for one
  year Saving
      approximately 2.9 million gallons of water, or the equivalent of
      approximately 100 swimming pools Saving
      approximately 240,000 pounds of solid waste Reducing
      hazardous air pollutants by approximately 350
pounds TICKETING AND
      TRANSPORTATION INFORMATION FOR THE STARBUCKS CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL
      MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date: Wednesday, March 19,
2014 Time: 10:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) -
Doors open at 8:00 a.m. (Pacific Time) Place: Marion Oliver McCaw Hall at
Seattle Center, 321 Mercer Street, Seattle, Washington 98109 Admission
Requirements: As noted in this document,
to be admitted to the meeting you will be required to present a
government-issued photo identification (such as a driver’s license or passport)
and either: The Notice of Internet Availability
  of Proxy Materials, or; The admission ticket enclosed with
  the paper copy of the proxy materials, or; Other proof of share ownership as of
  the January 9, 2014 record date. Shareholders holding shares in a
joint account may be admitted to the meeting if they provide proof of joint
ownership and both shareholders follow the admission requirements described
above. We will not be able to accommodate non-shareholder guests at the annual
meeting. How to Vote: Whether or not you plan to attend the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we urge you to vote and submit your proxy in
advance of the meeting by one of the methods below. By Internet: go to
  www.proxyvote.com; By toll-free telephone: call
  1-800-690-6903; or By mail (if you received a paper
  copy of the proxy materials by mail): mark, sign, date and promptly mail the
  enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope. Shareholders may also vote in person
at the annual meeting. If you are a registered shareholder (that is, you hold
your shares in your name), you must present valid identification to vote at the
meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (that is, your shares are held in
the name of a broker, bank or other holder of record), you will also need to
obtain a “legal proxy” from the holder of record to vote at the
meeting. Please Note: As always, we anticipate a large
  number of attendees at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
  cannot guarantee seating. Shareholders may also log
  onto a live video webcast of the meeting; please see details on our Investor Relations website at
  http://investor.starbucks.com. Due to the Alaskan Way Viaduct and
  Mercer West projects, there is significant construction in the area around
  McCaw Hall, which may impact
  traffic and parking options. Parking/Directions from Interstate
5 (I-5) to the Mercer Street Garage (650 3rd Avenue North): Parking is available at the Mercer
Street Garage, conveniently located across the street from McCaw Hall. A covered
skybridge provides easy access between level C of the garage and McCaw Hall.
Driving directions from I-5 are provided immediately below. Take the Mercer Street exit (exit
167) and travel westbound on Mercer Street toward the Seattle Center. After
several blocks you will be diverted onto Broad Street. Continue on Broad Street
and then turn right onto Harrison Street. Take the first right onto
5 th Avenue; after three blocks, turn left onto Roy Street; take the
second left onto 3 rd Avenue. The garage entrance will be on your left
on 3 rd Avenue between Mercer Street and Roy Street. For more information on local
transportation to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, please visit www.seattlecenter.com/transportation . STARBUCKS CORPORATION 2401
UTAH AVENUE SOUTH SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98134 ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs as well as the
environmental impact of mailing proxy materials, we encourage you to consent to
receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports
electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery,
please follow the instructions below to vote using the Internet and, when
prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials
electronically in future years. VOTE BY INTERNET - go to www.proxyvote.com or scan the above QR code from your mobile
device Use the Internet to transmit your
voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59
P.M. Eastern Time the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand
when you access the website and follow the instructions. VOTE BY PHONE -
1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone
telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time
the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and
then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the
postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o
Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. VOTE IN PERSON If you are a registered shareholder (that is, you hold your
shares in your name), you must present valid identification to vote at the
meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (that is, your shares are held in
the name of a broker, bank or other holder of record), you will also need to
obtain a "legal proxy" from the holder of record to vote at the
meeting. TO VOTE, MARK
      BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: M65214-P45030 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR
      RECORDS DETACH AND
      RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND
      DATED. STARBUCKS
      CORPORATION The Board of Directors
      recommends you vote FOR the following proposals: 1. Election of Directors Nominees: For Against Abstain 1a. Howard
      Schultz ¨ ¨ ¨ 1b. William W. Bradley ¨ ¨ ¨ 1c. Robert
      M. Gates ¨ ¨ ¨ 1d. Mellody Hobson ¨ ¨ ¨ 1e. Kevin
      R. Johnson ¨ ¨ ¨ 1f. Olden
      Lee ¨ ¨ ¨ 1g. Joshua
      Cooper Ramo ¨ ¨ ¨ 1h. James
      G. Shennan, Jr. ¨ ¨ ¨ 1i. Clara
      Shih ¨ ¨ ¨ For address changes and/or comments, please check this box and
      write them on the back where indicated. ¨ For Against Abstain 1j. Javier G. Teruel ¨ ¨ ¨ 1k. Myron
      E. Ullman, III ¨ ¨ ¨ 1l. Craig
      E. Weatherup ¨ ¨ ¨ 2. Advisory resolution to approve our executive
compensation. ¨ ¨ ¨ 3. Ratification of selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
      independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2014. ¨ ¨ ¨ The Board of Directors recommends you vote AGAINST the following
      shareholder proposals: For Against Abstain 4. Prohibit political spending. ¨ ¨ ¨ 5. Independent Board Chairman. ¨ ¨ ¨ Please sign exactly as your
      name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor,
      administrator, or other duciary, please give full title as such. Joint
      owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a
      corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership
      name by authorized officer. Signature
      [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint
      Owners) Date Important Notice Regarding the
Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders: The Notice and Proxy
Statement and Fiscal 2013 Annual Report are available at
www.proxyvote.com. M65215-P45030 STARBUCKS CORPORATION Annual Meeting of
Shareholders March 19, 2014 10:00 AM Pacific Time This proxy is solicited
by the Board of Directors The shareholder(s) hereby appoint(s)
Howard Schultz and Lucy Lee Helm, or either of them, as proxies, each with the
power to appoint his/her substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and
to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this proxy, all of the shares of
stock of STARBUCKS CORPORATION that the shareholder(s) is/are entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held at 10:00 AM, PT on Wednesday,
March 19, 2014, at the Marion Oliver McCaw Hall, Seattle Center, 321 Mercer
Street, Seattle, WA 98109, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This
proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein and,
in the proxyholders' discretion, upon any other business that properly comes
before the meeting. If no such direction is
made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors'
recommendations. Address
    Changes/Comments: (If you noted any Address
      Changes/Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the reverse
      side.) Continued and to be signed on
reverse side