DEF 14A 1 nc10007408x1_def14a.htm DEF 14A UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 VENTAS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: 2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which
          the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): 4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 5) Total fee paid: ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for
          which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 1) Amount Previously Paid: 2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: 3) Filing Party: 4) Date Filed: TABLE OF CONTENTS Page // PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2 Financial and
                Operating Performance 2 Portfolio Highlights 3 ESG Leadership and
                Recognition 5 Corporate Governance Highlights 10 // PROPOSAL 1: SAY ON PAY VOTE 11 // OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 16 Criteria for Board
                Membership 16 Annual Board Evaluation Process 18 // PROPOSAL 2: DIRECTOR ELECTIONS 19 Director Skills
                Matrix 20 Board Leadership
                Structure 21 Board Meetings 22 Board Committees 23 Director Biographies 26 // CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 32 Governance Policies 32 Voluntary Adoption of
                Proxy Access 32 Transactions with
                Related Persons 32 Compensation
                Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 32 Risk Management 33 Public Policy Matters 34 Contacting the Board
                of Directors 35 // NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 35 Cash Compensation 35 Equity-Based
                Compensation 36 Review of
                Non-Employee Director Compensation 36 Minimum Share
                Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors 36 2019 Non-Employee Director Compensation Table 37 // PROPOSAL 3: AUDITOR RATIFICATION 38 Audit Committee
                Report 38 Audit and Non-Audit
                Fees 39 Policy on
                Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 39 // OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 40 Page // COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 42 Executive Summary 42 Executive
                Compensation Philosophy 48 Objectives of Our
                Compensation Program 48 Benchmarking and
                Comparable Companies 48 Proactive Investor
                Outreach 49 Compensation Mix 53 Elements of Our
                Compensation Program 53 Other Policies 66 // COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 66 // COMPENSATION TABLES 67 2019 Summary
                Compensation Table 67 2019 Grants of
                Plan-Based Awards Table 68 2019 Outstanding
                Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 69 2019 Options
                Exercised and Stock Vested Table 71 Employment and
                Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers 71 Potential Payments
                Upon Termination or Change of Control 74 Equity Compensation
                Plan Information 76 // CEO PAY RATIO 77 // TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 77 // SECURITIES OWNERSHIP 78 Directors, Director
                Nominees and Executive Officers 78 Principal
                Stockholders 79 Delinquent
                Section 16(a) Reports 79 // 2020 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 80 Questions and Answers 81 Electronic Document
                Delivery to Stockholders 81 // REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS, DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS 82 // ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 82 // ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL   MEASURES RECONCILIATION A-1 PORTFOLIO HIGHLIGHTS Research & Innovation (R&I) Ventas is the leading owner of university-based R&I real estate in the U.S. With the increasing speed of
      biomedical and genetic innovation to support the growing prevalence of chronic disease—more than 50% of Americans will suffer from multiple chronic conditions by 2030—these vibrant, amenity-rich knowledge communities are home to the leading academic
      institutions who are driving the dynamic convergence of medicine, cutting-edge research and technology. In 2019, Ventas established a new platform for growth when it completed its investment in Le Groupe Maurice (“LGM”), one of Canada’s most celebrated best-in-class, fully
      integrated designer, developer and operators of seniors housing throughout its 20-year history. Known for its service, quality and innovation, LGM’s Class A portfolio of purpose-built high-quality, apartment-like seniors housing communities is
      located in the attractive Quebec market. Ventas also has the exclusive right to fund and own future developments in partnership with LGM. Each LGM community maintains a distinctive architecture designed to integrate with the surrounding community, and bears a name with local significance. Each community is approximately
    300 to 400 units, and is built on sites offering easy access to retail, restaurants, transport and other amenities. The buildings are highly amenitized, and include features like golf simulators, bowling alleys, full-service pharmacies and convenience
    stores, pools large enough for lap swimming, and indoor and outdoor gardens. The unit mix heavily favors independent living and includes a small care component. esg leadership and recognition ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE our EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We are submitting to our stockholders a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to the SEC’s
    compensation disclosure rules. This summary highlights important information regarding our 2019 executive compensation program. It does not include all the information that you should consider.
            Before voting, you should carefully read the entire Proxy Statement and other pertinent documents, including our 2019 Form 10-K. Executive Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation philosophy is to closely link compensation to performance by emphasizing performance-based incentive compensation over fixed cash compensation, so that
    the vast majority of total direct compensation is variable and not guaranteed. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives, create alignment with stockholders and reward executives for the
    achievement of pre-established company objectives combined with tailored individual goals, consistent with our strategic plan. In 2019, our compensation decisions once again reflected strong alignment between pay and performance. In determining the incentive compensation paid to our Named Executive
    Officers for 2019, our Executive Compensation Committee (the “Compensation Committee”) of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), which is responsible for evaluating and setting the compensation of our Named Executive Officers other than the Chief
    Executive Officer (“CEO”), and the independent members of our Board, who are responsible for evaluating and setting the compensation for our CEO pursuant to our Guidelines on Governance (the Compensation Committee and the independent members of our
    Board are collectively referred to as the “Compensation Board Members” herein), rigorously evaluated company and individual performance relative to the pre-established goals under our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans. Responsiveness to Stockholder Feedback and Pay Alignment In late 2019 we continued our extensive stockholder outreach program to 50 of our largest investors (holding ~71% of our shares); our Compensation Committee Chairman was an
    active participant. We received varied and diverse constructive feedback from our investors during this outreach program, largely centering on investors’ desire to see strong pay and performance alignment in connection with our 2019 and three-year TSR
    performance, which fell short of our expectations on a full-period basis after an excellent start through the first three quarters of 2019 and 11 of 12 quarters in the three-year period ending December 31, 2019; having been impacted negatively in the
    final quarter of both measurement periods. Our responsive actions are detailed below. Our strong pay-for-performance linkage, and alignment of our realized executive pay with stockholder outcomes, were clearly demonstrated upon the first vesting event that occurred at the
    end of 2019 under our forward-looking long-term equity incentive compensation program that we redesigned in response to investor feedback in early 2017. Both formulaic pay inputs, as well as discretionary decisions made by our Compensation Board
    Members, reinforced that linkage. Although our TSR was strong in 11 out of the 12 quarters and we attained positive 2.5% three-year compound annual TSR during the three-year period ending December 31, 2019, our stock
    price performance fell meaningfully in the last quarter of 2019, which had a material impact on our executive compensation results as well as our 2020 executive compensation decisions, as outlined below. Forfeiture of 2017-2019 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit (“pRSU”) Awards and Dividend Equivalents Due to Below-Threshold Performance Our carefully crafted compensation plan is working as intended to align our Named Executive Officers’ realized compensation with the returns delivered to stockholders over the same
    period. The primary performance metrics for these first pRSU awards were relative TSR compared to two different peer group indices, both of which finished below threshold and resulted in more than 70% of the awards paying out at zero . Collectively, our three current Named Executive Officers who received 2017 pRSU awards therefore forfeited over $6.2 million of equity compensation, comprised of $5,464,658 equity
    ($62.22 pRSU grant date stock price multiplied by the number of forfeited shares linked to relative TSR goals awarded at the target level in 2017) and $760,151 related dividend equivalents, as detailed in the table below. More than $3.75 million of the
    total equity and dividend equivalent forfeiture amount is attributed to Ms. Cafaro. Name Forfeited TSR pRSUs (Total 2017 Target) Forfeited pRSUs (Value at $62.22 Grant Price) Dividend Equivalent Forfeiture Total Forfeiture Value Debra A. Cafaro 53,107 $ 3,304,318 $ 459,641 $ 3,763,959 Robert F. Probst 17,503 1,089,037 151,488 1,240,525 John D. Cobb 17,218 1,071,304 149,022 1,220,326 Total 87,828 $ 5,464,658 $ 760,151 $ 6,224,810 The forfeiture amounts above are not reflected in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement. SEC rules require us to report the grant date fair value
    of equity awards at the target level, regardless of actual award attainment levels or realized value. Discretionary Actions Taken to Align Pay and Performance In addition to significant reductions to realized 2019 equity pay for the CEO and other Named Executive Officers due to the forfeiture of a majority of the 2017 pRSUs and
    related dividend equivalents as detailed above, our Compensation Board Members implemented several actions in recognition of the end-of-year decline in our stock price and in response to 2020 investor feedback regarding pay and performance alignment. Negative Discretion Exercised Regarding CEO Annual Cash Incentive The Compensation Board Members applied negative discretion to materially reduce the CEO’s 2019 annual cash incentive award, to below the target level, despite above-target
    performance on both her quantitative and qualitative 2019 annual goals. This resulted in a 50% reduction in her earned annual cash incentive award, which reduced her payout by nearly $1.8 million . Specifically, based upon actual 2019 annual cash incentive award performance with respect to the pre-established quantitative goals and attainment at 90% of the maximum level with
    respect to our CEO’s qualitative individual performance goals, as measured by our Compensation Board Members, and reflecting Ms. Cafaro’s outstanding long-term performance and current value to the Company, her short-term annual cash incentive award
    payout would have been $3,579,263, or 166% of her target award and 92% of her maximum award for fiscal 2019 performance. However, as a result of Company’s three-year relative TSR underperformance that primarily occurred in the final quarter of 2019, and in order to demonstrate even greater alignment
    between CEO pay and results for stockholders, the Compensation Board Members exercised negative discretion with respect to our CEO’s attainment of both the quantitative and qualitative performance goals under the 2019 annual cash incentive award,
    reducing her 2019 payout by 50% overall, to $1,789,631, which is 83% of her target award and 46% of her maximum award. This 2019 payout, made as the result of the exercise of negative discretion by the Compensation Board Members, is also $1.6 million less than the average short-term incentive payout
    received by the CEO the preceding three-year period, and is her lowest short-term incentive payout since 2008. No 2020 Merit Increases for Top Three Named Executive Officers In addition, our Compensation Board Members demonstrated accountability for TSR performance by approving zero merit increases to all 2020 compensation components for our three
    highest-paid Named Executive Officers, including keeping Ms. Cafaro’s base salary at the same level as it has been since 2015. Enhanced 2020 Short-Term and Long-Term Metric Selection and Goal Setting Finally, to align executive pay with attainment of our most critical objectives and in response to investor feedback, our Compensation Board Members also made several
    stockholder-focused changes to the goals and weightings of the 2020 annual cash incentive and long-term equity incentive compensation plans, consistent with our strategic plan. Changes to the performance goals for the 2020 annual cash incentive award program as compared to 2019 are as follows: (i) eliminated the Fixed Charge Coverage goal, (ii)
    eliminated the Research & Innovation Development Growth goal, (iii) reduced weighting of the Normalized FFO per Share goal from 40% to 30%, (iv) added Liquidity management goal at 15% weighting, (v) added Development Investment goal at 10%
    weighting to incent timely progress on the Company’s R&I development pipeline and (vi) added a Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA goal at 10% weighting to ensure the Company maintains financial strength and flexibility. The 2020 pRSUs as compared to 2019: (i) retained the same two relative TSR metrics at identical weighting and performance levels, meaning that greater than 70% of the pRSU
    value for our Named Executive Officers continues to be tied to rigorous relative TSR metrics, (ii) eliminated the three-year Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA goal (one-year goal was added to the annual cash incentive plan), (iii) added a
    three-year Research & Innovation Pipeline Openings goal at 11.7% weighting for the CEO and 10% weighting for all other Named Executive Officers to incent on-time delivery of these development projects and (iv) included quantitative Gender Balance
    goal focused on improving the Company’s representation of women employees was added at 6.9% weighting for the CEO and 6% weighting for all other Named Executive Officers to incent ESG performance. All the 2019 and 2020 responsive actions and improvements to our executive compensation program are further detailed below in the “Proactive Investor Outreach” section of the
    Compensation Discussion and Analysis. CEO Pay Alignment with TSR This graph illustrates our long-term pay-for-performance alignment by comparing our CEO’s Total Direct Compensation to our TSR performance (indexed to a 2014 base year) for each of the
    past five years. “Total Direct Compensation” includes, for the applicable year, base salary, earned annual cash incentive awards, the value of equity incentive awards and “All Other Compensation” as reported in the Summary Compensation Table. This
    graph differs from compensation reported in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in the following respects: // For 2014-2016, the period during which our backward-looking plan was in effect, the graph aligns the value of long-term equity
          incentive awards with the performance year for which they were earned, rather than the year in which they were granted ( e.g. , long-term equity incentive awards granted in January 2017 for 2016 performance are shown in the graph above as
          2016 compensation), consistent with the manner in which our Compensation Board Members evaluated compensation and pay-for-performance under the previous backward-looking plan for our Named Executive Officers. // For 2017-2019, when our current forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan went into effect, we report the grant date fair value of
          time-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and pRSUs (approximating target level of performance) granted in 2017-2019 that may be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance relative to three-year goals measured during the applicable
          performance periods. Actual payouts occur in the year following the end of each applicable performance period and range from 0% - 220% of the target value. // The 2019 figure depicts the CEO’s $3,763,959 realized reduction in pay resulting from earning 0 pRSUs under the TSR metrics upon
          completion of the first full 2017-2019 pRSU performance period, meaning that our CEO received zero payout with respect to greater than 70% of the total award. This $3,763,959 figure is comprised of $3,304,318 equity ($62.22 pRSU grant date stock
          price multiplied by 53,107 forfeited shares linked to relative TSR goals at the target level in 2017) and $459,641 related dividend equivalents. These forfeiture amounts are not reflected in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy
            Statement. SEC reporting rules require us to report the grant date fair value of equity awards at the target level, regardless of actual award attainment levels or realized value. // The 2017 figure excludes a one-time time-based RSU transition award received by our CEO, which was designed to partially mitigate the impact of a reduction in
          the realized pay for our CEO in 2018 and 2019 resulting from the transition from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a stockholder-focused forward-looking plan because the new forward-looking award did not pay out, if at all,
          until 2020 and later. This award is excluded because it was one-time in nature, has not recurred and the Compensation Committee does not view such awards as a continuing feature of the long-term equity incentive plan. 2019 Compensation Practices at a Glance Our Compensation Board Members have carefully evaluated our overall executive compensation program and believe that it is well designed to achieve our objectives of retaining talented
    executives and rewarding superior performance in the context of our business risk environment. By maintaining a performance- and achievement-oriented environment that provides the opportunity to earn market-competitive levels of compensation, we
    believe that our executive compensation program is structured optimally to support our goal to deliver sustained, superior returns to stockholders. Moreover, the Compensation Board Members’ ability and discipline in exercising negative discretion when
    appropriate to better align our realized executive pay with stockholder outcomes enhanced the effectiveness of our overall executive compensation program. Both 2019 compensation, in light of our fourth quarter 2019 underperformance, and our exceptional
    long-term performance demonstrate the success of this program and application. Based on the information provided above and elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, we believe our executive compensation program is designed appropriately to support our key objectives.
    Accordingly, our Board recommends that stockholders vote in favor of the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual
    Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the 2019 Summary Compensation Table, the accompanying compensation tables and the related narrative disclosure.” The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation.
    Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against such proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. Although the results of the stockholder vote on this proposal are non-binding, the Board values continuing and constructive feedback from
    our stockholders on compensation. Our Compensation Board Members will consider the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation decisions. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board provides guidance and oversight with respect to our financial and operating performance, strategic plans, key corporate policies and decisions and enterprise risk management.
    Among other matters, our Board considers and approves significant acquisitions, dispositions and other transactions and advises and counsels senior management on key financial and business objectives. Members of the Board monitor our progress with
    respect to these matters on a regular basis, including through presentations made at Board and committee meetings by our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and other members of senior management. Independence Our Guidelines on Governance require that at least a majority of the members of our Board meet the criteria for independence under the rules and regulations of the NYSE. For a director
    to be considered independent under the NYSE’s listing standards, the director must satisfy certain bright-line tests, and the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. Not less than
    annually, our Board evaluates the independence of each non-management director on a case-by-case basis by considering any matters that could affect his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director,
    including all transactions and relationships between that director, members of his or her family and organizations with which that director or family members have an affiliation, on the one hand, and us, our subsidiaries and our management, on the
    other hand. Any such matters are evaluated from the standpoint of both the director and the persons or organizations with which the director has an affiliation. Each director abstains from participating in the determination of his or her independence. Based on its most recent review, the Board has affirmatively determined that each of our non-employee directors has no direct or indirect material relationship with us and qualify as
    independent under the NYSE’s listing standards. Ms. Cafaro is not considered independent under the NYSE listing standards due to her employment as our CEO. In evaluating the independence of Mr. Lustig, the Board considered that he is employed by Lazard Freres & Co. LLC (“Lazard”), which is a large multi-national
    financial institution that, with its affiliates, has engaged in financial advisory and investment banking services for the Company and its subsidiaries, for which it may receive customary compensation, fees and expense reimbursement. However, the Board
    did not believe that the Company’s relationship with Lazard impacted the independence of Mr. Lustig for the following reasons: // Lazard is a large multi-national financial institution and the Company has had a relationship with Lazard for many years prior to Mr. Lustig’s
          appointment to the Board; // Mr. Lustig had no involvement (either in his capacity as a director of the Company or as an employee of Lazard) in the selection of Lazard to provide the
          services described above or the terms or pricing of any such services; and // Amounts paid by the Company to Lazard for the services described above would represent an immaterial percentage of Lazard’s and its affiliates’ gross
          revenues, and would be well below the amounts that would preclude a finding of independence under the NYSE listing standards. Diversity In evaluating potential director candidates, the Nominating Committee considers different perspectives, skill sets, education, ages, genders, ethnic origins and business experience in
    its annual nomination process. In general, the Nominating Committee seeks to include on our Board a complementary mix of individuals with diverse backgrounds, knowledge and viewpoints reflecting the broad set of challenges that the Board confronts
    without representing any particular interest group or constituency. Our Guidelines on Governance provide that, in general, nominees for membership on the Board should: // have demonstrated management or technical ability at high levels in successful organizations; // have experience relevant to our operations, such as real estate, REITs, healthcare, finance or general management; // be well-respected in their business and home communities; // have time to devote to Board duties; and // be independent from us and not related to our other directors or employees. Our directors are also expected to be active participants in governing our enterprise, and our Nominating Committee looks for certain characteristics common to all Board members,
    including integrity, independence, leadership ability, constructive and collegial personal attributes, candor and the ability and willingness to evaluate, challenge and stimulate. No single factor or group of factors is necessarily dispositive of whether a candidate will be recommended by our Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee considers and applies
    these same standards in evaluating individuals recommended for nomination to our Board by our stockholders in accordance with the procedures described in this Proxy Statement under “Requirements for Submission of Stockholder Proposals, Director
    Nominations and Other Business.” Our Board’s satisfaction of these criteria is implemented and assessed through ongoing consideration of directors and nominees by the Nominating Committee and the Board, as well as the Board’s annual self-evaluation
    process, as described in more detail below. Based upon these activities, our Nominating Committee and our Board believe that the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement satisfy these criteria. Capacity The Nominating Committee seeks to recommend candidates that have adequate time to devote to Board activities, recognizing that public company board of directors responsibilities command
    a significant portion of directors’ time. Accordingly, the Company maintains an overboarding policy that prohibits directors from simultaneously serving on more than four public company boards other than the Company’s Board. In addition, the Nominating Committee recognizes that Audit and Compliance Committee (“Audit Committee”) members must have adequate time to devote to Audit Committee activities, given
    that such responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time. As a result, the Company maintains a policy prohibiting Audit Committee members from simultaneously serving on more than two public company audit committees other than the
    Company’s. Tenure and Refreshment Our Nominating Committee monitors the average tenure of our Board members and seeks to achieve a variety of director tenures in order to benefit from long-tenured directors’
    institutional knowledge and newly elected directors’ fresh perspectives. The Nominating Committee and the Board have refreshed and diversified the composition of the Board over the course of the last several years through the departures of four
    directors, including our two longest-tenured directors. Ronald Geary, who was previously our longest tenured director, resigned from the Board during 2015 and Mr. Crocker retired from the Board during 2016. In addition, Doug Pasquale was not
    renominated for election at our 2017 Annual Meeting and Glenn Rufrano was not renominated at our 2018 Annual Meeting. Messrs. Crocker and Geary were replaced by Ms. Martino and Mr. Rakowich during 2016 and Mr. Nolan joined our Board on July 26, 2019. Director Resignation Policy In accordance with our Director Resignation Policy, our Board will nominate an incumbent director for reelection only if the director agrees that, in the event the director fails to
    receive the required majority vote for reelection, he or she will tender, promptly following certification of the election results, an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon acceptance by the Board. If an incumbent director fails to
    receive the required majority vote for reelection, our Nominating Committee will act on an expedited basis to determine whether to recommend acceptance or rejection of the director’s resignation and submit its recommendation for prompt consideration by
    the Board. Our Board will act on the Nominating Committee’s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC no later than 90 days following certification of the
    election results. Any director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to our Director Resignation Policy may not participate in any Nominating Committee or Board decision regarding that resignation.
    If less than a majority of the Nominating Committee members receive the required vote in favor of their reelection in the same election, then the independent directors who received the required vote will be constituted by our Board as a committee to
    consider the tendered resignation(s) and make a recommendation to the Board. However, if three or fewer independent directors receive the required vote in the same election, all directors not required by the Director Resignation Policy to tender a
    resignation may participate in considering and recommending to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation(s). Under our Guidelines on Governance, a director is required to retire at the first annual meeting of stockholders following his or her 75th birthday. On the recommendation of our
    Nominating Committee, our Board may waive this requirement as to any director if it deems a waiver to be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Sourcing Director Candidates We have from time to time retained search firms and other third parties to assist us in identifying potential candidates based on specific criteria that we provided to them, including
    the qualifications described above. We may retain search firms and other third parties on similar or other terms in the future. Annual Board Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. The Board and each of its committees conduct self-evaluations related to their performance on an annual basis. Through this process, directors provide feedback and assess Board,
    committee and director performance, including areas where the Board believes it is functioning effectively and areas where the Board believes it can improve. Our Nominating Committee supervises the annual self-evaluations and uses various processes from year to year in order to solicit feedback, including periodic in-person interviews
    conducted by the Presiding Director with each of the Board members. The Board and each committee review and discuss the evaluation results, and take this information into account when assessing the qualifications of the Board and further enhancing the
    effectiveness of the Board and its committees over time. The Nominating Committee regularly reviews the size and composition of the Board on a holistic basis, utilizing a rigorous matrix of identified skills, experiences and other criteria for
    maintaining an excellent, independent Board in light of our changing requirements and seeks nominees who, taken together as a group, possess the skills, diversity and expertise appropriate for an effective Board. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Ten directors currently serve on our Board and all are standing for reelection at the 2020 Annual Meeting. Under our Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended (our “By-Laws”), in
    uncontested elections (which is the case for the 2020 Annual Meeting), a majority of votes cast is required for the election of each director. The number of votes cast “for” a director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast “against” that
    nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes “for” or “against” a director nominee and, therefore, will have no effect. Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or
    until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Each nominee has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and has agreed to serve as a director if elected, and we expect each nominee to be able to serve if elected. If any nominee is unable
    or unwilling to accept his or her election or is unavailable to serve for any reason, the persons named as proxies will have authority, according to their judgment, to vote or refrain from voting for such alternate nominee as may be designated by the
    Board. Following the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, our Board has nominated the ten individuals listed above for election at the 2020 Annual Meeting, all of whom currently serve as
    directors. Director Skills Matrix In selecting nominees for the Board, our Nominating Committee considers the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of the current Board members and
    prospective candidates to ensure a variety of skills and qualifications are represented on the Board. The Nominating Committee monitors these represented attributes through the use of a detailed matrix that measures, among other things, skills, tenure,
    diversity and other attributes. In addition, a substantial majority of the nominees serve or have served on boards and board committees (including, in many cases, as board or committee chairs) of other public
    companies, which we believe provides them with essential leadership experience, exposure to corporate governance best practices and substantial knowledge and skills that enhance the functioning of our Board. Board Leadership Structure Our Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities under our By-Laws and Guidelines on Governance is to evaluate and determine its optimal
    leadership structure so as to provide effective oversight of management and a fully engaged, high-functioning Board. The Board understands that no single approach to Board leadership is universally accepted and that the appropriate leadership structure
    may vary based on a company’s size, industry, operations, history and culture. Consistent with this understanding, our Board, led by our Nominating Committee, annually assesses its leadership structure in light of our operating and
    governance environment at the time to achieve the optimal model for us and for our stockholders. Following its most recent review, the Board has determined that our existing leadership structure—under which our CEO also serves as Chairman of the Board
    and a Presiding Director assumes specific responsibilities on behalf of the independent directors—is effective, provides the appropriate balance of authority between those persons charged with overseeing our company and those who manage it on a
    day-to-day basis and achieves the optimal governance model for us and for our stockholders. Ms. Cafaro has served as CEO and Chairman of the Board since 2003, and our Board continues to believe that her combined role is most advantageous to us
    and our stockholders. Ms. Cafaro possesses extensive knowledge of the issues, opportunities and risks facing us, our business and our industry and has consistently demonstrated the vision and leadership necessary to focus the Board’s time and attention
    on the most critical matters and to facilitate constructive dialogue among Board members on strategic issues. Moreover, the combined roles enable decisive leadership, clear accountability and consistent communication of our message and strategy to all
    of our stakeholders. These leadership attributes are uniquely important to our company given the value to our business of opportunistic capital markets execution, our history of rapid and significant growth and our culture of proactive engagement and
    risk management. Our Guidelines on Governance require that the independent members of our Board annually select one independent director to serve as Presiding Director. Board Meetings Our Board held a total of seven meetings during 2019. Evidencing a strong commitment to our company, each director attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and
    the committees on which he or she served that were held during 2019. We strongly encourage, but do not require, directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All directors who were nominated for reelection at our 2019 Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders attended that meeting. Our independent directors meet in executive session, outside the presence of management, at each regularly scheduled quarterly Board meeting and at
    other times as necessary or desirable. The Presiding Director chairs all regularly scheduled executive sessions of the Board and all other meetings of the independent directors. Board Committees Committee Composition, Leadership Selection and Chair Rotation The Nominating Committee annually reviews and determines the makeup of the Board’s committees and committee chairs, with a view toward balancing the
    benefits derived from continuity against the benefits derived from diversity of experience and the viewpoints of each committee’s members. Our Guidelines on Governance specify a rigorous annual evaluation process to determine whether to rotate a
    committee chair after a director’s service as a particular committee chair approximates five years. This evaluation process is to be conducted on a holistic basis and a chair’s years of service on a committee is a single factor in the analysis rather
    than a sole determinant as to whether a committee’s leadership position should be rotated. Committee chair rotations may occur sooner or later than after a director has reached five years of service as a committee chair. Our Board has five standing committees that perform certain delegated functions for the Board: AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE INVESTMENT COMMITTEE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Each of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees operates under a written charter that is available in the
      Corporate Governance section of our website at www.ventasreit.com/investor-relations/corporate-governan ce . We also provide
        copies of these charters, without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Director Biographies Below is certain biographical and other information regarding the persons nominated for election as directors, which is based upon statements made or confirmed to us by or on behalf of
    these nominees, except to the extent certain information appears in our records. Ages shown for all nominees are as of the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Governance Policies Our Guidelines on Governance reflect the fundamental corporate governance principles by which our Board and its committees operate. These guidelines set forth general practices the Board
    and its committees follow with respect to structure, function, organization, composition and conduct. These guidelines are reviewed at least annually by the Nominating Committee and are updated periodically in response to changing regulatory
    requirements, evolving corporate governance practices, input from our stockholders and otherwise as circumstances warrant. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct sets forth the legal and ethical standards for conducting our business to which our directors, officers and employees, including our CEO,
    our Chief Financial Officer, and the directors, officers and employees of our subsidiaries must adhere. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct covers all significant areas of professional conduct, including employment practices, conflicts of
    interest, unfair or unethical use of corporate opportunities, protection of confidential information and other company assets, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, political activities and other public policy matters, and proper and timely
    reporting of financial results. See also “Public Policy Matters.” Our Human Rights Policy reflects our commitment to upholding human dignity and equal opportunity in all of our business functions under principles outlined in the United Nation’s
    Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our Vendor Code of Conduct is designed to educate our suppliers about our expectations for ethical and responsible business dealings, including upholding human rights, protecting health and safety and pursuing
    environmental sustainability. Our expectation is that our vendors will treat people with respect and dignity, encourage diversity, promote equal opportunity for all and create an ethical and inclusive culture. Our Guidelines on Governance, Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy and Vendor Code of Conduct are available in the Corporate Governance section of our website
    at www.ventasreit.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance . We also provide copies of our Guidelines on Governance, Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy and Vendor Code of Conduct, without charge, upon request to
    our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Waivers from, and amendments to, our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that apply to our CEO, Chief Financial Officer or persons performing
    similar functions will be timely posted on our website at www.ventasreit.com . The information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Voluntary Adoption of Proxy Access In 2017, our Board voluntarily amended and restated our By-Laws to add proxy access rights. Subject to certain requirements, a stockholder, or group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3%
    or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate and require us to include in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders director candidates constituting up to 20% of the Board, rounding down to
    the nearest whole number, but not less than two directors. Transactions with Related Persons We did not have any related party transactions during 2019. Our written Policy on Transactions with Related Persons requires that any transaction involving us in which any of our directors, officers or employees (or their immediate family
    members) has a direct or indirect material interest be approved or ratified by the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of our Board. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct requires our directors, officers and employees to disclose in
    writing to our General Counsel any existing or proposed transaction in which he or she has a personal interest, or in which there is or might appear to be a conflict of interest by reason of his or her connection to another business organization. Our
    General Counsel reviews these matters with the Presiding Director to determine whether the transaction raises a conflict of interest that warrants review and approval by the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of the Board. In determining
    whether to approve or ratify a transaction, the Audit Committee or disinterested members of the Board consider all relevant facts and circumstances available to them and other factors they deem appropriate. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During the year ended December 31, 2019, Ms. Martino and Messrs. Gilchrist and Shelton served on our Compensation Committee. No member of the Compensation Committee is, or has been,
    employed by us or our subsidiaries or is an employee of any entity for which any of our executive officers serves on the board of directors. Risk Management Management has primary responsibility for identifying and managing our exposure to risk, subject to active oversight by our Board of the processes we establish to assess, monitor and
    mitigate that exposure. The Board, directly and through its committees, routinely discusses with management our significant enterprise risks and reviews the guidelines, policies and procedures we have in place to address those risks, such as our
    approval process for acquisitions, dispositions and other investments. At Board and committee meetings, directors engage in comprehensive analyses and dialogue regarding specific areas of risk following receipt of written materials and in-depth
    presentations from management and third-party experts, including an enhanced annual enterprise risk management process and presentation to the Board to better identify risks, owners and mitigants. This process enables our Board to focus on the
    strategic, financial, operational, legal, regulatory and other risks that are most significant to us and our business in terms of likelihood and potential impact and ensures that our enterprise risks are well understood, mitigated to the extent
    reasonable and consistent with the Board’s view of our risk profile and risk tolerance. In addition to the overall risk oversight function administered directly by our Board, each of our Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Investment Committees exercises its own oversight
    related to the risks associated with the particular responsibilities of that committee: // Our Audit Committee reviews financial, accounting and internal control risks and the mechanisms through which we assess and manage risk, in
          accordance with NYSE requirements, and has certain responsibilities with respect to our compliance programs, such as our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, our Global Anti-Corruption Policy, our Political Contributions, Expenditure and
          Activity Policy and our Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy (“Securities Trading Policy”). // Our Compensation Committee, as discussed in greater detail below, evaluates whether our compensation policies and practices, as they relate to both
          executive officers and employees generally, encourage excessive risk-taking. // Our Nominating Committee focuses on risks related to corporate governance, board effectiveness and succession planning. Our Board has adopted an emergency
          succession plan to facilitate the transition to both interim and long-term leadership in the unlikely event of an untimely vacancy in the position of CEO. // Our Investment Committee is responsible for overseeing certain transaction-related risks, including the review of transactions in excess of certain
          thresholds, with existing tenants, operators, borrowers or managers, or that involve investments in non-core assets. The chairs of these committees report on such matters to the full Board at each regularly scheduled Board meeting and other times as appropriate. Our Board believes that this division of
    responsibilities is the most effective approach for identifying and addressing risk, and through Ms. Cafaro’s combined role as CEO and Chairman, our Board leadership structure appropriately supports the Board’s role in risk oversight by facilitating
    prompt attention by the Board and its committees to the significant enterprise risks identified by management in our day-to-day operations. Management Succession Planning Our Board regularly reviews short- and long-term succession plans for the CEO and other senior management positions. In assessing possible CEO candidates, our independent directors
    identify the skills, experience and attributes they believe are required to be an effective leader in light of the Company’s strategic plan, business opportunities and challenges. The Board employs a similar approach with respect to evaluating possible
    candidates for other senior management positions. In general, the Board’s management succession planning is designed to anticipate both “planned” successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, as well as unexpected successions, such
    as those occurring when an executive leaves suddenly to take a new position, or due to death, disability or other unforeseen events. Compensation Risk Assessment As part of its risk oversight role, our Compensation Committee annually considers whether our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including our executive officers,
    create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. In conducting its risk assessment in 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed a report prepared by management regarding our existing compensation plans and
    programs, including our severance and change-in-control arrangements, in the context of our business risk environment. In its review, the Compensation Committee noted several design features of our compensation programs that reduce the likelihood of
    excessive risk-taking, including, but not limited to, the following: // a balanced mix of cash and equity compensation with a strong emphasis on performance-based incentive awards; // multiple performance goals selected in the context of our business strategy and often in tension with each other, for example, goals which promote FFO
          growth and maintaining a strong balance sheet; // regular review of comparative compensation data to maintain competitive compensation levels in light of our industry, size and performance; // incentive award opportunities that (i) do not provide minimum guaranteed payouts, (ii) have capped payouts, (iii) are based on a range of performance
          outcomes and calculated using linear interpolation and (iv) are subject in all cases to the Compensation Board Members’ overall assessment of performance; // equity compensation consisting entirely of full-value awards—pRSUs and time-based RSUs—to provide greater incentive to create and preserve long-term
          stockholder value; // equity incentive awards granted for future performance with multi-year vesting schedules/performance periods to enhance retention; // minimum stock ownership guidelines that align the interests of our executive officers with long-term stockholder interests; // our recoupment policy enables our Board to “claw back” incentive compensation in the event of a financial restatement; and // prohibitions on engaging in derivative and other hedging transactions in our securities and restrictions on holding our securities in margin accounts or
          otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans. Based on its evaluation, the Compensation Committee has determined, in its reasonable business judgment, that our compensation practices and policies for all employees do not create
    risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our company and instead promote behaviors that support long-term sustainability and creation of stockholder value. Public Policy Matters We are committed to ethical business conduct and expect our directors, officers and employees to act with integrity and to conduct themselves and our business in a way that protects our
    reputation for fairness and honesty. Consistent with these principles, in our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, our Global Anti-Corruption Policy and our Political Contribution, Expenditure and Activity Policy, we have established the
    policies and practices described below with respect to political contributions and other public policy matters. Political Contributions and Expenditures We do not use corporate funds or resources for direct contributions to federal political candidates, parties or campaigns, other than occasional de minimis use of our property, such as
    using a conference room. Corporate resources include non-financial donations, such as the use of our property in a political campaign or our employees’ use of work time and telephones to solicit for a political cause or candidate. Promotion of Company Interests We do not have a political action committee. However, we may advocate a position, express a view or take other appropriate action with respect to legislative or political matters
    affecting our company or our interests. We may also ask our employees to make personal contact with governmental officials or to write letters to present our position on specific issues. Any such advocacy is done in compliance with applicable laws and
    regulations. Political Activities by Company Personnel We believe that our directors, officers and employees have rights and responsibilities to participate in political activities as citizens, including voting in elections, keeping informed
    on political matters, serving on civic bodies and contributing financially to, and participating in the campaigns of, the political candidates of their choice. Accordingly, our directors, officers and employees are not constrained from engaging in
    political activities, making political contributions, expressing political views or taking action on any political or legislative matter, so long as they are acting in their individual capacity, on their own time and at their own expense. Directors,
    officers and employees acting in their individual capacity must not give the impression that they are speaking on our behalf or representing our company in such activities. Relationships with Government Officials Our directors, officers and employees may not maintain any relationship or take any action with respect to public officials that could impugn our integrity or reputation. In particular,
    our directors, officers and employees may not offer, promise or give anything of value, including payments, entertainment and gifts, to any government official, employee, agent or other intermediary of the United States government or any domestic or
    foreign government. Contacting the Board of Directors Stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with our Board or any director on Board-related issues may do so: Communication Letter Email Communicate directly with the Board on Board-related issues Board of Directors c/o Corporate Secretary Ventas, Inc. 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300 Chicago, Illinois 60654 bod@ventasreit.com Communicate with the Presiding Director or the independent directors as a group Presiding Director Ventas, Inc. 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300 Chicago, Illinois 60654 independentbod@ventasreit.com Communications addressed to our Board or individual members of the Board are screened by our Corporate Secretary for appropriateness before distributing to the Board, or to any
    individual director or directors, as applicable. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our Board believes that the compensation paid to our non-employee directors should (i) be competitive with the S&P 500 and our peer group of companies, consisting of publicly traded
    REITs with similar enterprise values and total assets, as further described in the “Benchmarking and Comparable Companies” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis and (ii) enable us to attract and retain individuals of the highest quality
    to serve as our directors. In addition, the Board believes that a significant portion of non-employee director compensation should align director interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, non-employee directors receive a
    combination of cash and equity-based compensation for their services. Each of these components is described below. We also reimburse each non-employee director for travel and other expenses associated with attending Board and committee meetings,
    director education programs and other Board-related activities. Ms. Cafaro, the only member of the Board employed by us, does not receive compensation for her service as a director. Cash Compensation The cash compensation paid to, or earned by, our non-employee directors in 2019 was comprised of the following three components: // Board retainer : Each non-employee director received an annual retainer of $110,000 (increased from $105,000 as of April 1, 2019) for his
          or her service as a director. The Presiding Director received an additional retainer of $25,000. // Committee retainers : Each member (other than the chair) of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees received additional annual retainers of
          $20,000, $20,000 and $15,000, respectively, for service as a member of such committee. The chair of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees received additional annual retainers of $25,000, $25,000 and $20,000, respectively, for service
          as the chair of that committee. // Board and committee meeting fees : Each non-employee director received $1,500 for each Board meeting he or she attended in excess of the eighth Board
          meeting held during the year, $1,500 for each Audit, Compensation or Nominating Committee meeting he or she attended in excess of the sixth such committee meeting held during the year and $1,500 for each Investment or Executive Committee meeting
          he or she attended during the year (in each case, including telephonic meetings, unless the meeting was 30 minutes or less). Pursuant to our Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (the “Director Deferred Compensation Plan”), non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion
    of their cash retainer and meeting fees. Deferred fees are credited to each participating director in the form of stock units, based on the fair market value of our common stock on the deferral date. At the prior election of the participating director,
    dividend equivalents on the stock units are either paid in cash or credited as additional units. Upon termination of a participating director’s service on the Board, or at such later time as he or she has previously designated, the director’s stock
    unit account is settled in whole shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and distributed either in one lump sum or in installments over a period of not more than ten years, at the director’s prior election. Fractional stock units are paid out
    in cash. Equity-Based Compensation The equity-based compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2019 consisted of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units, at the director’s prior election, granted
    pursuant to our 2012 Incentive Plan as follows: // Each year, our non-employee directors receive shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units, at his or her prior election, having an
          aggregate value equal to $175,000 (increased from $165,000 in 2019). // Upon initial election or appointment to the Board, a newly elected or appointed non-employee director would have received a number of shares of restricted
          stock having an aggregate value equal to a pro rata portion of $175,000 (determined by reference to the number of days remaining in the annual grant cycle). // Shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units are granted to our non-employee directors on our annual meeting date and vest 50% on the subsequent
          annual meeting date and 50% on the next succeeding annual meeting date. Review of Non-Employee Director Compensation As of May 14, 2019, our Compensation Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the amount and types of compensation to be paid to our non-employee directors and recommending any
    changes to our non-employee director compensation program for approval by our Board. Our Nominating Committee had responsibility for this function prior to May 14, 2019. As part of its annual review, the responsible committee may consider (i) the
    director compensation levels of the Company’s peer group of companies and (ii) director compensation levels at competing S&P 500 companies and other relevant compensation and benchmarking information contained in surveys compiled by Nareit, Spencer
    Stuart or the National Association of Corporate Directors. The responsible committee may also retain an independent compensation consultant to advise it on appropriate director compensation levels. Following review of market data in March 2019, the Nominating Committee recommended and the Board approved two changes to non-employee director compensation for 2019: (i) beginning April
    1, 2019, the annual cash retainer was increased from $105,000 to $110,000 and (ii) beginning with the equity grant awarded at the 2019 Annual Meeting, the annual equity retainer was increased from $165,000 to $175,000. In December 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed market data and received advice from SBCG, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, regarding appropriate
    levels of director compensation for 2020. The Compensation Committee concluded that the 2019 compensation levels were competitive and positioned appropriately and therefore recommended making no changes to the director compensation program for 2020,
    which the Board approved in early 2020. Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Our minimum share ownership guidelines require each non-employee director to maintain a minimum number of shares of our common stock with a value not less than five times the current
    annual cash retainer (currently $110,000) paid to such director for service on our Board (excluding, among other things, any additional retainer paid for service as a committee member or committee chair or the Presiding Director). Each non-employee
    director must satisfy the minimum share ownership levels within five years from the date that he or she first becomes subject to the guidelines (or, upon any increase in the annual cash retainer, within five years from the date of such increase to
    satisfy the guidelines with respect to such incremental amount) and, until such time, must retain 100% of the shares of our common stock or stock units granted to him or her as compensation minus any shares withheld by the director under our share
    withholding program to pay taxes on the vesting of shares. Compliance with the guidelines is reviewed on July 1 of each year. All of our non-employee directors are currently in compliance with these guidelines, after taking into consideration the
    transition period for new directors. 2019 Non-Employee Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, our non-employee directors during 2019: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) Total Melody C. Barnes $  143,750 $  174,978 $  318,728 Jay M. Gellert 126,750 174,978 301,728 Richard I. Gilchrist 139,750 174,978 314,728 Matthew J. Lustig 113,250 174,978 288,228 Roxanne M. Martino 134,750 174,978 309,728 Sean P. Nolan (3) 56,168 142,841 199,009 Walter C. Rakowich 128,750 174,978 303,728 Robert D. Reed 133,750 174,978 308,728 James D. Shelton 173,750 174,978 348,728 (1) The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflect quarterly retainer and meeting fees described above under “—Cash Compensation.” Of the amounts
          shown in this column, the following directors elected to defer all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees pursuant to the Director Deferred Compensation Plan described above and were credited with the following stock units: Mr. Gellert,
          $126,750 or 1,947 units; Mr. Lustig, $113,250 or 1,737 units; Ms. Martino, $134,750 or 2,070 units; and Mr. Shelton, $86,875 or 1,332 units. (2) The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represent the full grant date fair value of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units (excluding stock units
            credited in lieu of retainer and meeting fees) granted to each non-employee director in 2019, calculated pursuant to FASB guidance regarding fair value provisions for share-based awards. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
            Statements included in our 2019 Form 10-K for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair value. Directors are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested shares of restricted stock and dividend equivalents
            on vested and unvested restricted stock units. As of December 31, 2019, the aggregate number of unvested shares of restricted stock and restricted stock
              units and the aggregate number of shares underlying unexercised stock options (all of which are vested) held by each non-employee director were as follows (shown on a post-Spin-off basis): Name Unvested Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Shares Underlying Unexercised Vested Stock Options Melody C. Barnes 4,334 shares 0 shares Jay M. Gellert 4,334 shares 11,880 shares Richard I. Gilchrist 4,334 shares 8,934 shares Matthew J. Lustig 4,334 shares 9,731 shares Roxanne M. Martino 4,334 shares 0 shares Sean P. Nolan 2,131 shares 0 shares Walter C. Rakowich 4,334 shares 0 shares Robert D. Reed 4,334 shares 11,880 shares James D. Shelton 4,334 shares 11,880 shares (3) Mr. Nolan was appointed to the Board on July 26, 2019. RATIFICATION OF fiscal 2020 AUDITOR SELECTION Our Board has approved our Audit Committee’s selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020. KPMG has been our independent registered
    public accounting firm since July 2014. Although not required by our By-Laws or otherwise, we are submitting the selection of KPMG to our stockholders for ratification because the Board values our stockholders’ views and believes such submission is
    appropriate as a matter of good corporate practice. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to ratify the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public
    accounting firm for 2020. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against such proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. If our stockholders fail to ratify this selection, it will be considered a recommendation to the Audit Committee and Board to consider the selection of a different firm, and the Audit
    Committee and Board may select another independent registered public accounting firm without resubmitting the matter to the stockholders. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, select a different independent
    registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. We expect that representatives of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting to
    respond to appropriate questions and have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR
              ratification of the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020 Audit Committee Report Management has primary responsibility for our financial statements and the reporting process, including our system of internal controls, subject to oversight by our Audit Committee on
    behalf of our Board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019, including the quality, not just the acceptability,
    of our accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. Our Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm, who is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited
    financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, its judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of our accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit
    Committee under generally accepted auditing standards, including Statement on Auditing Standards No. 16, Communications with Audit Committees , which superseded Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended and as adopted by the Public
    Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”) in Rule 3200T. The Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable PCAOB rules regarding the
    independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee regarding independence. In addition, our Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm that firm’s independence from our
    company and its management, and the Audit Committee has considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the firm’s independence. Our Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for its audit. The Audit Committee meets regularly with the
    independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of its examination of our financial statements, its evaluations of our internal controls, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. Our Audit Committee oversees the process for, and ultimately approves, the selection of the independent auditor’s lead engagement partner at the five-year mandatory rotation period. At
    the Audit Committee’s instruction, KPMG selects candidates to be considered for the lead engagement partner role, who are then interviewed by the Audit Committee Chair and members of our senior management team. After discussing the results of the Audit
    Committee Chair’s and senior management’s interviews, the remaining members of the Audit Committee interview the candidates. The Audit Committee then considers the appointment and votes on the selection. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on
    Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee also recommended, and the Board approved, the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020. AUDIT COMMITTEE Robert D. Reed, Chair Melody C. Barnes Sean P. Nolan Walter C. Rakowich Audit and Non-Audit Fees KPMG audited our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 and has been our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2014. Fees billed for professional
    services rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows: Fees 2019 2018 Audit Fees (1) $  4,649,000 $  3,990,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) 63,000 — Tax Fees — — All Other Fees (3) 62,471 3,000 Total $  4,774,471 $  3,993,000 (1) Audit Fees include the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by KPMG for the audit of our annual consolidated and entity level
          financial statements (including debt covenant compliance letters), audit of internal control over financial reporting, review of interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, advice on audit and accounting matters
          that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and work on securities offerings and other filings with the SEC, including comfort letters, consents and comment letters. (2) Audit-Related Fees in 2019 relate primarily to consultations on accounting matters. (3) All Other Fees in 2019 relate to tax consulting fees. All Other Fees in 2018 relate to annual subscription fees for KPMG’s online technical research site. All audit-related services, tax services and other services provided by KPMG since the date of its engagement have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit
    Committee’s pre-approval policies described below. The Audit Committee determined that the provision of these services by KPMG did not compromise KPMG’s independence and was consistent with its role as our independent registered public accounting firm. Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services Consistent with the requirements of the SEC and the PCAOB, our Audit Committee has responsibility for retaining, compensating and overseeing the work of our independent registered public
    accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has implemented procedures relating to the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to ensure
    that the provision of such services and related fees does not impair the firm’s independence. In accordance with these procedures, the annual audit services and related fees of the independent registered public accounting firm are subject to specific approval by our Audit
    Committee. Prior to its engagement, which typically occurs during the first quarter of each fiscal year, the independent registered public accounting firm must provide the Audit Committee with an engagement letter outlining the scope of proposed audit
    services for that year and the related fees. If agreed to by the Audit Committee, the engagement letter will be formally accepted as evidenced by its execution by the Audit Committee chair. The Audit Committee will then review and approve, if
    necessary, any changes in terms, conditions and fees resulting from changes in audit scope, company structure or other matters. In addition, our Audit Committee may grant pre-approval for those permissible non-audit services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered public
    accounting firm. However, the Audit Committee may not grant approval for any services categorized by the SEC as “Prohibited Non-Audit Services.” Generally prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, management submits to the Audit Committee a list of
    certain non-audit services and related fees expected to be rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm during that year. Following review, the Audit Committee pre-approves the non-audit services within each category, and the fees for
    each category are budgeted. The term of any pre-approved non-audit service is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period. Fee levels for all non-audit services to be provided by the
    independent registered public accounting firm are established periodically by the Audit Committee, and any proposed services exceeding those levels require separate pre-approval by the Audit Committee. Upon request, the independent registered public
    accounting firm must provide detailed supporting documentation to the Audit Committee regarding the particular services to be provided. To obtain approval of other permissible non-audit services, management must submit to the Audit Committee those
    non-audit services for which it recommends the Audit Committee engage the independent registered public accounting firm, and both management and the independent registered public accounting firm must confirm to the Audit Committee that each non-audit
    service for which approval is requested is not a Prohibited Non-Audit Service. Our Chief Accounting Officer is responsible for tracking all fees for pre-approved non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, and at each regularly
    scheduled Audit Committee meeting, management reports on the pre-approved non-audit services provided during the quarter and year-to-date and the fees incurred for such services during such periods. E XECUTIVE SUMMARY This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) provides a detailed description of our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and
    programs, the compensation decisions made under those programs and the factors considered by our Compensation Board Members in making those decisions. The CD&A focuses on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers for 2019, who were: Name Title Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert F. Probst Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Cobb Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Peter J. Bulgarelli Executive Vice President, Office; President and Chief Executive Officer, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. T. Richard Riney (1) Former Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Ethics and Compliance Officer (1) As previously disclosed, on October 15, 2019, Mr. Riney retired from the Company and transitioned to a full-time consultant to the Company in a Senior Advisor
            role through March 15, 2020. Details regarding his transition are provided below in the “Employment and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers” section. Long-Term Outperformance and Financial
    Strength 2019 Returns to Stockholders After an excellent start through the first three quarters of 2019, recent business challenges limited our TSR compared to our peers and as a result,
    finished short of our expectations. Nevertheless, we attained 3.4% TSR during 2019 and continued to deliver sustained, superior long-term returns to stockholders. Strong Pay for Performance Alignment Our strong pay-for-performance linkage, and alignment of our realized executive pay with stockholder outcomes, were clearly demonstrated upon the first
    vesting event that occurred at the end of 2019 under our forward-looking long-term equity incentive compensation program that we redesigned in response to investor feedback in early 2017. Both formulaic pay inputs, as well as discretionary decisions
    made by our Compensation Board Members, reinforced that linkage. Although our TSR was strong in 11 out of the 12 quarters and we attained positive 2.5% three-year compound annual TSR during the three-year period
    ending December 31, 2019, our stock price performance fell meaningfully in the last quarter of 2019, which had a material impact on our executive compensation results as well as our 2020 executive compensation decisions, as outlined below. Forfeiture of 2017-2019 pRSUs & Dividend Equivalents Our carefully crafted compensation plan is working as intended to align our Named Executive Officers’ realized compensation with the returns delivered to
      stockholders over the same period. The primary performance metrics for these first pRSU awards were relative TSR compared to two different peer group indices, both of which finished below threshold and resulted in more than 70% of the awards paying out at zero . Collectively, our three current Named Executive Officers who received 2017 pRSU awards therefore forfeited over $6.2 million of equity compensation, comprised of $5,464,658
    equity ($62.22 pRSU grant date stock price multiplied by the number of forfeited shares linked to relative TSR goals awarded at the target level in 2017) and $760,151 related dividend equivalents, as detailed in the table below. More than $3.75 million
    of the total equity and dividend equivalent forfeiture amount is attributed to Ms. Cafaro. Name Forfeited TSR pRSUs (Total 2017 Target) Forfeited pRSUs (Value at $62.22 Grant Price) Dividend Equivalent Forfeiture Total Forfeiture Value Debra A. Cafaro 53,107 $ 3,304,318 $ 459,641 $ 3,763,959 Robert F. Probst 17,503 1,089,037 151,488 1,240,525 John D. Cobb 17,218 1,071,304 149,022 1,220,326 Total 87,828 $ 5,464,658 $ 760,151 $ 6,224,810 The forfeiture amounts above are not reflected in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement. SEC rules require us to report the grant date fair value
    of equity awards at the target level, regardless of actual award attainment levels or realized value. Discretionary Actions Taken to Align Pay and Performance In addition to significant reductions to realized 2019 equity pay for the CEO and other Named Executive Officers due to the forfeiture of a majority of the 2017 pRSUs and
    related dividend equivalents as detailed above, our Compensation Board Members implemented several actions in recognition of the end-of-year decline in our stock price and in response to 2020 investor feedback
    regarding pay and performance alignment. Negative Discretion Exercised Regarding CEO Annual Cash Incentive The Compensation Board Members applied negative discretion to materially reduce the CEO’s 2019 annual cash incentive award, to below the
    target level, despite above-target performance on both her quantitative and qualitative 2019 annual goals. This resulted in a 50% reduction in her earned annual cash incentive award, which reduced her payout by nearly $1.8 million . Specifically, based upon actual 2019 annual cash incentive award performance with respect to the pre-established quantitative goals and attainment at 90% of the
    maximum level with respect to our CEO’s qualitative individual performance goals, as measured by our Compensation Board Members, and reflecting Ms. Cafaro’s outstanding long-term performance and current value to the Company, her short-term annual cash
    incentive award payout would have been $3,579,263, or 166% of her target award and 92% of her maximum award for fiscal 2019 performance. However, as a result of Company’s three-year relative TSR underperformance that primarily occurred in the final quarter of 2019, and in order to demonstrate even
    greater alignment between CEO pay and results for stockholders, the Compensation Board Members exercised negative discretion with respect to our CEO’s attainment of both the quantitative and qualitative performance goals under the 2019 annual cash
    incentive award, reducing her 2019 payout by 50% overall, to $1,789,631, which is 83% of her target award and 46% of her maximum award. This 2019 payout, made as the result of the exercise of negative discretion by the Compensation Board Members, is also $1.6 million less than the average short-term
    incentive payout received by the CEO the preceding three-year period, and is her lowest short-term incentive payout since 2008. No 2020 Merit Increases for Top Three Named Executive Officers In addition, our Compensation Board Members demonstrated accountability for TSR performance by approving zero merit increases to all 2020 compensation components for our three
    highest-paid Named Executive Officers, including keeping Ms. Cafaro’s base salary at the same level as it has been since 2015. Enhanced 2020 Short-Term and Long-Term Metric Selection and Goal Setting Finally, to align executive pay with attainment of our most critical objectives and in response to investor feedback, our Compensation
    Board Members also made several stockholder-focused changes to the metrics, goals and weightings of the 2020 annual cash incentive and long-term equity incentive compensation plans, consistent with our strategic plan . Changes to the performance metrics and weightings for the 2020 annual cash incentive award program as compared to 2019 are as follows: (i) eliminated the Fixed
    Charge Coverage metric, (ii) eliminated the Research & Innovation Development Growth metric, (iii) reduced weighting of the Normalized FFO per Share metric from 40% to 30%, (iv) added Liquidity management metric at 15%
    weighting, (v) added Development Investment metric at 10% weighting to incent timely progress on the Company’s R&I development pipeline and (vi) added a Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric at 10% weighting to ensure the Company maintains
    financial strength and flexibility. Performance metrics and weightings for the 2020 pRSUs as compared to 2019: (i) retained the same two relative TSR metrics at identical weighting and performance
    levels, meaning that greater than 70% of the pRSU value for our Named Executive Officers continues to be tied to rigorous relative TSR metrics, (ii) eliminated the three-year Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric (one-year metric was
    added to the annual cash incentive plan), (iii) added a three-year Research & Innovation Pipeline Openings metric at 11.7% weighting for the CEO and 10% weighting for all other Named Executive Officers to incent on-time delivery of these
    development projects and (iv) included quantitative Gender Balance metric focused on improving the Company’s representation of women employees was added at 6.9% weighting for the CEO and 6% weighting for all other Named Executive Officers to incent ESG
    performance. All the 2019 and 2020 responsive actions and improvements to our executive compensation program are further detailed below in the “Proactive Investor Outreach” section. CEO Pay Structure Emphasizes Variable Pay CEO Pay Alignment with TSR This graph illustrates our long-term pay-for-performance alignment by comparing our CEO’s Total Direct Compensation to our TSR performance (indexed to a
    2014 base year) for each of the past five years. “Total Direct Compensation” includes, for the applicable year, base salary, earned annual cash incentive awards, the value of equity incentive awards and “All Other Compensation” as reported in the
    Summary Compensation Table. This graph differs from compensation reported in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in the following respects: // For 2014-2016, the period during which our backward-looking plan was in effect, the graph aligns the value of long-term equity incentive awards with
              the performance year for which they were earned, rather than the year in which they were granted ( e.g. , long-term equity incentive awards granted
              in January 2017 for 2016 performance are shown in the graph above as 2016 compensation), consistent with the manner in which our Compensation Board Members evaluated compensation and pay-for-performance under the previous backward-looking
              plan for our Named Executive Officers. // For 2017-2019, when our current forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan went into effect, we report the grant date fair value of time-based RSUs and pRSUs
            (approximating target level of performance) granted in 2017-2019 that may be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance relative to three-year goals measured during the applicable performance periods. Actual payouts occur in the year
            following the end of each applicable performance period and range from 0% - 220% of the target value. // The 2019 figure depicts the CEO’s $3,763,959 realized reduction in pay resulting from earning 0 pRSUs under the TSR metrics upon completion of the
              first full 2017-2019 pRSU performance period, meaning that our CEO received zero payout with respect to greater than 70% of the total award. This $3,763,959 figure is comprised of $3,304,318 equity ($62.22 pRSU grant date stock price
              multiplied by 53,107 forfeited shares linked to relative TSR goals at the target level in 2017) and $459,641 related dividend equivalents. These forfeiture amounts are not reflected in the 2019 Summary
              Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement. SEC reporting rules require us to report the grant date fair value of equity awards at the target level, regardless of actual award attainment levels or realized
              value. // The 2017 figure excludes a one-time time-based RSU transition award received by our CEO, which was designed to partially mitigate the impact of a reduction in the
            realized pay for our CEO in 2018 and 2019 resulting from the transition from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a stockholder-focused forward-looking plan because the new forward-looking award did not pay out, if at all,
            until 2020 and later. This award is excluded because it was one-time in nature, has not recurred and the Compensation Committee does not view such awards as a continuing feature of the long-term equity incentive plan. Compensation Policies and Practices—Good Governance Executive Compensation Opportunities, Decisions and Outcomes When setting executive pay opportunities and determining ultimate payouts each year, our Compensation Board Members engage in a robust process of peer group selection, benchmarking,
    solicitation and implementation of stockholder feedback and rigorous evaluation of Company and individual performance. Our 2019-2020 executive compensation processes, decisions and realized pay outcomes met our two primary goals of strong pay and
    performance alignment and responsiveness to stockholder feedback. Compensation Element 2019 Compensation Opportunities CEO Other Named Executive Officers Base Salary ü No merit increase Ø Flat since 2015 ü Market-based 1-4% merit increases Ø Approved December 2018 Annual Cash Incentive ü No increase in opportunities ü No increase in opportunities Long-Term Equity ü Performance-based component increased from 60% to
              70% Ø Time-based equity opportunity reduced $689,500 ü Threshold opportunity decreased 9%, target and
              maximum opportunities increased 6% and 12%, respectively Ø Changes largely driven by stockholder-focused decision to tie a larger portion of
            CEO’s long-term equity opportunity to Company performance Ø Company must maintain superior three-year performance relative to rigorous, 100%
            objective 2019 pRSU goals for CEO to benefit from these structural changes, rewarding outperformance in line with the Company’s pay-for-performance culture ü No opportunity increases for Messrs. Probst, Cobb
              and Riney ü Mr. Bulgarelli: 25% increase to threshold, target
              and maximum opportunities, inclusive of his base salary adjustment Ø Approved due to his excellent 2018 performance and to bring his total
            compensation opportunity closer to market median Compensation Element 2019 Compensation Decisions and
              Outcomes CEO Other Named Executive Officers Annual Cash Incentive ü Negative discretion reduced quantitative and
                qualitative goal achievement payouts by 50% , resulting in payouts at 83% of her target opportunity Ø Lowest bonus received since 2008 Ø Compensation Board Members considered the CEO’s delivery of 22% compound annual
            TSR, her recognition for leadership and performance, and her value to the Company, balanced with an intention to ensure alignment and accountability, as well as respond to stockholder feedback ü Earned between 123% to 128% of their target
            award opportunities 2017 pRSUs ü Earned 59% of target award Ø Both relative TSR metrics (comprising > 70% of award opportunity) finished
            below threshold & paid out at zero Ø Forfeited more than $3.75 million of equity compensation, inclusive of dividend
            equivalents ü Messrs. Probst and Cobb: earned 59% of target award Ø Both relative TSR metrics (comprising > 70% of award opportunity) finished
            below threshold & paid out at zero Ø Combined to forfeit nearly $2.5 million of equity compensation, inclusive of
            dividend equivalents ü Mr. Bulgarelli: not eligible to earn 2017 pRSUs
              because he commenced employment in 2018 ü Mr. Riney: prorated pRSU payout upon his retirement Compensation Element 2020 Compensation Opportunities CEO Other Named Executive Officers Base Salary ü No merit increase Ø Flat since 2015 ü No merit increases for Messrs. Probst and Cobb ü Mr. Bulgarelli: 7% market-based merit increase Ø Approved due to excellent Office performance, expansion of responsibilities,
            growing Office portfolio and to bring his total compensation opportunity closer to market median Annual Cash Incentive ü No increase in opportunities ü No increase in opportunities Long-Term Equity ü No increase in opportunities ü No opportunity increases for Messrs. Probst, Cobb
              and Riney ü Mr. Bulgarelli: 25% increase to threshold, target
              and maximum opportunities, inclusive of his base salary adjustment Ø Approved due to excellent Office performance, expansion of responsibilities,
            growing Office portfolio and to bring his total compensation opportunity closer to market median Executive Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation philosophy is to closely link compensation to performance by emphasizing performance-based incentive compensation over fixed cash compensation, so that the
    vast majority of total direct compensation is variable and not guaranteed. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives, create alignment with stockholders and to reward executives for the
    achievement of pre-established company objectives combined with tailored individual goals, consistent with our strategic plan. Objectives of Our Compensation Program We recognize that effective compensation strategies are critical to recruiting, incentivizing and retaining key employees who contribute to our long-term success and thereby create value
    for our stockholders. Accordingly, our compensation program is designed to achieve the following primary objectives: // attract, retain and motivate talented executives; // reward performance that meets or exceeds pre-established company and tailored individual goals consistent with our strategic plan, while maintaining
          alignment with stockholders; // provide balanced incentives that discourage excessive risk-taking; // retain sufficient flexibility to permit our executive officers to manage risk and adjust appropriately to meet rapidly changing market and business
          conditions; // evaluate performance by balancing consideration of goals that management can directly and significantly influence with market forces that management cannot
          control (such as monetary policy and interest rate expectations), but that impact stockholder value; // encourage executives to become and remain long-term stockholders of our company; and // maintain compensation and corporate governance practices that support our goal to deliver sustained, superior returns to stockholders. We align the interests of our executive officers and stockholders by maintaining a performance- and achievement-oriented environment that provides executives with the opportunity to earn
    market-competitive levels of cash and equity compensation for strong performance against key strategic, financial and operating goals that create long-term stockholder value. Benchmarking and Comparable Companies For 2019 benchmarking purposes, SBCG provided our Compensation Board Members with comparative market data on compensation practices and programs based on its analysis of a group of peer
    companies (the “Comparable Companies”) and provided guidance on compensation trends and best practices. Using this market data, SBCG advised the Compensation Board Members and made recommendations with respect to program design and setting base
    salaries and incentive award opportunity levels for our Named Executive Officers for 2019. In determining 2019 compensation targets for our Named Executive Officers, our Compensation Committee, in consultation with SBCG, considered the competitive positioning of our executive
    compensation levels relative to compensation data for the Comparable Companies with respect to the following components of pay: base salary; total annual compensation (base salary plus annual incentive awards); long-term equity incentives (annualized
    expected value of long-term equity incentive awards) and total direct compensation (base salary plus annual incentive awards and annualized expected value of long-term equity incentive awards). Consistent with our compensation philosophy, our
    Compensation Committee reviewed each element of pay in the context of the Comparable Companies, but targeted approximately the median of the Comparable Companies on an overall, total direct compensation basis, subject to adjustment based on the unique
    skills, expertise and individual contributions of each Named Executive Officer. Our 2019 executive compensation program was designed to deliver compensation levels above or below these targets if performance exceeded or failed to achieve the goals
    established for the annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards. We believe this methodology is appropriate for our operating style and reflects the need to attract, retain and stretch top executive talent. The group of Comparable Companies consists of large-cap REITs in our healthcare sector and different sectors (such as office, retail and lodging), but otherwise similar to us in terms of
    FFO. As in 2018, the Compensation Committee set the peer group in 2019 by generally including all publicly traded REITs with enterprise values of more than $20 billion and having total assets of more than $10 billion, irrespective of direct business
    fit. As a result, the peer group did not change from 2018 to 2019. The Compensation Committee believes this approach results in a predictable and consistent peer group consisting of companies within our same industry, while maintaining focus on
    companies comparable to us in terms of size and talent. 2019
      Comparable Companies 2020 Comparable Companies In September 2019, the Compensation Committee and SBCG examined the 2019 peer group and, using the same screening criteria as utilized in setting the 2019 Comparable Companies, approved
    the removal of GGP Inc. and SL Green Realty Group, Inc. from the peer group for purposes of setting 2020 compensation. GGP Inc. was removed from the peer group because it was acquired by Brookfield Property REIT Inc. and current pay data related to GGP
    Inc. is no longer available. SL Green Realty Group, Inc. was removed because its enterprise value had fallen below our Compensation Committee’s peer group screening criteria for consecutive years. The Compensation Committee determined that the
    remaining 16 Comparable Companies identified above continued to be an appropriate mix of companies comparable to us in terms of size and talent. Proactive Investor Outreach Investor outreach and maintaining open lines of communication with our stockholders are critical components of our executive compensation and corporate governance programs. We regularly
    solicit feedback from and engage in robust discussions with our investors in an effort to ensure we are being responsive to our stockholders and keeping abreast of best practices. Recently, we gained valuable insight from engaging with our stockholders on a consistent basis before, during and after we redesigned our long-term equity incentive compensation plan in
    2017. These efforts are detailed on the following pages. 2018-2019 Investor Outreach and Responsiveness to Constructive Feedback Together with our Compensation Committee Chair, in late
      2018 – early 2019 we continued our extensive stockholder outreach program to 40 of our largest investors (collectively holding ~65% of our shares). We
      received varied and diverse constructive feedback from our investors during this outreach program. This feedback and the responsive changes we made to our 2019 executive compensation program are detailed below. 2019 Say on Pay Vote Following implementation of the changes to our executive compensation program in early 2019 as detailed above and in our 2019 Proxy Statement, we received support from greater than 85%
    of our stockholders with respect to our 2019 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. Accordingly, we did not make further changes to the structure of our executive compensation program as a direct result of the outcome of our 2019
    advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. However, we did take further responsive action to our executive compensation program
      following our late 2019 – early 2020 investor outreach program, as detailed below. 2019-2020 Investor Outreach and Responsiveness to Constructive Feedback Together with our Compensation Committee Chairman, in late 2019 - early 2020 we continued our extensive stockholder outreach program to 50 of our largest investors (collectively holding
    ~71% of our shares). We received a range of constructive feedback from our investors during this outreach program. The central theme conveyed to us was investors’ desire to see us achieve pay and performance alignment. This specific
      feedback and our responsive actions taken are detailed below. Compensation Mix Our executive compensation philosophy promotes a compensation mix that emphasizes variable pay and long-term stockholder value. We believe that an emphasis on incentive compensation
    creates greater alignment with the interests of our stockholders, ensures that our business strategy is executed by decision-makers in a manner that focuses on the creation of long-term value rather than only short-term results, and encourages prudent
    evaluation of risks. Accordingly, our compensation structure is designed such that a significant portion of Named Executive Officers’ total direct compensation is in the form of equity awards that vest based on three-year future performance.
    Ms. Cafaro’s structure reflects a heavy weight on long-term equity compensation because our Compensation Board Members believe that, due to her leadership role as our CEO, her compensation structure should reflect significant alignment with our
    stockholders. Elements of Our Compensation Program For 2019, the elements of compensation provided to our executive officers remained unchanged: base salary; annual cash incentive compensation; long-term equity incentive compensation;
    and limited perquisites and benefits. Base Salary The base salary payable to each Named Executive Officer provides a fixed component of compensation that reflects the executive’s position and responsibilities. Base salary is generally
    targeted to approximate the competitive market median of the Comparable Companies, but may deviate from this target based on an individual’s sustained performance, contributions, leadership, experience, expertise and specific roles within our company
    as compared to the benchmark data. Our Compensation Committee reviews base salaries annually and may make adjustments to better match competitive market levels or to recognize an executive’s professional growth and development or increased
    responsibilities. The Compensation Committee also considers the success of each executive officer in developing and executing our strategic plans, exercising leadership and creating stockholder value. In determining base salaries for our Named Executive Officers, our Compensation Board Members analyzed base salary information of the Comparable Companies contained in a report prepared
    by SBCG. Although the Compensation Board Members periodically consider information from REIT industry and other compensation surveys, they place primary emphasis on publicly available data from the Comparable Companies’ proxy statements and other SEC
    filings, which is more detailed by individual executive officer position than the data typically provided in compensation surveys. 2019 Base Salary 2020 Base Salary As part of a continuing effort to maintain our Named Executive Officers’ total direct compensation opportunities approximately at the median of our
            peer group, our Compensation Board Members approved 1-4% merit increases to the 2019 base salaries of our Named Executive Officers other than Ms. Cafaro, as listed in the table below. Our Compensation Board Members did not approve 2020 base salary increases for any of our Named Executive Officers other than Mr. Bulgarelli, who received a 7% base salary
            increase due to the Company’s excellent Office performance, expansion of his responsibilities, our growing Office portfolio and to bring his total compensation opportunity closer to market median. No merit increases for top three Named Executive Officers in 2020 // Ms. Cafaro’s base salary flat since 2015 Named Executive Officer 2018 Base Salary 2019 Base Salary 2020 Base Salary Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 Robert F. Probst 627,300 646,119 646,119 John D. Cobb 626,175 644,960 644,960 Peter J. Bulgarelli 450,000 468,000 500,760 T. Richard Riney (1) 571,200 576,912 576,912 (1) Mr. Riney’s base salary remained at the same level from the time he transitioned to a consulting role following his October 15, 2019 retirement from the Company until
          March 15, 2020, the final day of his consulting term with the Company. At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s base salary to be within the competitive range given each individual’s unique skills, expertise
    and contributions. Annual Cash Incentive Compensation We provide our Named Executive Officers with an annual opportunity to earn cash incentive awards for the achievement of pre-established company financial goals and tailored individual
    objectives. At the beginning of each performance year, our Compensation Board Members approve specific performance metrics, goals and weightings and an award opportunity range (expressed as multiples of base salary at each applicable level of
    performance) for each Named Executive Officer. Our quantitative goal targets (comprising 65% of the award opportunity), tailored individual goals (comprising 35% of the award opportunity) and achievement thereunder are described below in the “2019
    Annual Cash Incentive Award Metrics, Goals and Results” section. The resulting payouts to our Named Executive Officers, including details regarding our Compensation Board Members’ use of negative discretion to reduce our CEO’s 2019 annual cash incentive award by 50% overall, are contained in the “Earned 2019 Annual Cash Incentive
    Awards” section below. Annual Cash Incentive Award Opportunities 2019 Opportunities 2020 Opportunities In December 2018 and January 2019, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2019 annual cash incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive
            Officers. The 2019 annual cash incentive award opportunities remained unchanged from 2018 opportunities (as a percentage of base salary) for all Named Executive Officers. In January 2020, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2020 annual cash incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers. The 2020 annual cash incentive award
            opportunities remained unchanged from 2019 opportunities (as a percentage of base salary) for all eligible Named Executive Officers. No opportunity increases for any Named Executive Officers in 2019 and 2020 Named Executive Officer 2018 Total Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity 2019 Total Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity 2020 Total Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Debra A. Cafaro $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 Robert F. Probst 784,125 1,097,775 1,568,250 807,649 1,130,708 1,615,298 807,649 1,130,708 1,615,298 John D. Cobb 782,719 1,095,806 1,565,438 806,200 1,128,680 1,612,400 806,200 1,128,680 1,612,400 Peter J. Bulgarelli 450,000 675,000 900,000 468,000 702,000 936,000 500,760 751,140 1,001,520 T. Richard Riney (1) 714,000 999,600 1,428,000 721,140 1,009,596 1,442,280 — — — (1) Mr. Riney was not eligible to receive an annual cash incentive award in 2020 due to his retirement from the Company. Ms. Cafaro’s annual cash incentive opportunity structure has greater leverage and a wider range of outcomes than the structures of our other Named Executive Officers in support of the
    view that the CEO’s compensation should be more strongly aligned with stockholders than our other executive officers. At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s annual cash incentive award opportunities to
    be within the competitive range given each individual’s unique skills, expertise and contributions. 2019 Annual Cash Incentive Award Metrics, Goals and Results Below is a summary of the annual cash incentive program metrics and goals approved by our Compensation Board Members, the relative weighting for each metric, the reasons why we
      consider each performance goal to be an important component of our pay-for-performance philosophy, how the goals were set and our results with respect to those goals. Consistent with our compensation philosophy, the 2019 annual cash incentive program
      metrics and goals were determined taking into consideration our strategic plan and were designed to be challenging, but balanced and also discourage excessive risk-taking. Although these goals focus on shorter-term results, they have a
      counterbalancing effect on each other. They incentivize our Named Executive Officers to effectively meet rapidly changing market and business conditions and make appropriate business adjustments that benefit the long-term interests of our
    stockholders. Normalized FFO Per Share Metric Achievement Goal Weighting Normalized FFO per share, excluding non-cash items (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold $3.75 40% (18% for Mr. Bulgarelli) Target $3.80 Maximum $3.85 Why does this metric matter? FFO is a common measure of operating performance for REITs because it excludes, among other items, the effect of gains and losses from real estate sales and real estate depreciation and amortization, to allow investors,
      analysts and management to compare operating performance among companies and across time periods on a consistent basis. A REIT’s FFO can have a significant impact on the trading price of its common stock and, therefore, its TSR. Normalized FFO is the
      main measure the Company uses in its publicly reported earnings and is defined as FFO excluding certain items, such as non-cash income tax items and deal costs/expenses. How were the goals set? Though these goals represented a slight reduction from 2018 Normalized FFO per share, the goals aligned with our public guidance and the Compensation Committee believed they were appropriately challenging in the current market
      environment for healthcare REITs. In setting the threshold, target and maximum performance levels, the Compensation Committee considers the Company’s business model, growth rates of peers, size, and the asset classes in which it operates, as well as
      the desired tradeoffs between growth in FFO per share and maintaining an appropriate risk profile by balancing leverage and optimizing performance through dispositions, development and redevelopment and investing in our R&I pipeline. Result: Achieved Maximum Performance. Our 2019 Normalized FFO per diluted share was $3.85. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals was largely due to actions led by our Named Executive Officers, including excellent performance
      in the Office, Healthcare and Canadian seniors housing segments, investment activity and successful capital markets execution. Fixed Charge Coverage Metric Achievement Goal Weighting Fixed charge coverage ratio (as of December 31, 2019) Threshold 4.00x 10% (5% for Mr. Bulgarelli) Target 4.25x Maximum 4.50x Why does this metric matter? Fixed charge coverage ratio reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt obligations and continue to pay or increase our dividend. A strong ratio of
      EBITDA-generation compared to fixed payment obligations—one element of our comprehensive risk management program—is especially important for REITs, which are dividend-paying and required to distribute to stockholders a substantial portion of their
      annual taxable net income. By maintaining a high fixed charge coverage ratio, we are able to preserve and enhance stockholder value. Even if our EBITDA declines in times of economic cycles or other impacts to our
    cash flows, high coverage of cash flow to fixed obligations should enable us to generate sufficient free cash flow to meet our fixed obligations such as principal and interest payments and at the same time be able to maintain and even increase our
    dividend, which is an important component of our value proposition (total return) to stockholders. Strong fixed charge coverage also enables us to maintain a strong BBB+ or better credit rating, which enhances our cost of capital (a critical component
    of our continued investment strategy) and provides us with more consistent access to the debt capital markets even during periods of capital market disruption. We take a balanced approach to fixed charge coverage by maintaining a strong coverage ratio,
    while avoiding suboptimal capitalization from an unnecessarily high ratio. How were the goals set? In a rising interest rate environment, which was the case when this goal was set in January 2019, prior year fixed charge coverage goals are more difficult to achieve, meaning that keeping fixed charge coverage goals at the
      same level year-over-year would have resulted in increased goal difficulty. In addition to this inherent tightening of the goals and in light of our history of strong fixed charge coverage performance, we further increased the difficulty of our 2019
      fixed charge coverage goals by 25 basis points at each of the threshold, target and maximum levels relative to our 2018 goals in order to further enhance their rigor. As a result, our fixed charge coverage goals have been increased by 50 total basis
      points at each of the threshold, target and maximum levels over the past two years. Result: Achieved Slightly Above Target Performance. As of December 31, 2019, our fixed charge coverage ratio was 4.26x. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals was largely due to actions led by our Named Executive Officers,
      including efficient capital markets execution as we financed nearly $4 billion investments and commitments in 2019, total debt reduction, effective management of sources and uses, hedging strategies and disciplined and consistent balance sheet
      management. Research & Innovation Development Growth Metric Achievement Goal Weighting Committed Research & Innovation projects (through December 31, 2019, expressed as total estimated project costs) Threshold $200 million 15% (7% for Mr. Bulgarelli) Target $400 million Maximum $800 million Why does this metric matter? Research & Innovation (“R&I”) development growth replaced Debt Reduction/Refinancing as a metric for 2019 because a primary focus for our business in 2019 was building out and executing on our R&I development
      pipeline, an area where the Company is building a business that produces strong risk-adjusted returns partnering with the nation’s leading research universities. How were the goals set? In early 2019, we announced an exciting university-based R&I development pipeline exceeding $1.5 billion. This goal was based on an evaluation of the opportunity set comprising the R&I pipeline and the actionability and
      timing of each project. In light of the importance of building the R&I business to the enterprise, the maximum goal was set at $800 million, which was determined to be appropriately challenging because it required efficient execution and
      commitment to a majority of the announced pipeline in 2019. Result: Achieved Maximum Performance. As of December 31, 2019, we committed to over $800 million of R&I development projects affiliated with the nation’s leading research universities. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals
      was largely due to actions led by our Named Executive Officers, including driving pre-development, design, permitting, leasing, financing, environmental and construction activities. Office Financial Performance Office Metric (1) Achievement Goal Weighting Metric Component Total Opportunity Same-Store Cash NOI Growth (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold 1.4% 25% 35% (Mr. Bulgarelli only) Target 2.1% Maximum 2.8% GAAP NOI (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold $536 million 25% Target $543 million Maximum $550 million Same-Store Occupancy (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold 91.4% 20% Target 92.0% Maximum 92.6% Tenant Satisfaction (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold 3.97 15% Target 4.08 Maximum 4.19 FAD Capital Expenditures (2) (for the year ended December 31, 2019) Threshold $61 million 15% Target $65 million Maximum $69 million (1) Certain of these goals were established for certain pools of assets and used certain definitions in place on January 1, 2019; they may differ from other reported same-store pools of
          assets based on asset sales and intended sales, and/or market definitions. (2) Payout is zero if FAD Capital Expenditures is below $61 million or above $69 million, provided that an equitable adjustment may be made if FAD Capital Expenditures is above $69 million as a result
          of Same-Store Occupancy performing above the target level. Why do these metrics matter? These metrics are important measures of the Office segment’s ability to generate internal organic growth and maximize the productivity of these assets and represent a combination of near-term metrics tied to the overall
      enterprise performance expectations for 2019 (Same-Store Cash NOI, GAAP NOI, Same-Store Occupancy) and long-term metrics geared toward future performance (Tenant Satisfaction, FAD Capital Expenditures). How were the goals set? The goals for each financial metric are tied to the range of overall enterprise performance expectations for the Office segment in 2019. Result: Achieved Between Target and Maximum Performance on a Combined Basis. As of December 31, 2019, the Office business segment achieved (i) same-store cash NOI growth of 2.6%, which was between the target and maximum levels, (ii) GAAP NOI of $559 million,
      which was at the maximum level, (iii) same-store occupancy of 92.0%, which was at the target level, (iv) tenant satisfaction of 4.18, which was between the target and maximum levels and (v) FAD capital expenditures of $67 million, which was between
      the target and maximum levels. Individual Performance Metric Goals Weighting Individual performance under management objectives established for each
              Named Executive Officer Individual objectives relate to areas of
            special emphasis within the executive’s particular responsibilities and duties, such as achieving certain cost, NOI or revenue targets, or achieving other extraordinary or unusual accomplishments or contributions, in light of our business risk
            environment 35% Why does this metric matter? A review of each Named Executive Officer’s annual accomplishments enables our Compensation Board Members to
    evaluate the specific contributions of the Named Executive Officer to our success and more closely link pay to performance. How was goal achievement evaluated? Our Compensation Board Members first considered the Company’s achievement of its significant strategic,
    financial and operating goals for 2019: Strategic, Financial and Operating Performance VALUE-CREATING
            INVESTMENTS // Made attractive investments and commitments of nearly $4 billion, including our LGM platform investment // Nearly $1 billion of Research & Innovation developments with leading research universities // Provided $490 million financing at an initial yield of 9% EFFECTIVE AND EFFICIENT CAPITAL MARKETS EXECUTION // First healthcare REIT to establish a Commercial Paper (CP) Program // Proactively enhanced near-term debt maturity profile, resulting in negligible maturities through 2021 (excluding CP and revolver) and
          improved cost of debt // Opportunistic bond issuances to retire shorter term, higher rate bonds // Effectively financed Canadian investments through excellent bank and bond execution // Expanded our strong liquidity position // Maintained robust credit rating FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE // Delivered strong normalized FFO and paid an increased dividend to stockholders // Strong Office and NNN Healthcare portfolio performance, providing ballast to challenging conditions in our senior housing portfolio SUSTAINABILITY,
            VALUES, REPUTATION AND INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP // Strengthened our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) commitment by
            organizing our strategy around three key pillars–People, Performance and Planet–and publishing clear ESG goals aligned to global best practices and the United Nations Sustainability Development Goals // Retained and enhanced our industry leadership position in all ESG areas, earning numerous prestigious awards and recognition // Demonstrated robust commitment to diversity and inclusion principles // Continued to invest in our industry-leading portfolio of energy-efficient buildings // Published our second Corporate Sustainability Report in accordance with GRI, the gold standard
            for sustainability reporting // Accelerated our corporate philanthropic efforts Next, our Compensation Board Members carefully evaluated our Named Executive Officers’ (i) individual efforts and contributions toward attaining the Company’s 2019 strategic goals and
    (ii) achievement of his or her tailored 2019 individual objectives: Name Accomplishments Debra A. Cafaro // Delivered strong financial results, including
            Normalized FFO of $3.85 per share, at the high end of our initially introduced guidance, benefiting from a diverse portfolio led by our strong Office and NNN Healthcare portfolio performance, robust investment activity and excellent capital
            markets execution. // Drove delivery of 3.4% TSR in 2019 despite challenging market conditions in the seniors housing segment. // Demonstrated leadership, commitment and excellence in environmental, social and governance matters: a.   Publication of our second annual Corporate Sustainability Report, reported in compliance with GRI standards. b.   First-time inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (top 10% of industry). c.   Receipt of the 2019 Health Care “Leader in the Light” Award from Nareit (third consecutive year). d.   First-time inclusion in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index. e.   Signatory to the United Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles. f.    #1 ranking among listed healthcare REITs in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment on Sustainability. g.   Placement and top 10 status on the S&P Dow Jones Green REIT Index and FTSE EPRA Nareit Green Index (two new green REIT indices). h.   Continued to build an industry-leading portfolio of 84 ENERGY STAR Certified buildings (earned in current or prior years). Ventas earned
            >50% of the ENERGY STAR certifications for senior care in 2019. Ventas has 45 LEED Certified buildings, which includes eight active developments with a total project cost of approximately $1.1 billion pursuing LEED Certification. i.    Honored as a Corporate Champion by the Women’s Forum of New York and identified as a “Winning Company” by 2020 Women on Boards for our
            representation of females on our Board. j.    Increased philanthropic efforts, totaling more than $10 million, including (i) $9 million donation to support K-8 education in
            Philadelphia, (ii) donations to 30 organizations selected by Company employees and (iii) renewed ongoing marquee relationships with the Greater Chicago Food Depository and Elderserve. k.   Increased diversity education and expanded professional development opportunities. // Earned numerous prestigious recognitions: a.   Named in Harvard Business Review’s CEO 100 (rank #29, and one of only 14 named six consecutive years). b.   100 Most Influential People in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare (fifth consecutive year). c.   Elected as Chair of the Economic Club of Chicago. d.   Inducted to the American Seniors Housing Association (ASHA) Senior Living Hall of Fame. // Balanced short- and long-term objectives, and commenced several
            initiatives designed to position the company for an improving senior housing environment and delivery of Research & Innovation projects. // Supported investment team in nearly $4 billion investments and commitments within established framework: a.   LGM platform investment added an outstanding Canadian senior housing portfolio and a new platform for growth in the attractive Quebec
            market. b.   Five outstanding Research & Innovation development projects closed/announced with top tier research universities. c.   Highly structured and high-yielding financing. d.   Entry into Cambridge, MA life sciences market. // Supported finance team in effective and efficient capital markets activities and enhanced financial strength and liquidity: a.   Established $1 billion commercial paper program. b.   Proactively enhanced near-term debt maturity profile, resulting in negligible maturities through 2021 (excluding CP and revolver) and
            improved cost of debt to 3.5% at year end. c.   $1.4 billion bond issuances, resulting in eight year weighted average maturities for senior notes. d.   Effectively financed our Canadian investment through combination of attractive bond issuance, equity capital and assumption of low-cost
            debt, thereby managing market and currency risks. e.   Enhanced strong liquidity position to $2.6 billion at year end. f.    4.26x fixed charge coverage. g.   BBB+ or equivalent credit rating from three agencies. // Sustained, enhanced and expanded relationships with key partners, operators and the nation’s leading research universities. // Retained and motivated experienced
            team, including recruitment and hiring of dynamic new seniors housing leader and diverse General Counsel. Emphasized performance, positive culture, excellence, team cohesion, integrity, forward focus on risk identification and management and
            improvement actions. Robert F. Probst // Drove the delivery of strong financial results, including delivery of Normalized FFO of $3.85 per share, at
          the high end of our initially introduced guidance. // Executed effective and efficient capital markets strategy, enhancing our financial strength and robust liquidity position: a.   Established $1 billion commercial paper program (first among healthcare REITs). b.   Proactively enhanced near-term debt maturity profile, resulting in negligible maturities through 2021 (excluding CP and revolver) and
            improved cost of debt to 3.5% at year end. c.   Expertly addressed interest rate risk through our $1.4 billion bond issuances to retire shorter term, higher rate bonds, resulting in
            eight year weighted average maturities for senior notes. d.   Effectively managed currency and market risks by financing our LGM platform investment through a CAD$900 million bond issuance at 2.7%
            and a CAD$500 million unsecured bank loan. e.   Enhanced strong liquidity position to $2.6 billion at year end. f.    4.26x fixed charge coverage. g.   BBB+ or equivalent credit rating from three agencies. // Recognized as the 2019 national Public Company CFO of the Year by Financial Executives International. // Continued investment in data analytics to improve insight generation and
            decision-making capabilities. // Financed nearly $4 billion investments and commitments and integrated enhanced risk management function. Developed key
          liquidity and development frameworks. // Entry into 12 lease modifications and operator transitions in our seniors
            housing and NNN leased portfolios. // Proactive outreach to and investment in relationships with analysts, investors, bankers and lenders. // Recruited and retained top talent in
            Finance, Accounting, Investor Relations and IT departments, including recruitment of key diverse leaders. John D. Cobb // Led nearly $4 billion investments and commitments expected to deliver a blended 6.4% stabilized cash yield, including: a.   LGM platform investment, which added an outstanding Canadian senior housing portfolio and provides a new platform for growth in the
            attractive Quebec market with an established leader. b.   Provided $490 million financing at an initial yield of 9%. c.   Entered cluster market life science segment through $128 million acquisition of Class A science building in Cambridge, MA. // Closed/announced five outstanding Research & Innovation development
            projects with top tier research universities totaling nearly $1 billion and made significant progress on remainder of our $1.5 billion near-term Research & Innovation pipeline. // Oversaw evaluation of greater than $33 billion in potential investments and enhanced collaboration between cross-functional
          teams. // Implemented processes to enhance data analytics evaluation. // Closed 21 disposition and loan repayment transactions, generating $440 million proceeds. // Retained and enhanced productive Investments and Construction teams,
            thereby improving our development capabilities and driving accountability. // Led various enterprise-wide initiatives, including evaluation of office space and strategy. Peter J. Bulgarelli // Led delivery of strong same-store cash NOI growth of 2.6% and GAAP NOI of
            $559 million for our growing Office segment, both of which exceed the top range of our guidance. // Upgraded capital allocation capabilities through implementation of portfolio segmentation tool to evaluate each asset.
          Improved customer satisfaction and leasing focus, including national client program. // Delivered enhanced customer satisfaction by developing unique operating
            plan for each asset and creating a formal relationship management program for our largest clients, leading to better resource allocation and enhanced accountability. // Drove step-change improvement in leasing focus by significantly enhancing lease execution process and accelerating timelines
          though construction and implementation of streamlined lease evaluation and execution process. // Recruited and upgraded key talent within the Office
            segment. // Founded and led Company-wide asset management leadership counsel with leaders of each area. // Worked closely
            with Mr. Riney to assume and effectuate a smooth transfer of responsibility for the NNN Healthcare portfolio following Mr. Riney’s retirement. T. Richard Riney // Led and managed all legal aspects of investments, divestitures and leasing arrangements. // Effective oversight of Company’s governance profile, including delivery
            of valuable advice and counsel to the Board. // Oversaw NNN Healthcare portfolio, driving steady growth and superior same-store cash NOI growth for this segment. // Restructured legal support model for the Office segment, resulting in
            enhanced oversight and efficiency. // Key participant in recruitment and onboarding of our next General Counsel, facilitating a smooth transition of his legal
          duties and responsibilities following his retirement. // Executed and implemented transition of NNN Healthcare portfolio
            responsibility to Mr. Bulgarelli. // Upgraded risk management function, allocating additional resources to build out the team and transition leadership and
          oversight to new individuals. // Provided orderly transition of Louisville office leadership to designated
            successor. Result: Prior to the Board’s application of negative discretion to Ms. Cafaro’s award in response to constructive stockholder feedback
    requesting greater pay and performance alignment as described below, our Compensation Board Members determined that Ms. Cafaro achieved between the target and maximum performance levels with respect to her tailored individual objectives. Actual
    performance relative to the threshold, target and maximum levels for our Named Executive Officers is quantified below in the “Earned 2019 Annual Cash Incentive Awards” section. Earned 2019 Annual Cash Incentive Awards Based on the performance summarized above, in January 2020, our Compensation Board Members approved 2019 cash incentive awards for our Named Executive Officers as described below. CEO Payout – Negative Discretion As described above in the “Proactive Investor Outreach” section, the Compensation Board Members applied negative discretion to reduce the CEO’s 2019 annual cash incentive award
    materially, to below the target level, despite above-target performance on both her quantitative and qualitative 2019 annual goals. This resulted in a 50% reduction in her earned annual cash incentive award, which reduced her payout by nearly $1.8
      million . Specifically, based upon actual 2019 annual cash incentive award performance with respect to the pre-established quantitative goals and attainment at 90% of the maximum level with
    respect to our CEO’s qualitative individual performance goals, as measured by our Compensation Board Members, and reflecting Ms. Cafaro’s outstanding long-term performance and current value to the Company, her short-term annual cash incentive award
    payout would have been $3,579,263, or 166% of her target award and 92% of her maximum award for fiscal 2019 performance. However, as a result of Company’s three-year relative TSR underperformance that primarily occurred in the final quarter of 2019, and in order to demonstrate even greater alignment
    between CEO pay and results for stockholders, the Compensation Board Members exercised negative discretion with respect to our CEO’s attainment of both the quantitative and qualitative performance goals under the 2019 annual cash incentive award,
    reducing her 2019 payout by 50% overall, to $1,789,631, which is 83% of her target award and 46% of her maximum award. This 2019 payout, made as the result of the exercise of negative discretion by the Compensation Board Members, is also $1.6 million less than the average short-term incentive payout
    received by the CEO the preceding three-year period, and is her lowest short-term incentive payout since 2008. The table below compares Ms. Cafaro’s actual payout to her potential earned payout (without negative discretion). Goal CEO































              EARNED TOTAL AWARD CEO ACTUAL TOTAL AWARD Payout
              Opportunity Levels Earned Actual Negative Discretion Impact Threshold Target Maximum (%) ($) Normalized FFO/Share $516,000 $860,000 $1,548,000 $1,548,000 $774,000 (50%) ($ 774,000) Fixed Charge Coverage 129,000 215,000 387,000 221,880 110,940 (50%) (110,940) R&I Development Growth 193,500 322,500 580,500 580,500 290,250 (50%) (290,250) Individual Performance 451,500 752,500 1,354,500 1,228,883 614,441 (50%) (614,442) Total $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 $3,579,263 $1,789,631 (50%) ($1,789,632) Other Named Executive Officer Payouts Annual cash incentive awards granted to our other Named Executive Officers for 2019 performance were earned between the target and maximum levels, ranging from 123% to 128% of their
    respective target award opportunities. Named Executive Officer & Goals Threshold Target Maximum Actual Robert F. Probst Normalized FFO/Share $  323,060 $    452,283 $    646,119 $    646,119 Fixed Charge Coverage 80,765 113,071 161,530 115,009 R&I Development Growth 121,147 169,606 242,295 242,295 Individual Performance 282,677 395,748 565,354 384,441 Total for Robert F. Probst $  807,649 $ 1,130,708 $ 1,615,298 $
              1,387,864 John D. Cobb Normalized FFO/Share $  322,480 $   451,472 $    644,960 $    644,960 Fixed Charge Coverage 80,620 112,868 161,240 114,803 R&I Development Growth 120,930 169,302 241,860 241,860 Individual Performance 282,170 395,038 564,340 445,829 Total for John D. Cobb $  806,200 $ 1,128,680 $ 1,612,400 $
              1,447,451 Peter J. Bulgarelli Normalized FFO/Share $   86,400 $    129,600 $    172,800 $    172,800 Fixed Charge Coverage 21,600 32,400 43,200 32,832 R&I Development Growth 32,400 48,600 64,800 64,800 Office – Same Store Cash NOI Growth 40,950 61,425 81,900 76,050 Office – GAAP NOI 40,950 61,425 81,900 81,900 Office – Same Store Occupancy 32,760 49,140 65,520 49,140 Office – Tenant Satisfaction 24,570 36,855 49,140 48,023 Office – FAD Capital Expenditures 24,570 36,855 49,140 42,998 Individual Performance 163,800 245,700 327,600 319,410 Total for Peter J. Bulgarelli $  468,000 $   702,000 $    936,000 $
                  887,953 T. Richard Riney Normalized FFO/Share $  288,456 $   403,838 $   576,912 $    576,912 Fixed Charge Coverage 72,114 100,960 144,228 102,690 R&I Development Growth 108,171 151,439 216,342 216,342 Individual Performance 252,399 353,359 504,798 353,359 Total for T. Richard Riney $  721,140 $ 1,009,596 $ 1,442,280 $
              1,249,303 The dollar value of each Named Executive Officer’s award is set forth in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the 2019 Summary Compensation Table. 2020 Annual Cash Incentive Award Program Metrics In response to investor feedback and consistent with our strategic plan for 2020, our Compensation Board Members approved several changes to the performance metrics for the 2020 annual
    cash incentive award program as compared to 2019: (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage metric was eliminated, (ii) the Research & Innovation Development Growth metric was eliminated, (iii) the Normalized FFO per Share metric weighting was reduced from 40%
    to 30%, (iv) a Liquidity management metric was added at 15% weighting, (v) a Development Investment metric was added at 10% weighting and (vi) a Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric was added at 10% weighting. The individual performance
    assessment metric remained unchanged at 35% weighting for all Named Executive Officers. Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Our Compensation Committee believes that a substantial portion of each Named Executive Officer’s compensation should be in the form of long-term equity incentive compensation. While the
    annual cash incentive program rewards management actions that positively impact short- and mid-term performance, equity incentive awards encourage management to create and sustain stockholder value over longer periods because their value is directly
    attributable to changes in the price of our common stock over time. In addition, equity awards promote management retention because their full value cannot be realized until vesting occurs, which generally requires continued employment for multiple
    years. At the beginning of each performance year, our Compensation Board Members approve specific performance metrics, goals and weightings and an award opportunity range (expressed as multiples of base salary and corresponding to threshold, target and
    maximum levels of performance) for each Named Executive Officer. Our long-term equity incentive compensation program emphasizes our commitment to aligning pay and performance, retaining and motivating talented executives and rewarding superior
    performance without incentivizing undue risk-taking. In addition, our program is consistent with our overall strategy of targeting the total direct compensation of our Named Executive Officers at approximately the market median, subject to adjustment
    based on the unique skills, expertise and individual contributions of each Named Executive Officer. The key features of the 2019 program are summarized below. // Forward-Looking Rather than Retrospective. The 2019 long-term equity incentive compensation program is prospective instead of retrospective. Performance-based awards are earned at a higher or lower level (including zero
            payout) based on future performance, rather than being granted following attainment of specified performance goals. // No Qualitative or Discretionary Goals. Consistent with investor feedback, qualitative or discretionary goals, which comprised 50% of the award opportunity under the program prior to 2017, have been completely eliminated. // Three-Year Measurement Periods. All pRSUs are earned and vest (or are forfeited) at the end of the three-year performance period. // Significant Performance-Based Component. The aggregate target award value for our CEO is allocated such that 70% (increased from 60% in 2018) of the value is performance-based, in the form of pRSUs, and 30% (decreased from 40% in 2018) of the
            value is time-based RSUs. The aggregate target award value for each other Named Executive Officer in 2019 is allocated 60% in the form of pRSUs and 40% in the form of time-based RSUs. // Balanced Mix of Performance Metrics; Substantial Relative TSR Metric Weighting. 51% of the CEO’s overall award opportunity under the 2019 program (and 73.4% of the pRSU award component) may be earned based on two relative TSR metrics. 44% of each other
            Named Executive Officer’s overall award opportunity (and 73.3% of the pRSU award component) may also be earned based on these TSR metrics. Consistent with our investors’ strong preference for the maintenance of a risk mitigation metric, the
            remaining portion of the pRSU component for all our Named Executive Officers may be earned based on the three-year average of the ratio of the Company’s net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA. // Three-Year RSU Vesting Period. Time-based RSUs will vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date to promote retention, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment with the
            Company on each such date. No portion of the RSUs will be vested as of the grant date. // Double-Trigger Vesting. All awards granted under the 2019 program are subject to double-trigger vesting upon the consummation of a change of control. // Dividends Paid on pRSUs when Earned, if at All. Dividend equivalents are accrued and paid on our Named Executive Officers’ pRSUs if and to the extent pRSUs are earned based on performance during the applicable performance period, generally
            subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment through the end of the applicable performance period. Long-Term Equity Incentive Award Opportunities 2019 Opportunities In late 2018 and early 2019, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2019 long-term equity incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers, which remained
            unchanged from 2018 opportunities (as a percentage of base salary) for all except Ms. Cafaro and Mr. Bulgarelli. Ms. Cafaro : // Performance-based component increased from 60% to
              70% Ø Further links CEO’s total compensation opportunity to the Company’s performance, in response to stockholder feedback Ø Time-based equity opportunity reduced $689,500 // Threshold opportunity decreased 9%, target and
              maximum opportunities increased 6% and 12%, respectively Ø Lower potential payouts for below-target performance Ø Further incentivizes outperformance in line with the Company’s pay-for-performance culture Ø Adjustments largely driven by stockholder-focused decision to tie a larger portion of CEO’s long-term equity opportunity to Company performance // CEO will only benefit from these structural changes
              in her long-term equity incentive compensation opportunities if the Company maintains superior performance relative to the preestablished, 100% objective and rigorous 2019 pRSU goals, rewarding outperformance in line with the Company’s
              pay-for-performance culture Mr. Bulgarelli : 25% increase to his threshold, target and maximum opportunities, inclusive of his 2019 base salary adjustment // Reflects his excellent 2018 performance and to
              bring his target total direct compensation closer to the market median 2020 Opportunities In early 2020, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2020 long-term equity incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers, which remained unchanged from
            2019 opportunities (as a percentage of base salary) for all except Mr. Bulgarelli. Mr. Bulgarelli : 25% increase to his threshold, target and maximum opportunities, inclusive of his 2020 base salary adjustment // Approved in connection with our excellent Office
              performance, expansion of his responsibilities, growing Office portfolio and to bring his total compensation opportunity closer to market median No
            opportunity increases for top three Named Executive Officers in 2020 Named Executive Officer 2018 Total Long-Term Equity Incentive Opportunity 2019 Total Long-Term Equity Incentive Opportunity 2020 Total Long-Term Equity Incentive Opportunity Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Debra A. Cafaro $4,635,000 $8,305,000 $13,355,000 $4,229,550 $8,775,000 $14,978,925 $4,229,550 $8,775,000 $14,978,925 Robert F. Probst 1,787,805 2,979,675 4,416,192 1,841,439 3,069,065 4,542,216 1,841,439 3,069,065 4,542,216 John D. Cobb 1,784,599 2,974,331 4,408,272 1,838,136 3,063,560 4,534,069 1,838,136 3,063,560 4,534,069 Peter J. Bulgarelli 675,000 1,125,000 1,665,000 842,400 1,404,000 2,077,920 1,051,096 1,752,660 2,593,937 T. Richard Riney (1) 1,285,200 2,142,000 3,170,160 1,298,052 2,163,420 3,201,862 — — — (1) Mr. Riney was not eligible to receive a long-term equity incentive award in 2020 due to his retirement from the Company. At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s long-term equity incentive award opportunities to be within the competitive range given each
    individual’s unique skills, expertise and contributions. 2019 Long-Term Equity Incentive Award Performance Metrics and Goals For 2019, pRSUs may be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s three-year performance from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2021 in relation to the following three performance
    metrics. Three-Year Relative TSR Compared to the MSCI U.S. REIT Index Metric Achievement Goal Weighting pRSU Component Total




















              Opportunity TSR relative to the MSCI U.S. REIT Index for the same period (from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019) Below Threshold - No Payout Below - 500 basis points 36.7% (CEO) 25.7% (CEO) Threshold - 500 basis points Target Equal to Index 36.7% (Non-CEO) 22% (Non-CEO) Maximum + 500 basis points Why does this metric matter? TSR is the most direct measure of our creation and preservation of stockholder value. The MSCI U.S. REIT Index is
    comprised of small, mid and large cap REITs across a diverse set of industries and therefore represents an appropriate index against which we should compare our long-term TSR performance and reward our Named Executive Officers for superior performance. How were the goals set? Following discussions with our largest stockholders and a comprehensive review of relative TSR metrics utilized at peer
    companies prior to adopting our forward-looking program in 2017, we selected a -500 basis points to + 500 basis points band to (i) provide a market-based spread of performance across potential performance scenarios in line with our peer companies, (ii)
    cap payments to our Named Executive Officers beyond a challenging point of outperformance and (iii) create a “zero payout” scenario in the case of below threshold underperformance. Three-Year Relative TSR Compared to the FTSE Nareit Equity Health Care Index Metric Achievement Goal Weighting pRSU Component Total




















              Opportunity TSR relative to the FTSE Nareit Equity Health Care Index for the same period (from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019) Below Threshold - No Payout Below - 500 basis points 36.7% (CEO) 25.7% (CEO) Threshold - 500 basis points Target Equal to Index 36.7% (Non-CEO) 22% (Non-CEO) Maximum + 500 basis points Why does this metric matter? TSR is the most direct measure of our creation and preservation of stockholder value. The FTSE Nareit Equity
    Health Care Index is comprised of all healthcare REITs and therefore represents an appropriate index against which we should compare our long-term TSR performance and reward our Named Executive Officers for superior performance. How were the goals set? Following discussions with our largest stockholders and a comprehensive review of relative TSR metrics utilized at peer
    companies prior to adopting our forward-looking program in 2017, we selected a -500 basis points to + 500 basis points band to (i) provide a market-based spread of performance across potential performance scenarios in line with our peer companies, (ii)
    cap payments to our Named Executive Officers beyond a challenging point of outperformance and (iii) create a “zero payout” scenario in the case of below threshold underperformance. Three-Year Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA Metric Weighting pRSU Component Total Opportunity Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA (simple average of 12 quarter-ends from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019) 26.6% (CEO) 18.6% (CEO) 26.7% (Non-CEO) 16% (Non-CEO) Why does this metric matter? Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to
    generate sufficient cash flow earnings to meet our debt obligations. Our commitment to financial strength and flexibility—of which Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA is a key measure and an important element of our comprehensive risk
    management program—is especially important for REITs, which are required to distribute to stockholders a substantial portion of their annual taxable net income. By maintaining such financial strength, we are able to preserve and enhance stockholder
    value. First, during recessionary economic cycles or other impacts to our EBITDA, a strong Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA enables us to weather downturns and continue to meet
    our debt obligations without impairing stockholder capital through dilutive equity offerings or distressed asset sales. In addition, this financial strength enables us to create stockholder value by enabling us to be opportunistic as we continue to
    execute on our acquisition and investment strategy. It also enables us to maintain a strong BBB+ or better credit rating, which enhances our cost of capital (a critical component of our continued investment strategy) and provides us with more
    consistent access to the debt capital markets even during periods of capital market disruption. We seek to maintain a strong Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA ratio, while avoiding suboptimal capitalization from an unnecessarily low ratio.
    This metric is balanced with our Normalized FFO per share growth metric to incent prudent growth while managing risk. How were the goals set? These goals have been set in alignment with our financial plan and business outlook, including funding our R&I pipeline and other value-creating investments. In accordance with SEC reporting rules, the Company will disclose
      the specific threshold, target and maximum goal levels and our performance relative to such targets in the proxy statement immediately following the conclusion of the pRSU performance period. Form and Amount of 2019 Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards Our 2019 long-term equity incentive program consisted of two components: (i) pRSUs, which comprise 70% of the regular award opportunity for our CEO and 60% for our other Named Executive
    Officers and (ii) time-based RSUs, which comprise 30% of the regular award opportunity for our CEO and 40% for our other Named Executive Officers. In accordance with SEC reporting rules, the dollar value of each Named Executive Officer’s 2019 forward-looking equity awards is reported as 2019 compensation in the “Stock Awards”
    columns of the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement (including pRSU awards reported at the target level), even though (i) the awards, if earned at all, may vest at a higher or lower amount (including zero for below threshold
    performance, as was the case for both relative TSR metrics upon vesting of the 2017 pRSUs at the end of 2019) and the stock price may vary at vesting from the grant date price, (ii) the relevant performance period for pRSUs will conclude at the end of
    2021 and (iii) no portion of the 2019 time-based RSUs vested in 2019. 2019 pRSUs The range of pRSU payouts is 0% - 201% of target for Ms. Cafaro and 0% - 180% for the other Named Executive Officers. Ms. Cafaro received pRSUs with a target award opportunity of 571% of
    her base salary with threshold and maximum award opportunities of 26% of target and 201% of target, respectively. Each Named Executive Officer other than Ms. Cafaro received pRSUs with target award opportunities ranging from 180% - 285% of their base
    salaries, with threshold and maximum award opportunities of 33% of target and 180% of target, respectively. The table below sets forth each Named Executive Officer’s award opportunity, which was determined by dividing the award dollar amount approved
    by our Compensation Board Members by the closing price of our stock on the grant date: Named Executive Officer Threshold pRSUs Target pRSUs Maximum pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro 25,051 96,352 193,669 Robert F. Probst 9,628 28,885 51,993 John D. Cobb 9,611 28,833 51,900 Peter J. Bulgarelli 4,404 13,214 23,785 T. Richard Riney 6,787 20,361 36,650 These awards will be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance from January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2021 in relation to the preestablished performance goals described
    above. Dividends will be accrued on pRSU awards and will be paid if and to the extent pRSUs are earned and ultimately pay out to award recipients. These pRSUs are intended to reward long-term performance, strengthen our pay for performance linkage with
    our stockholders and enhance retention of our Named Executive Officers. 2019 Time-Based RSUs The grant date value of the time-based RSU component was equal to 245% of Ms. Cafaro’s base salary and ranged from 120% to 190% of each other Named Executive Officer’s base salary. Named Executive Officer Time-Based RSUs Debra A. Cafaro 41,294 Robert F. Probst 19,256 John D. Cobb 19,222 Peter J. Bulgarelli 8,809 T. Richard Riney 13,574 One third of the time-based RSUs will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment with the
    Company on each such date. These time-based awards are intended to enhance retention among our Named Executive Officers. Dividends
    are paid on time-based awards in the same manner as paid to all of our stockholders. 2017 pRSU Goal Achievement and Payout In February 2020, our Compensation Board Members certified achievement of the pRSU performance goals for the January 1, 2017 – December 31, 2019 performance period and approved payout of
    the 2017 pRSUs as follows: 2017 pRSU Achievement Performance Goal Weighting Achievement Goal Cafaro Probst Cobb Bulgarelli (1) Riney (2) Three-Year Relative TSR Compared to the MSCI REIT Index 5/12 of total target award Below Threshold Below - 500 basis points 0 0 0 — 0 Threshold - 500 basis points 10,213 4,118 4,051 — 3,000 Target Equal to Index 31,239 10,296 10,128 — 7,500 Maximum + 500 basis points 68,607 18,533 18,232 — 13,501 Actual - 556
              basis points 0 0 0 — 8,891 Three-Year Relative TSR Compared to the FTSE Nareit Equity Health Care Index 7/24 of total target award Below Threshold Below - 500 basis points 0 0 0 — 0 Threshold - 500 basis points 7,148 2,883 2,836 — 2,100 Target Equal to Index 21,868 7,207 7,090 — 5,250 Maximum + 500 basis points 48,025 12,973 12,762 — 9,450 Actual - 707 basis points 0 0 0 — 3,469 Three-Year Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA 7/24 of total target award Below Threshold Above 6.0x 0 0 0 — 0 Threshold 6.0x 7,148 2,883 2,836 — 2,100 Target 5.8x 21,868 7,207 7,090 — 5,250 Maximum 5.6x 48,025 12,973 12,762 — 9,450 Actual 5.63x 44,101 12,108 11,911 — 8,785 Total Earned pRSUs 44,101 12,108 11,911 — 21,145 (1) Mr. Bulgarelli commenced employment with the Company in 2018 and therefore was not eligible to earn 2017 long-term equity incentive
          awards. (2) Mr. Riney retired from the Company and transitioned to a consultant to the Company on October 15, 2019, which entitled him to earn a prorated 2017 pRSU
          award based on actual achievement vs. the performance goals through October 15, 2019. Mr. Riney’s full potential 2017 pRSU awards are reported above in the threshold, target and maximum rows but Mr. Riney’s actual awards are reported on a
          prorated basis. 2020 Long-Term Equity Incentive Award Metrics The two relative TSR metrics and weightings remained unchanged from 2019, meaning that greater than 70% of the 2020 pRSU value for our Named Executive Officers continues to be tied to
    rigorous relative TSR metrics. In response to investor feedback and consistent with our strategic plan and commitment to ESG initiatives, our Compensation Board Members approved multiple changes to the performance metrics and goals for the 2020 pRSUs
    as compared to 2019: (i) the three-year Reported Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric was eliminated, (ii) a three-year Research & Innovation Pipeline Openings metric was added at 11.7% weighting for the CEO and 10% weighting for all other
    Named Executive Officers and (iii) a quantitative Gender Balance metric focused on improving the Company’s representation of women employees was added at 6.9% weighting for the CEO and 6% weighting for all other Named Executive Officers, in alignment
    with our inclusive Company culture and values. Other Benefits and Perquisites Our executive compensation program focuses on the elements described above, with extremely limited provision of perquisites. Our Named Executive Officers are generally eligible to
    participate in the same benefit programs that we offer to other employees, which in 2019 included the following: // health, dental and vision insurance (of which we paid 90% of the premium in 2019); // short-term disability, long-term disability and life insurance coverage (at no cost to the employee); and // participation in a 401(k) plan (to which we made matching contributions up to 3.5% of the employee’s base salary, up to the federal limit,
          in 2019). We believe these benefits are competitive with overall market practices. In addition, we provide certain limited perquisites and other benefits to attract and retain superior employees
    for key positions. The only benefits provided to our Named Executive Officers in 2019 that was not otherwise available to all employees consisted of legacy supplemental disability and life insurance coverage, including reimbursement for taxes relating
    to that life insurance coverage, for Ms. Cafaro, as well as an opportunity to receive an executive physical medical examination. Our Compensation Committee periodically reviews the perquisites and other personal benefits provided to each Named
    Executive Officer and has determined that they are consistent with current market practice. Except for the eligibility to participate in, and our matching contributions to, the 401(k) plan, as described above, we do not provide our Named Executive
    Officers with any retirement benefits. Other Policies // Severance Benefits. As described in detail and quantified below in the “Employment and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers” section, our Named Executive Officers are entitled to receive
            severance benefits under existing agreements upon certain qualifying terminations of employment (subject to any required payment delay pursuant to Section 409A of the Code). Generally, these severance arrangements support executive retention
            and continuity of management and provide replacement income if an executive is terminated involuntarily other than for cause. None of our executive officers are entitled to severance benefits solely upon a change of control of our company.
            Moreover, none of our Named Executive Officers are entitled to any tax gross-ups with respect to payments made in connection with a change of control. In 2013, consistent with our commitment to strong corporate governance and responsiveness to
            our stockholders, our Board adopted a policy against tax gross-up arrangements, which formalized our existing practice of not entering into new tax gross-up arrangements with our executive officers. // Tax Considerations. Section 162(m) of the Code generally places a limit of $1 million on the amount of compensation that we may deduct in any year with respect to certain covered executive officers. Although we consider the impact
              of Section 162(m), as well as other tax and accounting consequences, when developing and implementing our executive compensation programs, our Compensation Committee retains flexibility to make compensation decisions that do not meet the
              requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m) when it considers it appropriate or necessary to do so. In addition, due to ambiguities and uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of Section 162(m) of the Code, no assurances can be given that compensation
            would satisfy the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m), even if intended to do so. Accordingly, our Compensation Committee may approve compensation that exceeds the $1 million limit or does not otherwise meet the requirements of
            Section 162(m). // Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers. Our minimum share ownership guidelines require each executive officer to maintain a minimum equity investment in our company based upon a multiple (six times in the case of the
            CEO and three times in the case of all other executive officers) of his or her base salary at the time his or her compliance with the guidelines is evaluated. Each executive officer must achieve the minimum equity investment within five years
            from the date he or she first becomes subject to the guidelines and, until that time, must retain at least 60% of the shares of our common stock granted to the executive officer or purchased by the executive officer through the exercise of
            stock options. The independent members of our Board annually review each executive officer’s compliance with the guidelines as of July 1. All of our executive officers (other than Mr. Bulgarelli, who is still subject to the transition period)
            are currently in compliance with the minimum share ownership guidelines. Except as described above, our minimum share ownership guidelines and our 2012 Incentive Plan do not specify a minimum holding period for stock options, restricted stock
            or other equity grants. // Recoupment Policy. The Board has adopted a Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation that allows us to recapture amounts paid to our executive officers under certain circumstances. Under this policy, our Compensation
              Committee may require an executive officer to repay all or a portion of any excess cash or equity incentive compensation he or she received during the preceding three-year period if the incentive compensation was based on achieving certain
              financial results that were later required to be restated due to our material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement. Following the SEC’s adoption of final rules regarding executive compensation recoupment policies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
            Act, we will review our recoupment policy and make any changes necessary to comply with the final rules. // Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy. Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from engaging in derivative and other hedging transactions in our securities and restricts our executive officers
            and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans without the approval of our Audit Committee. No executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in margin accounts at
            any time during 2019. Compensation
    Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has recommended to the
    Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference into the 2019 Form 10-K. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Richard I. Gilchrist, Chair Roxanne M. Martino James D. Shelton 2019 Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, each of our Named Executive Officers: Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards (1)(2) Option Awards (2) Non-Equity



















              Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Compensation (3) Total Debra A. Cafaro Chairman of the Board and CEO 2019 $1,075,000 $     — $ 8,354,679 $       — $ 1,789,631 (4) $ 129,025 $11,348,335 2018 1,075,000 — 8,211,805 — 3,749,600 79,797 13,116,202 2017 1,075,000 — 17,385,196 3,530,299 3,199,200 64,912 25,254,607 Robert F. Probst EVP and Chief Financial Officer 2019 646,119 — 2,835,139 — 1,387,864 24,155 4,893,277 2018 627,300 — 2,838,860 — 1,518,850 10,591 4,995,601 2017 615,000 — 5,647,649 973,955 1,357,613 10,080 8,604,297 John D. Cobb EVP and Chief Investment Officer 2019 644,960 — 2,830,077 — 1,447,451 20,228 4,942,716 2018 626,175 — 2,833,802 — 1,516,126 14,250 4,990,353 2017 605,000 — 5,502,415 906,278 1,335,538 10,080 8,359,311 Peter J. Bulgarelli (5) EVP, Office; President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. 2019 468,000 — 1,296,989 — 887,953 16,867 2,669,809 2018 329,178 675,000 979,000 — 77,824 4,318 2,065,320 T. Richard Riney (6) Former EVP, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Ethics and Compliance Officer 2019 576,912 — 1,998,507 — — 1,276,584 3,852,003 2018 571,200 — 2,040,801 — 1,338,036 12,397 3,962,434 2017 560,000 — 4,436,973 890,050 1,221,500 12,222 7,120,745 (1) The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column for 2019 reflect the full grant date fair value (“GDFV”) of the 2019 pRSUs and the 2019
          time-based RSUs, calculated pursuant to FASB guidance relating to fair value provisions for share-based payments. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2019 Form 10-K for a discussion of the assumptions
          used in calculating GDFV. For further information on these awards, see the 2019 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table and 2019 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table in this Proxy Statement. These grant date award values, including the
          maximum potential value of pRSUs as of the grant date, are shown below. Name Time-Based










              RSUs pRSUs
              (at Target) Total
              Grant Date Fair Value Maximum
              Value of pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro $ 2,632,493 $ 5,722,186 $ 8,354,679 $ 11,501,683 Robert F. Probst 1,227,570 1,607,569 2,835,139 2,893,621 John D. Cobb 1,225,403 1,604,674 2,830,077 2,888,442 Peter J. Bulgarelli 561,574 735,415 1,296,989 1,323,734 T. Richard Riney 865,343 1,133,164 1,998,507 2,039,727 (2) In accordance with SEC reporting rules, amounts shown in the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns for 2017 include the GDFV of
          (i) the final backward-looking restricted stock and option awards that were granted in 2017 but earned based on 2016 performance, (ii) the initial forward-looking pRSU and RSU awards granted in 2017 but earned (or forfeited) based on 2017-19
          performance and (iii) time-based one-time RSU transition equity awards designed to partially mitigate the temporary realized pay reduction that occurred upon adoption of our forward-looking plan. The amounts shown in the table do not include the greater than $6.2 million equity compensation forfeitures , inclusive of related dividend equivalents, that occurred as a result of our below-threshold performance (and zero payouts upon vesting) for both relative TSR metrics
          under our 2017 pRSU awards, calculated as follows: Name MSCI
              TSR pRSUs (2017 Target) FTSE
              TSR pRSUs (2017 Target) Forfeited TSR pRSUs (Total 2017 Target) Forfeited pRSUs (Value at $62.22 Grant Price) Dividend Equivalent Forfeiture Total
              Forfeiture Value Debra A. Cafaro 31,239 21,868 53,107 $
            3,304,318 $ 459,641 $
              3,763,959 Robert F. Probst 10,296 7,207 17,503 1,089,037 151,488 1,240,525 John D. Cobb 10,128 7,090 17,218 1,071,304 149,022 1,220,326 Total 51,663 36,165 87,828 $
              5,464,658 $ 760,151 $
              6,224,810 (3) The 2019 All Other Compensation amounts include supplemental disability and life insurance premiums, group term life insurance
          premiums (“GTL”), GTL tax reimbursement, 401(k) matching contributions, amounts relating to executive physicals and accrued interest on dividend equivalents earned upon pRSU vesting, as shown below. Name Supp.
              Disability Supp.
              Life GTL GTL Tax 401(k) Exec.
              Physical pRSU Interest Total Debra A. Cafaro $ 73,391 $ 19,243 $ 2,772 $ 2,333 $ 9,800 $   — $ 21,486 $129,025 Robert F. Probst — — 966 — 9,800 7,490 5,899 24,155 John D. Cobb — — 630 — 9,800 3,995 5,803 20,228 Peter J. Bulgarelli — — 2,772 — 9,800 4,295 — 16,867 T. Richard Riney — — 2,195 — 9,800 4,295 10,991 27,281 (4) Ms. Cafaro’s 2019 amount reflects the Compensation Board Members’ application of negative discretion,
            which reduced Ms. Cafaro’s 2019 award by 50% (nearly $1.8 million) from her earned amount , as further described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. (5) The table omits 2017 amounts for Mr. Bulgarelli because he joined the Company in 2018. Since Mr. Bulgarelli was
          guaranteed a minimum target annual cash incentive award for 2018 only, we included such target amount in the 2018 Bonus column and the amount earned in excess of his target award in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column. (6) Mr. Riney retired from the Company and transitioned to a Senior Advisor role on October 15, 2019. His amount shown in the Base Salary column































          for 2019 includes his 2019 base salary through October 15, 2019 and consulting fees (at the same rate as his 2019 base salary) he earned through December 31, 2019. His amount shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2019 includes
          his full 2019 annual cash incentive award ($1,249,303) earned in accordance with the terms of his Consulting Agreement with the Company. 2019 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table The following table provides additional information relating to grants of plan-based awards made to our Named Executive Officers during 2019: Name Grant Date Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated future payouts under equity incentive plan awards All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units Grant
              Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (1) Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Debra A. Cafaro — (2) $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 — — — — $       — 2/11/2019 (3) — — — 25,051 96,352 193,669 — 5,722,186 2/11/2019 (4) — — — — — — 41,294 2,632,493 Robert F. Probst — (2) 807,649 1,130,708 1,615,298 — — — — — 2/11/2019 (3) — — — 9,628 28,885 51,993 — 1,607,569 2/11/2019 (4) — — — — — — 19,256 1,227,570 John D. Cobb — (2) 806,200 1,128,680 1,612,400 — — — — — 2/11/2019 (3) — — — 9,611 28,833 51,900 — 1,604,674 2/11/2019 (4) — — — — — — 19,222 1,225,403 Peter J. Bulgarelli — (2) 468,000 702,000 936,000 — — — — — 2/11/2019 (3) — — — 4,404 13,214 23,785 — 735,415 2/11/2019 (4) — — — — — — 8,809 561,574 T. Richard Riney — (2) 721,140 1,009,596 1,442,280 — — — — — 2/11/2019 (3) — — — 6,787 20,361 36,650 — 1,133,164 2/11/2019 (4) — — — — — — 13,574 865,343 (1) The amounts shown reflect the full grant date fair value of the awards calculated pursuant to FASB guidance regarding
          fair value provisions for share-based payments. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2019 Form 10-K for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair value. (2) The amounts shown represent each Named Executive Officer’s threshold, target and maximum annual cash incentive
          opportunities for performance in 2019. These opportunities were approved by our Compensation Board Members in January 2019. The actual amount of each Named Executive Officer’s award is based on the achievement of certain performance goals as
          discussed in our CD&A. The annual cash incentive awards earned by our Named Executive Officers for performance in 2019 were paid during the first quarter of 2020. Such earned awards are shown in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation”
          column (or, in the case of Mr. Riney only, in the “All Other Compensation” column) of the 2019 Summary Compensation Table. (3) The amounts shown represent our Named Executive Officer’s threshold, target and maximum pRSU award opportunities for
          performance from January 1, 2019 – December 31, 2021. These opportunities were approved by our Compensation Board Members in January 2019. The actual amount of each Named Executive Officer’s earned pRSUs, if any, will be based on the achievement
          of certain performance goals as discussed in our CD&A. (4) The amounts shown reflect time-based RSUs granted to our Named Executive Officers as part of the forward-looking long-term equity incentive
          plan for 2019. These shares vest in three equal annual installments, with the first installment vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant. 2019 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table The following table sets forth information regarding equity-based awards granted to our Named Executive Officers that were outstanding at December 31, 2019: Name Option Awards (1) Stock
              Awards (1) Number
              of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable Number
              of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (2) Option
              Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Number
              of Shares or Units That Have Not Vested (3) Market
              Value of Shares or Units That Have Not Vested (4) Equity
              Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (5) Equity
              Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (4) Debra A. Cafaro 216,906 — $ 46.88 1/18/2022 — $        — — $         — 208,802 — 55.50 1/23/2023 — — — — 401,756 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 377,758 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 123,870 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 673,079 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 97,580 5,634,269 185,509 11,434,296 Robert F. Probst 26,083 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 33,592 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 185,692 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 39,073 2,256,075 60,872 3,760,631 John D. Cobb 28,724 — 59.21 3/8/2023 — — — — 26,634 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 78,753 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 31,005 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 31,005 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 31,004 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 31,004 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 172,789 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 38,923 2,247,414 60,763 3,753,898 Peter J. Bulgarelli — — — — 14,831 856,342 26,763 1,641,070 T. Richard Riney 78,844 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 29,702 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 29,701 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 29,701 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 169,695 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — (1) All awards are reported on a post-spin-off of Care Capital Properties, Inc. (the “Spin-off”) basis in order to reflect the arithmetic adjustment made to outstanding awards as of
            August 17, 2015, the effective date of the Spin-off, in order to exclude the impact of the Spin-off. The awards granted to our current Named Executive Officers shown in these columns (awards granted as of December 31, 2019) will vest (or have
            vested) as follows: Date Ms. Cafaro (Stock Units) Mr. Probst (Stock Units) Mr. Cobb (Stock Units) Mr. Bulgarelli (Stock Units) Mr. Riney (Stock Units) 2020 January 18 16,661 5,601 5,510 January 24 19,813 7,108 7,096 February 11 13,765 6,419 6,408 2,937 April 9 3,011 December 31* 0 – 179,513 0 – 57,690 0 – 57,587 0 – 24,390 2021 January 24 19,812 7,108 7,095 February 11 13,765 6,419 6,407 2,936 April 9 3,011 December 31* 0 – 193,669 0 – 51,993 0 – 51,900 0 – 23,785 2022 February 11 13,764 6,418 6,407 2,936 * The pRSU awards are reported on these rows in a range because the pRSUs may be earned (or are forfeited) based on the Company’s performance
            against preestablished performance goals from January 1, 2018 – December 31, 2020 or January 1, 2019 – December 31, 2021, as applicable. Earned awards, if any, will be paid out in the first quarter of the year following the end of the
            performance period. (2) All previously issued outstanding option awards are fully vested and will expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant dates. (3) Outstanding time-based RSUs vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Our Named Executive
            Officers are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested time-based RSUs. (4) For purposes of the table, the market value of time-based RSUs and pRSU awards that have not vested is determined by multiplying the number of
            shares/units by $57.74, the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2019. (5) Outstanding pRSU awards may be earned and vest, if at all, in a single installment following the end of the applicable three-year performance
            period the date of grant. The pRSUs are reported at the target level because we are required by SEC rules to compare our performance through 2019 under the pRSU grant against the threshold, target and maximum performance levels for the grant
            and report the applicable potential share number. If the performance is between levels, we are required to report the potential payout at the next highest level. For example, if performance through the previous year exceeded target, even by
            only a modest amount, and even if it is unlikely that we will achieve the results that would dictate the payment of the maximum amount, we are required by SEC rules to report the maximum potential payouts. For the first year of the 2019-2021
            performance period and the first two years of the 2018-2020 performance period, we tracked between the threshold and target levels of performance against the three pRSU performance goals on a combined basis and have accordingly reported the
            pRSUs at the target award levels. These amounts exclude the pRSU awards for the 2017-2019 performance period that vested based on the Company’s performance through December 31, 2019 and are reported in the “2019 Options Exercised and Stock
            Vested” table. Dividend equivalents are accrued and paid on our Named Executive Officers’ pRSUs if and to the extent pRSUs are earned based on performance
            during the applicable performance period, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment through the end of the applicable performance period. Thus, the unit amounts reported in the table also include the following
            accrued dividend equivalents at the target level (which are not paid unless and until the performance goals are met with respect to the underlying pRSUs): Name 2018-2020 pRSU Dividend Equivalents 2019-2021 pRSU Dividend Equivalents Total Dividend Equivalents Debra A. Cafaro $  493,930 $  229,077 $  723,007 Robert F. Probst 177,208 68,674 245,882 John D. Cobb 176,892 68,550 245,443 Peter J. Bulgarelli 64,358 31,416 95,774 T. Richard Riney — — — 2019 Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table The following table sets forth information regarding the value realized by our Named Executive Officers pursuant to the vesting or exercise of
    equity-based awards during 2019: Name Option Awards (1) Stock Awards (1) Number of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise Value Realized Upon Exercise Number of Shares Acquired Upon Vesting Value Realized Upon Vesting(2) Debra A. Cafaro 224,248 $ 4,475,983 151,802 $ 9,138,491 Robert F. Probst — — 48,716 2,940,137 John D. Cobb — — 47,871 2,889,197 Peter J. Bulgarelli — — 3,012 187,075 T. Richard Riney 29,702 494,835 101,791 7,040,310 (1) If a Named Executive Officer used share withholding to pay the exercise price of options or to satisfy the tax obligations with respect to the
            option exercise or the vesting of restricted stock or RSUs, the number of shares acquired and the value realized were less than the amounts shown. (2) The amounts shown in this column reflect the value of the earned 2017-19 pRSUs and RSUs, as applicable, based on the closing price of our common
            stock on the vesting dates. For Mr. Riney, this column includes the 2017, 2018 and 2019 pRSU awards he earned on a prorated basis in accordance with actual performance vs. the applicable performance goals through his October 15, 2019 retirement
            from the Company. Employment and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers We are party to the following employment and severance agreements with our Named Executive Officers: // a second amended and restated employment agreement with Ms. Cafaro dated March 22, 2011 (the “Cafaro Employment Agreement”); // an offer letter to Mr. Probst dated September 16, 2014, and an employee protection and non-competition agreement with Mr. Probst dated September 16, 2014, as
            amended (collectively, the “Probst Employee Protection Agreement”); // an employee protection and noncompetition agreement with Mr. Cobb dated October 21, 2013, as amended (the “Cobb Employee Protection Agreement”); // an employee protection and noncompetition agreement with Mr. Bulgarelli dated March 20, 2018 (the “Bulgarelli Employee Protection Agreement”); and // a consulting agreement with Mr. Riney dated October 15, 2019 (the “Riney Consulting Agreement”) and, prior to October 15, 2019, (i) an amended and restated
            employment agreement with Mr. Riney dated July 31, 1998, as amended (the “Former Riney Employment Agreement”), and (ii) an amended and restated change-in-control severance agreement with Mr. Riney dated March 22, 2011 (the “Former Riney
            Severance Agreement”). Under these agreements, our current Named Executive Officers are entitled to receive severance benefits upon certain qualifying terminations of employment (subject to any
    required payment delay pursuant to Section 409A of the Code). At the time we entered into each of the agreements, our Compensation Board Members considered the potential severance benefits to be necessary to attract and retain top executives and,
    generally based on market compensation analyses of the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, to be consistent with then current competitive market practices. None of the current agreements provide for any tax gross-up payments
    in connection with a change of control, and in 2013, consistent with our commitment to strong corporate governance and responsiveness to stockholders, we formalized our existing practice of not entering into new tax gross-up arrangements with our
    executive officers. Cafaro Employment Agreement The Cafaro Employment Agreement provides Ms. Cafaro with an annual base salary of not less than $915,000 and eligibility to participate in our incentive
    and other employee benefit plans. The Cafaro Employment Agreement also requires that we provide Ms. Cafaro with $2 million of life insurance coverage and executive disability coverage that would provide annual benefits of at least 100% of her base
    salary. Under the Cafaro Employment Agreement, the term of Ms. Cafaro’s employment will continue until terminated or the Cafaro Employment Agreement is amended. Upon termination of Ms. Cafaro’s employment for any reason, Ms. Cafaro will be subject to
    noncompetition and nonsolicitation restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality and nondisparagement restrictions. Under the terms of the Cafaro Employment Agreement, Ms. Cafaro is entitled to the benefits summarized below upon the event specified. Under certain
    circumstances, Ms. Cafaro’s severance payments or other benefits are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon her by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. Termination For Cause 1 or Without Good Reason 2 // None Change of Control 3 Without a Termination of Employment // None Termination Other Than For Cause or With Good Reason (In connection with a Change of Control or otherwise) // Prorated portion of Target Bonus 4 for the year of termination // 3x sum of (x) base salary in effect, plus (y) Target Bonus for the year of termination // Full vesting of all restricted stock, stock options and other performance-related compensation (assuming maximum individual and company performance) // Continuation of medical, dental, life and disability insurance benefits for two years // Outplacement services, including executive office space and an executive secretary, for one year following termination, with an aggregate cost not to exceed $50,000 Death/Disability // Prorated portion of Target Bonus for the year of termination // Continuation of medical and dental insurance benefits for two years (disability only) (1) “Cause” means Ms. Cafaro’s: (1) conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a crime involving moral turpitude; or (2) willful and material
            breach of her duties and responsibilities that is directly and materially harmful to our business and reputation and that is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such conduct is in our best interests and, with respect to
            (2), the Board’s adoption of a resolution by a vote of at least 75% of its members so finding after giving Ms. Cafaro and her attorney an opportunity to be heard. (2) “Good Reason” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) a diminution in Ms. Cafaro’s position, authority, duties or
            responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer (Ms. Cafaro ceasing to be the chief executive officer of a publicly traded company following a transaction in which we are a participant will constitute a diminution under this clause (1)); (2) a
            reduction in Ms. Cafaro’s base salary, maximum annual bonus opportunity or, except as uniformly applicable to all of our similarly situated executives, benefits and perquisites; (3) our requiring Ms. Cafaro to relocate her principal business
            office to a location more than 30 miles from her existing office; (4) our failure or refusal to comply with any provision of the Cafaro Employment Agreement; (5) certain events of bankruptcy involving our company; and (6) our failure to obtain
            the assumption of the Cafaro Employment Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of our business and/or assets. (3) “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) beneficial ownership by any “person” or “group” (as those terms are
            defined in the Exchange Act), other than us, our subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, of 20% or more of any class of our outstanding equity securities or the combined voting power of our outstanding voting securities;
            (2) persons who constituted our Board as of March 22, 2011, together with any new director whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of a majority of those persons, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our
            Board; (3) consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving us (subject to certain exceptions); (4) approval by our stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of our company; (5) approval by our stockholders of an
            agreement for the assignment, sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to any person, other than our subsidiaries; (6) any transaction which is reasonably likely to result in our company
            ceasing to be a REIT; and (7) any other event that the Board determines constitutes an effective Change of Control. (4) “Target Bonus” means the greater of (1) the highest bonus paid to Ms. Cafaro pursuant to our annual incentive plan for any of the three
            preceding calendar years and (2) the full amount of Ms. Cafaro’s annual bonus, assuming maximum individual and company performance, in respect of service for the year of termination. Employee Protection Agreements for Messrs. Probst, Cobb and Bulgarelli The Probst Employee Protection Agreement provides Mr. Probst with an initial annual base salary of $575,000, subject to annual review commencing in
    2016, and eligibility to participate in our incentive and other employee benefit plans. Upon termination of Messrs. Probst, Cobb or Bulgarelli’s (collectively, the “Executives”) employment for any reason, the Executives will be subject to
    noncompetition, nonsolicitation and noninterference restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality and nondisparagement restrictions, except that Mr. Probst’s Employee Protection Agreement was amended in 2017 to provide for
    noncompetition restrictions lasting for two years in the event he is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason within one year of a Change in Control (each term as defined in his Employee Protection Agreement). Following a review of competitive
    market practices, the Employee Protection Agreements for Messrs. Probst and Cobb were amended in 2017 to remove the caps on certain cash severance amounts. Under the terms of the Employee Protection Agreements for the Executives, the Executives are entitled to the benefits summarized below upon the event
    specified. Under certain circumstances, the Executives’ severance payments or other benefits are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon them by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. Termination For Cause 1 or Without Good Reason 2 // None Change of Control 3 Without a Termination of Employment // None Termination Other Than For Cause or With Good Reason (Not in connection with Change of Control) // Lump sum payment equal to the sum of base salary as then in effect and Target Annual Bonus 4 (in the case of Messrs. Probst and Bulgarelli) or Maximum Annual Bonus 5 (in the case of Mr. Cobb) for the year of termination // Continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits for up to one year (or lump sum equivalent in cash) Termination Other Than For Cause or With Good Reason (Within one year of Change of Control) // Lump sum payment equal to 2x (in the case of Mr. Probst) or 2.5x (in the case of Messrs. Cobb and Bulgarelli) the sum of base salary as then in effect and Maximum
            Annual Bonus (in the case of Mr. Probst) or Target Annual Bonus (in the case of Messrs. Cobb and Bulgarelli) for the year of termination // Continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits for up to two years (or lump sum equivalent in cash) Death/Disability // None (1) “Cause” means the Executive’s: (1) indictment for, conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to any felony or misdemeanor involving fraud,
            dishonesty or moral turpitude; (2) willful or intentional material breach of duties and responsibilities; (3) willful or intentional material misconduct in the performance of duties; or (4) willful or intentional failure to comply with any
            lawful instruction or directive of the Chief Executive Officer. (2) “Good Reason” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) a material diminution of the Executive’s position, authority or duties;
            (2) a material reduction in the Executive’s base salary or Target Annual Bonus opportunity; (3) our requiring the Executive to relocate his principal business office to any location that is more than 30 miles from our current Chicago
            headquarters; or (4) our failure to cause the assumption of the Employee Protection Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of our business and/or assets, in each case, that is not cured within 30 days after written notice from
            the Executive. (3) “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) beneficial ownership by any “person” or “group” (as those terms are
            defined in the Exchange Act), other than us, our subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, of 35% or more of the combined voting power of our outstanding voting securities; (2) persons who constituted our Board as of September
            30, 2013 (in the case of Messrs. Probst and Cobb) or March 20, 2018 (in the case of Mr. Bulgarelli), together with any new director whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of a majority of those persons, cease for any
            reason to constitute a majority of our Board; (3) consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving us (subject to certain exceptions); (4) approval by our stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of our company;
            or (5) approval by our stockholders of an agreement for the assignment, sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to any person, other than our subsidiaries. (4) “Target Annual Bonus” means the Executive’s annual bonus, assuming target individual and company performance. (5) “Maximum Annual Bonus” means the full amount of the Executive’s annual bonus, assuming maximum individual and company performance. Riney Consulting Agreement Mr. Riney retired from the Company on October 15, 2019 and entered into the Riney Consulting Agreement. The Riney Consulting Agreement went into effect
    immediately upon execution and superseded the Former Riney Employment Agreement and the Former Riney Severance Agreement (together, the “Prior Riney Agreements”). No cash severance or other payments were due or payable in connection with Mr. Riney’s
    transition to consultant status, retirement or the termination of the Prior Riney Agreements. Mr. Riney earned a monthly fee of $48,076 under the Riney Consulting Agreement, which was equal to his previous base salary. He was eligible to earn his
    annual cash incentive award in respect of his actual 2019 performance compared to the preestablished 2019 performance goals (i) in full if the consulting term ended on or after December 31, 2019 or (ii) on a prorated basis if the consulting term ended
    prior to December 31, 2019. The treatment of Mr. Riney’s outstanding equity awards were not affected by the terms of Riney Consulting Agreement, except that all of his previously
    vested and outstanding stock options were amended to remain exercisable until the expiration of the original option term. Pursuant to the terms of his outstanding equity award agreements, upon his retirement, Mr. Riney received accelerated vesting of
    his time-based RSUs and prorated vesting of his pRSU awards based on the Company’s actual achievement vs. the applicable pRSU performance goals through his retirement date. The Riney Consulting Agreement did not provide for any cash severance payments upon execution of the Riney Consulting Agreement or upon termination of
    the consulting relationship for any reason. The Riney Consulting Agreement had a two-month initial term and was extended until March 15, 2020, upon which time Mr. Riney ceased providing services to the Company in any capacity. Treatment of Equity Awards Upon Termination or Change of Control Time-Based RSUs The outstanding time-based RSU award agreements under our 2012 Incentive Plan generally provide that, upon a Qualifying Termination (defined as
    involuntary termination within six months prior to or 24 months following a Change of Control) or in the event of death, disability or Retirement of a participant while employed by us, the restrictions and other conditions pertaining to the RSUs
    immediately lapse. “Retirement” is defined as a Named Executive Officer’s termination of employment after reaching a combined age and years of service to the Company of 75, with a minimum age of 62. In the event of involuntary termination in the absence of a Change of Control, Ms. Cafaro’s time-based RSUs would become fully vested and the other
    Named Executive Officers would be treated as having one additional year of service for purposes of regular time-based RSU vesting. In the event of Mr. Bulgarelli’s Early Retirement, he would be treated as having one additional year of service for purposes of regular time-based RSU
    vesting. “Early Retirement” is defined as Mr. Bulgarelli’s termination of employment after reaching a combined age and years of service to the Company of 70, with a minimum age of 65. Time-based RSU awards do not receive any enhanced vesting solely upon a Change of Control. Performance-Based RSUs The outstanding pRSU award agreements under our 2012 Incentive Plan generally provide that, upon a Qualifying Termination, Ms. Cafaro would receive full
    vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level and the other Named Executive Officers would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the change of control date. In the event of death or disability, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the
    termination date and the other Named Executive Officers would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the actual level of performance level through the termination date. In the event of Retirement while employed by us, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance
    through the Retirement date unless the Retirement occurs after a Change of Control has occurred, in which case Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level. Upon Retirement (or Early Retirement in the case of Mr. Bulgarelli
    only), the other Named Executive Officers would receive prorated vesting of the pRSUs at the actual level of performance through the Retirement date. In the event of involuntary termination in the absence of a Change of Control, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level
    and the other Named Executive Officers would receive prorated vesting of the pRSUs at the actual level of performance through the termination date. In the event of a Change of Control in the absence of a Qualifying Termination (or subsequent retirement in the case of Ms. Cafaro only), the pRSU
    awards convert to time-based awards upon a Change of Control and remain subject to the remaining vesting schedule. Ms. Cafaro’s pRSU awards convert at a level equal to the higher of actual and target performance and the other Named Executive Officers’
    pRSU awards convert at a level equal to actual performance through the Change of Control date. Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control The table below reflects the amount of compensation and benefits payable to each Named Executive Officer in the event of: // termination for Cause or without Good Reason; // termination other than for Cause or with Good Reason (“involuntary termination”); // a Change of Control (without any termination of employment); // involuntary termination following a Change of Control; // death or disability; and // retirement, if eligible. The amounts shown are estimates of the amounts that would be paid to the current Named Executive Officers assuming the applicable termination and/or Change of Control occurred
    on December 31, 2019. The actual amounts can be determined only if and when the Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated or the Change of Control occurs. Receipt of benefits upon termination is subject to the execution of a
    general release of claims by the Named Executive Officer or his or her beneficiary. Although our employment and severance agreements with our current Named Executive Officers contain certain restrictive covenants, including noncompetition and
    nonsolicitation provisions, no specific value to the company has been ascribed to these covenants in the table. Benefit Termination for Cause or
              without Good Reason Involuntary Termination
              (without Change of Control) Change of Control (without
              Termination) Involuntary Termination
              Following Change of Control Death or Disability Retirement (1) Debra A. Cafaro Prorated Target Bonus for year of termination (2) $  — $  3,870,000 $        — $ 3,870,000 $   3,870,000 $        — Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (3) — 3,225,000 — 3,225,000 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — 11,610,000 — 11,610,000 — — Vesting of equity awards (4)(5) — 27,181,798 — 27,181,798 16,345,559 16,345,559 Continued insurance benefits (6) — 243,231 — 243,231 52,923 — Office space and administrative services — 50,000 — 50,000 — — Reduction (7) — — — — — — Total for Debra A. Cafaro $  — $ 46,180,029 $ — $46,180,029 $ 20,268,482 $16,345,559 Robert F. Probst Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (3) — 646,119 — 1,292,238 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — 1,130,708 — — — — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — — — 3,230,595 — — Vesting of equity awards (4)(5) — 2,891,619 — 5,770,824 5,770,824 — Continued insurance benefits (6) — 26,615 — 53,230 — — Reduction (7) — — — (1,377,825) — — Total for Robert F. Probst $  — $ 4,695,061 $ — $ 8,969,062 $ 5,770,824 $  — John D. Cobb Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (3) — 644,960 — 1,612,400 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — — — 2,821,700 — — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — 1,612,400 — — — — Vesting of equity awards (4)(5) — 2,881,861 — 5,755,870 5,755,870 — Continued insurance benefits (6) — 26,615 — 53,230 — — Reduction (7) — — — — — — Total for John D. Cobb $  — $ 5,165,836 $ — $10,243,199 $ 5,755,870 $  — Peter J. Bulgarelli Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (3) — 468,000 — 1,170,000 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (2)(3) — 702,000 — 1,755,000 — — Vesting of equity awards (4)(5) — 1,048,789 — 2,401,638 2,401,638 — Continued insurance benefits (6) — 26,615 — 53,229 — — Reduction (7) — — — — — — Total for Peter J. Bulgarelli $  — $ 2,245,404 $ — $ 5,379,867 $ 2,401,638 $  — T. Richard Riney 2019 annual cash incentive award (8) — — — — — 1,249,303 Vesting of equity awards (4)(5) — — — — — 5,315,069 Total for T. Richard Riney $  — $  — $ — $  — $  — $ 6,564,372 (1) Because Mr. Riney terminated his employment with the Company due to his Retirement on October 15, 2019, we have only included the actual amounts received by Mr.
          Riney in connection with his Retirement. Ms. Cafaro was the only other Named Executive Officer to be eligible for Retirement or Early Retirement as of December 31, 2019, so we have omitted amounts in this column for Messrs. Probst, Cobb and
          Bulgarelli. (2) “Target Bonus,” “Target Annual Bonus” or “Maximum Annual Bonus,” as applicable, for each Named Executive Officer is defined above under “Employment and
          Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers.” (3) Multiples for the Named Executive Officers are as follows: Name Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Involuntary Termination Following Change of Control Debra A. Cafaro 3x 3x Robert F. Probst 1x 2x John D. Cobb and Peter J. Bulgarelli 1x 2.5x (4) The table reflects target values for pRSU vesting scenarios where vesting occurs at the higher of actual or target performance through the applicable event date. Because the pRSU awards convert to time-based awards upon a Change of Control and remain subject to the remaining vesting schedule in the event of a Change of Control in the
            absence of a Qualifying Termination (or subsequent retirement in the case of Ms. Cafaro only), we have not reported any pRSU award values in the “Change of Control (without Termination)” column. (5) For our Named Executive Officers other than Mr. Riney, the table assumes a stock price of $57.74, the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2019.
          For Mr. Riney, the table assumes a stock price of $72.24, the closing price of our common stock on October 15, 2019, the date of his Retirement from the Company, plus $10,991 in accrued interest on dividend equivalents. For purposes of the table,
          the value of vesting of RSUs and pRSUs is determined by multiplying the number of units vesting by $57.74 or $72.24, as applicable. (6) In the event of her Disability, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued medical and dental premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of her involuntary
          termination without Cause or for Good Reason, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued health, dental, life, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of involuntary termination without
          Cause or for Good Reason for each of Messrs. Probst, Cobb or Bulgarelli, such individual would receive continued health, dental and vision insurance premiums for a period of 12 months (24 months if such termination occurs within one year of a
          Change of Control). (7) Pursuant to the Cafaro Employment Agreement and the Employee Protection Agreements for the Executives, under certain circumstances, payments or benefits to
          Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst, Cobb and Bulgarelli are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon them by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. The reduction amount in the table above is based on a
          number of assumptions (including no value being assigned to restrictive covenants such as noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions), which may ultimately be different at the time of a Change of Control or Qualifying Termination, resulting in
          corresponding adjustments to the reduction amount. (8) Under the Riney Consulting Agreement, Mr. Riney was eligible to receive his full 2019 annual cash incentive award based on his actual performance with
          respect to the preestablished Company performance goals. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The following table summarizes information with respect to our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2019: Plan Category (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 4,077,030 $ 60.49 6,058,895 Equity compensation plans not approved by
          stockholders (2) 94,743 N/A 1,021,516 Total 4,171,773 $ 60.49 7,080,411 (1) These plans consist of: (a) the Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan; (b) the 2006 Incentive Plan; (c) the 2006 Stock Plan for
          Directors; (d) and the 2012 Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2019, 2,832,291 shares were available for future issuance under the Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan and 3,226,604 shares were available for grant under the 2012 Incentive
          Plan. No additional grants are permitted under the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, the 2006 Incentive Plan or the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors. (2) These plans consist of: (a) the Director Deferred Compensation Plan, under which our non-employee directors may receive, in lieu of director fees, units that settle into shares
          of our common stock on a one-for-one basis; and (b) the Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, under which our executive officers may receive, in lieu of compensation, units that settle into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. CEO PAY RATIO As required by SEC regulations, we are providing information regarding the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of our CEO.
    For 2019, the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company (other than our CEO) was $101,004 and the annual total compensation of our CEO, as reported in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table above, was $11,348,335. The ratio
    of our CEO’s 2019 annual total compensation to our median employee’s 2019 annual total compensation is 112 to 1. Our median employee was determined as of December 31, 2019 by selecting the employee, out of all of our employees who were employed on such
    date, with the median 2019 target total direct compensation (sum of base salary, target annual cash bonus and target equity award). The pay ratio presented in this Proxy Statement is a reasonable estimate calculated in good faith, in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, based on our payroll and
    employment records and the methodology described above. The SEC rules for identifying the “median employee” and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee’s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply
    certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratios reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio set forth above, as other companies may have
    different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from engaging in derivative and other hedging transactions in our securities, as follows: Directors, officers and other employees of the Company (“Company Personnel”), their spouses and other immediate family members sharing their homes and trusts or
    other entities controlled by them (“Related Persons”) and anyone designated to engage in securities transactions on behalf of Company Personnel may not (a) buy or sell any put or call options, warrants or similar derivative instruments with respect to
    Company securities, (b) buy or sell any other financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities beneficially owned by Company Personnel (e.g., prepaid variable forward contracts, equity
    swaps, collars and exchange funds) or (c) engage in “short sales” (i.e., sales of securities that are not owned by such person at the time of the sale) with respect to Company securities, even if they are not in possession of material, non-public
    information regarding the Company. The foregoing does not prohibit the exercise of options granted by the Company and, subject to the restrictions set forth in this Policy, the sale of shares acquired through such exercise. In addition, the foregoing
    does not prohibit general portfolio diversification transactions or investments in broad-based index funds. Our Securities Trading Policy also restricts our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans
    without the approval of our Audit Committee, as follows: Directors and officers of the Company who are subject to the reporting requirements under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and their Related Persons may not hold
    Company securities in margin accounts or pledge Company securities to secure loans without the prior approval of the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. All other employees of the Company and their Related Persons may not hold Company
    securities in margin accounts or pledge Company securities to secure loans without the prior approval of the Company’s Management Capital Committee. No executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in margin accounts at any time during 2019. SECURITIES OWNERSHIP Directors, Director Nominees and Executive Officers Beneficial Ownership of Our Common Stock The following table shows, as of March 20, 2020, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each of our directors and director nominees, each of our Named Executive
    Officers, and all of our directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. For purposes of this table, shares beneficially owned includes shares over which a person has or shares voting power or investment power (whether or not vested).
    Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, the named persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares of our common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. Each named person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of
    shares of our common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of March 20, 2020 through the exercise of stock options or the settlement of stock units, if any, and such shares are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of
    the class beneficially owned by such person; however, any such shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class beneficially owned by any other person. Subject to the preceding sentence, percentages are
    based on 373,063,831 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 20, 2020. Name of Beneficial Owner Vested and Unvested Shares of Common Stock Shares Subject
              to Options Exercisable within 60 days Stock Units That May Be Settled within 60 days Total Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Melody C. Barnes 10,580 + — + — = 10,580 * Peter J. Bulgarelli 4,167 + — + 3,011 = 7,178 * Debra A. Cafaro 717,727 (1) + 2,301,481 + — = 3,019,208 (1) * John D. Cobb 50,346 + 430,918 + — = 481,264 * Jay M. Gellert 81,834 + 11,880 + 74,750 = 168,464 * Richard I. Gilchrist 29,846 + 8,934 + — = 38,780 * Matthew J. Lustig 2,656 + 9,731 + 35,366 = 47,753 * Roxanne M. Martino 10,297 + — + 8,243 = 18,540 * Sean P. Nolan 2,131 + — + — = 2,131 * Robert F. Probst 60,825 + 346,140 + — = 406,965 * Walter C. Rakowich 10,297 + — + — = 10,297 * Robert D. Reed 20,169 + 11,880 + 26,856 = 58,905 * T. Richard Riney 216,219 (2) + 337,643 + — = 553,862 (2) * James D. Shelton 12,340 + 11,880 + 31,936 = 56,156 * All































              directors, director nominees and current executive officers as a group (15 persons) 1,013,215 + 3,132,844 + 180,162 = 4,326,221 1.2 % * Less than 1% (1) Includes 5,000 shares held in trust for the benefit of Ms. Cafaro’s immediate family, as to which Ms. Cafaro’s spouse is the trustee.
          Ms. Cafaro disclaims beneficial ownership of these 5,000 shares. (2) Includes 1,300 shares held in Mr. Riney’s IRA and 70,000 shares held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Riney’s spouse, as to which
          Mr. Riney’s spouse is the trustee. Mr. Riney retired from the Company and transitioned to a consultant to the Company on October 15, 2019, which entitled him to vest in his outstanding unvested time-based RSUs and to earn prorated pRSU awards
          based on actual achievement vs. the performance goals through October 15, 2019 (the “Retirement Vesting”). The information regarding Mr. Riney’s beneficial ownership is based solely on his Section 16 filings through October 15, 2019, as adjusted
          to reflect his Retirement Vesting changes in beneficial ownership. Director and Executive Officer 10b5-1 Plans From time to time, certain of our directors and executive officers may adopt non-discretionary, written trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (“10b5-1
    plans”). These 10b5-1 plans permit our directors and executive officers to monetize their equity-based compensation in an automatic and non-discretionary manner over time and are generally adopted for estate, tax and financial planning purposes. Our
    Securities Trading Policy requires preclearance of any 10b5-1 plan by our legal department and provides that directors and executive officers may enter into or modify a 10b5-1 plan only during an open trading window and while not in possession of
    material non-public information. In addition, our Securities Trading Policy generally prohibits our directors and executive officers from entering into overlapping 10b5-1 plans. Principal Stockholders The following table shows, as of March 20, 2020, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the
    outstanding shares of our common stock: Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) APG Asset Management US Inc. 666 3rd Ave., 2nd Floor New York, NY 10017 18,741,258 (2) 5.0 % BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52 nd Street New York, NY 10055 37,539,640 (3) 10.1 % State Street Corporation One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 24,966,403 (4) 6.7 % The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 49,115,047 (5) 13.2 % (1) Percentages are based on 373,063,831 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 20, 2020. (2) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by APG Asset Management US Inc. (“APG US”), APG Asset Management, N.V. (“APG NV”), APG Groep,
          N.V. (“APG Group”), and Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP (“Stichting”) on March 12, 2020. Each of APG US, APG NV, APG Group and Stichting reported that, as of March 11, 2020, it had sole voting and dispositive power over 0 shares of our common stock
          and shared voting and dispositive power over 18,741,258 shares of common stock. APG NV is wholly owned by APG Group and is the investment manager with respect to the reported ownership of our common stock. APG NV has delegated its investment and
          voting power with respect to our common stock to APG US, which is its wholly owned subsidiary. Stichting is the majority owner of APG Group. As a result of these relationships, each of these entities may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of
          our common stock. (3) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc., for itself and for certain of its affiliates (collectively, “BlackRock”),
          on March 9, 2020. BlackRock reported that, as of February 29, 2020, it had sole voting power over 33,815,929 shares of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 37,539,640 shares of our common stock. BlackRock, Inc. is a parent holding
          company. (4) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by State Street Corp., for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries (collectively, “State
          Street”), on February 14, 2020. State Street reported that, as of December 31, 2019, it had sole voting and dispositive power over 0 shares of our common stock, shared voting power over 21,009,200 shares of our common stock and shared dispositive
          power over 24,942,564 shares of our common stock. (5) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. (“Vanguard”) on February 11, 2020. Vanguard reported that, as of
          December 31, 2019, it had sole voting power over 944,509 shares of our common stock, shared voting power over 494,707 shares of our common stock, sole dispositive power over 48,109,581 shares of our common stock and shared dispositive power over
          1,005,466 shares of our common stock. Vanguard is an investment advisor registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 421,849
          shares of our common stock as a result of its serving as investment manager of collective trust accounts. Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 1,106,277 shares of our common stock
          as a result of its serving as investment manager of Australian investment offerings. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) and persons who own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our
    common stock to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Based solely on our records and on written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that each person who, at any time during 2019, was a
    director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) of Ventas or beneficially owned more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock timely filed all reports required to be filed by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except
    for one Form 4 covering a single sale transaction filed on behalf of Gregory Liebbe on April 18, 2019. 2020 Annual Meeting Information Proposal Board Voting Recommendation Page Reference 1 Approval, on an advisory basis, of our executive compensation FOR 11 2 Election of the 10 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement to serve until the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR each Nominee 19 3 Ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020 FOR 38 In the discretion of the proxy holders, such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. When:* Where:* Tuesday, May 18, 2020 8:00AM (Central Standard
              Time) Doors open at 7:45AM 353 North Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois 60654 Voting Mechanics Eligibility. Only Ventas stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date (March 20, 2020) are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of that date, 373,063,831 shares of our common stock, par value $0.25 per
              share, were outstanding. Each share of our common stock entitles the owner to one vote on each matter properly brought before the Annual Meeting. However, certain shares designated as “Excess Shares” (generally any shares owned by a
              beneficial owner in excess of 9.0% of our outstanding common stock) or as “Special Excess Shares” pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our “Charter”), may not be voted by the record owner of those
              shares and will be voted in accordance with Article IX of our Charter. Quorum. The holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for the Annual Meeting, March 20, 2020, must be present in person or represented by proxy to
              constitute a quorum to transact business at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders who abstain from voting and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of establishing a quorum. A broker non-vote occurs when a beneficial owner does not provide
              voting instructions to the beneficial owner’s broker or custodian with respect to a proposal on which the broker or custodian does not have discretionary authority to vote. Non-Agenda Matters. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person* or
              represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting will be necessary to approve any other proposal that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, abstentions will have the same effect as votes against any such proposal, and broker
              non-votes will have no effect. Our Board is not aware of any matters that are expected to come before the Annual Meeting other than those set forth in the Notice of Meeting and described in this
            Proxy Statement. If any other matter should properly come before the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the accompanying form of proxy, or their substitutes, will have discretionary voting authority with respect to any such stockholder
            proposal. Dissenter and Appraisal Rights. No dissenters’ or appraisal rights are available with respect to the proposals presently being submitted to the stockholders for their consideration at the Annual Meeting. How to Vote. You may vote your shares in one of several ways, depending on how you own your shares: Stockholders of Record. If you own shares registered in your name (a “stockholder of record”), you may vote your shares in any of the four ways described at the
              bottom of this page. Beneficial Owners. If you own shares registered in the name of a broker, bank or other custodian (a “beneficial owner”), follow the instructions provided by
              your broker, bank or custodian to instruct it how to vote your shares. If you want to vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting,* contact your broker, bank or custodian to obtain a legal proxy or broker’s proxy card that you should
              bring to the Annual Meeting to demonstrate your authority to vote. If you do not instruct your broker, bank or custodian how to vote, it will have discretionary authority, under current New York Stock Exchange
            (“NYSE”) rules, to vote your shares in its discretion on the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020 (Proposal 3). However, your broker, bank or custodian will not have
            discretionary authority to vote on the advisory vote to approve our executive compensation (Proposal 1) or the election of directors (Proposal 2) or without instructions from you. As a result, if you do not provide instructions to your broker,
            bank or custodian, your shares will not be voted on Proposal 1 or Proposal 2. Votes by Proxy. All shares that have been properly voted by proxy and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy.
              Shares represented by proxy cards that are signed and returned, but do not contain any voting instructions will be voted consistent with the Board’s recommendations. Stockholder List. A list of all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection by any stockholder for any purpose reasonably related to the meeting at the Annual Meeting and during ordinary
              business hours for the ten days preceding the meeting at our principal executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Questions and Answers What is a proxy? What is a proxy statement? A proxy is a legal designation of a person to vote on your behalf. A proxy statement is the document we must give you when we ask you to sign a
            proxy. It is required by SEC rules. We have designated two of our officers as proxies for the Annual Meeting: Debra A. Cafaro and Robert F. Probst. By completing and returning the enclosed proxy card, you are giving each of these officers the
            authority to vote your shares in the manner you indicate on your proxy card. How do I attend the Annual Meeting in person?* You are entitled to attend the Annual Meeting only if you were a Ventas stockholder as of the close of business on the record date, March 20,
            2020, or you hold a valid proxy for the meeting. In order to be admitted to the Annual Meeting, you must present photo identification (such as a driver’s license) and proof of ownership of shares of our common stock on the record date. Proof of
            ownership can be accomplished through the following: 1. a brokerage statement or letter from your broker or custodian with respect to your ownership of shares of our common stock on March 20,
              2020; 2. the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials; 3. a printout of the proxy distribution email (if you receive your materials electronically); 4. a proxy card; 5. a voting instruction form; or 6. or a legal proxy provided by your broker, bank or custodian. For the safety and security of our stockholders, we will be unable to admit you to the Annual Meeting if you do not present photo identification
            and proof of ownership of shares of our common stock or if you otherwise refuse to comply with our security procedures. How do I revoke a vote? If you are a stockholder of record, you can revoke your prior vote by proxy if you: 1. execute and return a later-dated proxy card before your proxy is voted at the Annual Meeting; 2. vote by telephone or over the Internet no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 17, 2020; 3. deliver a written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago,
              Illinois 60654, before your proxy is voted at the Annual Meeting; or 4. attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person (attendance by itself will not revoke your prior vote by proxy).* If you are a beneficial owner, follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or custodian to revoke your vote by proxy, if applicable. How are proxies solicited and what is the cost? Our company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies by or on behalf of our Board. In addition to solicitation through the mail, proxies may be
            solicited in person or by telephone or electronic communication by our directors, officers and employees, none of whom will receive additional compensation for these services. We have engeged Innisfree to distribute and solicit proxies on our
            behalf and will pay Innisfree a fee of $20,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for these services. We will also reimburse brokers and other custodians for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
            with distributing forms of proxies and proxy materials to beneficial owners of our common stock. What is householding? To eliminate duplicate mailings, conserve natural resources and reduce our printing costs and postage fees, we engage in householding and will
            deliver a single set of proxy materials (other than proxy cards, which will remain separate) to our stockholders who share the same address and who have the same last name or consent in writing. If your household receives multiple copies of our
            proxy materials, you may request to receive only one copy by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. at (800) 542-1061 or in writing at Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Similarly, if your household receives
            only one copy of our proxy materials, you may request an additional copy by contacting Broadridge as indicated above. We will deliver the requested additional copy promptly following our receipt of your request. Electronic Document Delivery to Stockholders Stockholders of record and most beneficial owners may elect to receive an e-mail that will contain electronic links to our Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and 2019 Form
    10-K. Electronic document delivery is better for the environment and saves us the cost of producing and mailing documents. It will give you a direct electronic link to the proxy voting site. We will mail to stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials and how to vote by proxy online. Starting on or about
    April 8, 2020, we will also mail this Proxy Statement and the materials accompanying it to stockholders who have requested paper copies. If you would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials by mail, you should follow the instructions for
    requesting those materials included in the Notice that we mail to you. This Proxy Statement and our 2019 Form 10-K are available at www.proxyvote.com REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS, DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS Under SEC rules, any stockholder proposal intended to be presented at the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by us at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark
    Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654 not later than December 2, 2020 and meet the requirements of our By-Laws and Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials for that meeting. Any such proposal should
    be sent to the attention of our Corporate Secretary. Under our By-Laws, stockholders must follow certain procedures to introduce an item for business or to nominate a person for election as a director at an annual meeting. For director
    nominations and other stockholder proposals, the stockholder must give timely notice in writing to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices and such proposal must be a proper subject for stockholder action. To be timely, we must
    receive notice of a stockholder’s intention to make a nomination or to propose an item of business at our 2021 Annual Meeting at least 120 days, but not more than 150 days, prior to the anniversary of the mailing of this Proxy Statement (April 8,
    2021); however, if we hold our 2021 Annual Meeting more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, we must receive the notice not earlier than the 150th day prior to the annual meeting date, and not later than the 120th day prior to the annual
    meeting date or the tenth day following the date on which we first publicly announce the date of the 2021 Annual Meeting, whichever occurs later. For any other meeting, we must receive notice of a stockholder’s intention to make a nomination or to propose an item of business not later than the 30th day prior to the date of such
    meeting or the tenth day following the date on which we first publicly announce the date of such meeting, whichever occurs later. Notices relating to director nominations and other stockholder proposals must include (among other information, as
    specified in our By-Laws): // as to each person proposed to be nominated for election as a director, all information relating to that
          person that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election as a director pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act; // as to each other item of business, a brief description of such business, the stockholder’s reasons for proposing such
          business and any material interest that the stockholder or any of the stockholder’s associates may have in such business; and // as to the stockholder giving the notice, the stockholder’s associates and any proposed director nominee: the name and
          address of such person; the class, series and number of all shares of our capital stock owned by such person (and the name of the record holder, if beneficially owned), the date the shares were acquired and any short interest of such person in
          our securities; whether and to what extent such person has engaged in any hedging or derivative transactions in our securities during the preceding 12 months; and the investment strategy or objective of such person. The persons appointed as proxies for our 2021 Annual Meeting will have discretionary voting authority with respect to any director nomination or other stockholder proposal that is
    submitted to us otherwise than in conformity with our By-Laws. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A copy of our 2019 Annual Report and our 2019 Form 10-K accompanies this Proxy Statement. Stockholders may obtain a free copy of our 2019 Form 10-K, excluding exhibits, upon request to
    our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Copies of the exhibits to our 2019 Form 10-K will be provided upon request if such stockholder reimburses us for our reasonable costs to provide those
    exhibits. By Order of the Board of Directors, Chicago, Illinois April 8, 2020 Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations For the Year
              Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2017 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 433,016 $ 409,467 $ 1,356,470 Net income attributable to common stockholders per share $ 1.17 $ 1.14 $ 3.78 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization on real estate assets 1,039,550 913,537 881,088 Depreciation on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests (9,762) (6,926) (7,565) Depreciation on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities 187 1,977 4,231 Impairment on equity method investments — 35,708 — Gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net — — (3,027) Gain on real estate dispositions (26,022) (46,247) (717,273) Gain on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests 343 1,508 18 Gain on real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities (1,263) (875) (1,057) FFO (Nareit) attributable to common stockholders $ 1,436,049 $ 1,308,149 $ 1,512,885 FFO (Nareit) attributable to common stockholders per share $ 3.88 $ 3.64 $ 4.22 Adjustments: Merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 18,208 38,145 14,823 Non-cash income tax benefit (58,918) (18,427) (22,387) Impact of tax reform — (24,618) (36,539) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 41,900 63,073 839 Gain on non-real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities (18) (2) (39) Change in fair value of financial instruments (78) (18) (41) Amortization of other intangibles 484 759 1,458 Other items related to unconsolidated entities 3,291 5,035 3,188 Non-cash charges related to lease terminations — 21,299 — Non-cash impact of changes to equity plan 7,812 4,830 5,453 Natural disaster (recoveries) expenses, net (25,683) 63,830 11,601 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders $ 1,423,047 $ 1,462,055 $ 1,491,241 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders per share $ 3.85 $ 4.07 $ 4.16 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically
    have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For that reason, we consider FFO and Normalized
    FFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. In particular, we believe that Normalized FFO is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the
    operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases,
    we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and Normalized FFO because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results. We use the Nareit definition of FFO. Nareit defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains or losses from sales of real
    estate property, including gains or losses on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and
    joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define Normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a)
    merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to
    asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c)
    the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan, derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our income statement and non-cash charges related to
    lease terminations; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations made to the Ventas Charitable Foundation; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes
    in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other unusual items related to unconsolidated entities; (g) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial
    statements and related matters; and (h) net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters. FFO and Normalized FFO presented herein may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same
    definitions. FFO and Normalized FFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income attributable to common stockholders (determined in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from
    operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are they necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our
    consolidated historical operating results, FFO and Normalized FFO should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to common stockholders. Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA The following table illustrates net debt to pro forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding
    gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, consolidated joint ventures partners’ share of EBITDA, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements, net gains or losses
    on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, changes in the fair value of financial instruments, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters and
    non-cash charges related to lease terminations, and including our share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities and adjustments for other immaterial or identified items (“Adjusted EBITDA”). The following information considers the pro forma effect on Adjusted EBITDA of our activity during the year ended December 31, 2019, as if the transactions had been consummated as of the
    beginning of the period (“Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA”). We believe that net debt, Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA and net debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA are useful to investors, analysts and our management because they allow the comparison of our credit
    strength between periods and to other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period. For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 (Dollars in thousands) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 433,016 Adjustments: Interest 451,662 Depreciation and amortization 1,045,620 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 33,923 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 41,900 Gain on real estate dispositions (26,022) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, adjusted for consolidated joint venture partners’ share of EBITDA (16,396) Loss from unconsolidated entities, adjusted for Ventas share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities 32,462 Taxes (including tax amounts in general, administrative and professional fees) (52,677) Change in fair value of financial instruments (104) Unrealized foreign currency gains (1,061) Merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 15,246 Natural disaster expenses (recoveries), net (25,981) Adjusted EBITDA 1,931,588 Adjustments for current period activity 57,747 Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA $ 1,989,335 As of December 31, 2019: Total debt $ 12,158,773 Cash (106,363) Restricted cash pertaining to debt (18,425) Consolidated joint venture partners’ share of debt (228,154) Ventas share of debt from unconsolidated entities 60,605 Net debt $ 11,866,436 Net debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA 6.0 x Same-Store Cash NOI (on a Constant Currency Basis) For the Year
              Ended December 31, 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Net income attributable to common stockholders $               433,016 $               409,467 Adjustments: Interest and other income (10,984) (24,892) Interest 451,662 442,497 Depreciation and amortization 1,045,620 919,639 General, administrative and professional fees 165,996 151,982 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 41,900 58,254 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 15,235 30,547 Other (17,609) 66,768 Loss from unconsolidated entities 2,454 55,034 Gain on real estate dispositions (26,022) (46,247) Income tax benefit (56,310) (39,953) Discontinued operations — 10 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 6,281 6,514 Reported NOI 2,051,239 2,029,620 Adjustments: Modification fee (80) 2,959 Adjustment for technology costs (1) 651 Pro forma adjustment for partial prior year period — 2,691 NOI not included in same-store (140,969) (109,765) Straight-lining of rental income (30,073) 13,396 Non-cash rental income (7,062) (28,800) Non-segment NOI (92,610) (127,520) NOI impact from change in FX — (2,747) (270,795) (249,135) Same-store cash NOI (USD) $             1,780,444 $               1,780,485 Percentage increase (USD) (0.0%) We consider NOI and same-store cash NOI as important supplemental measures because they allow investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating
    results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. In the case of NOI, cash receipts may differ due to
    straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. We define same-store as properties owned, consolidated and operational for the full period in both comparison periods and are not otherwise excluded; provided, however, that we may
    include selected properties that otherwise meet the same-store criteria if they are included in substantially all of, but not a full, period for one or both of the comparison periods, and in our judgment such inclusion provides a more meaningful
    presentation of its portfolio performance. Same-store excludes: (i) properties sold or classified as held for sale or properties whose operations were classified as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP; (ii) for properties included in our
    office operations reportable business segment, those properties for which management has an intention to institute a redevelopment plan because the properties may require major property-level expenditures to maximize value, increase NOI, maintain a
    market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization; and (iii) for other assets, those properties (A) that have transitioned operators or business models after the start of the prior comparison period or (B) for which an operator or
    business model transition has been scheduled after the start of the prior comparison period. Newly developed properties in the office operations and triple-net leased properties reportable business segments will be included in same-store if in service for the full period in both
    periods presented. To eliminate the impact of exchange rate movements, all same-store NOI measures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current period’s results are shown in actual reported USD,
    while prior comparison period’s results are adjusted and converted to USD based on the average exchange rate for the current period.