DEF 14A 1 a19-2536_1def14a.htm DEF 14A UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (Amendment No.        ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 International Business Machines Corporation (Name of   Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of   Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): x No   fee required. o Fee   computed on table below per Exchange Act   Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1)  Title of each class of securities to   which transaction applies: (2)  Aggregate number of securities to   which transaction applies: (3)  Per unit price or other underlying   value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set   forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was   determined): (4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5)  Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as   provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing   for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous   filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the   date of its filing. (1)  Amount Previously Paid: (2)  Form, Schedule or Registration   Statement No.: (3)  Filing Party: (4)  Date Filed: Persons who are to respond to the collection of   information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the   form displays a currently valid OMB control number. Armonk, New York March 11, 2019 Dear Fellow Stockholders: On behalf of the IBM Board of   Directors, you are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of   Stockholders on Tuesday, April 30, 2019 at 10 a.m. at the   Charleston Area Convention Center in Charleston, South Carolina. Our Board is proud of the   relationships we have built with our stockholders over the years. In 2018, we   continued our long-standing practice of engaging with you to hear your   perspectives and feedback. For the past few years, our independent Lead   Director, the chairs of each Board committee, and members of IBM management,   including myself, have reached out to and engaged with investors that own   more than half of the shares that vote at the Annual Meeting. During these   meetings, we have discussed IBM’s strategy, corporate governance, board   composition and refreshment, executive compensation practices, and our   corporate responsibility and sustainability leadership. Through these   conversations, we have gained insight into our investors’ perspectives on   matters of critical importance. We very much appreciate the time our   investors spent with us, and the thoughtful feedback we have received. This   feedback helps us to continuously enhance and refresh our policies,   practices, and disclosure. In 2019, we have continued our   active Board refreshment with two new additions: Dr. Martha Pollack,   President of Cornell University and renowned artificial intelligence   researcher and technologist, and Admiral Michelle Howard, cybersecurity   expert, the first woman to become a four-star admiral in the United States   Navy, and the first woman and African American to be named Vice Chief of   Naval Operations. With these additions, our Board continues to reflect and   refine the skills and technology expertise, as well as the diversity of   thought, experience, and background, that are necessary to oversee and   support our strategy over the long term. Your ownership and your vote are   important to us. For the 2019 Annual Meeting, for every stockholder account   that votes, IBM will make a $1 charitable donation to AnitaB.org, a   global nonprofit organization that connects, inspires, and guides women in   technology. IBM is proud to partner with AnitaB.org to drive forward our   shared vision toward an inclusive future for technology and society. On behalf of the Board of Directors,   thank you for your continued investment and support of IBM. Very truly yours, Virginia   M. Rometty Chairman   of the Board Armonk, New York March 11, 2019 A Message from Our Lead Director: Each year, the Proxy Statement gives   the Board an opportunity to provide stockholders with an update on IBM’s   corporate governance. This year, as IBM’s independent Lead Director, I   would like to take the opportunity to share my perspective on the IBM Board,   on the robustness and efficacy of our governance structures and processes,   and on the Board’s role in helping the Company drive long-term stockholder   value. · The IBM Board: Our Board is comprised entirely of   independent directors and our CEO. The Board is an experienced group of   global thought and business leaders attentive to the value of diversity in   thought, experience and perspective. We are continuously focused on ensuring   that IBM has an optimal Board structure and composition. Each time we   evaluate our leadership structure, add a new director, or change the composition   of our Board committees, we do so in a thoughtful manner to ensure that the   right skills, experiences, and perspectives are brought to our meetings and   discussions. · Independent Board   Leadership: As IBM’s   independent Lead Director, I am responsible for helping to ensure that   the Board exercises prudent judgment, independently from Company management.   To that end, I perform a variety of duties described in this Proxy,   including presiding over an executive session of the Independent Directors at   every Board meeting, without management present. I also approve all Board   meeting schedules, agendas and materials. I have the authority to call   meetings of the independent directors and am available for discussion with   our stockholders. · Strategic Oversight: Our Board rigorously oversees the Company’s   strategy, monitors the execution of strategy by IBM management and ensures   that the Company’s corporate culture aligns with its long-term strategy. Our   Board takes these duties very seriously. Our strategic oversight role   includes evaluating a changing landscape, challenging current assumptions,   balancing short and long-term strategic planning, and helping to ensure the   Company is continuously transforming for the future. · Stockholder Engagement: A vital part of our role as IBM directors   is understanding the perspectives of you, IBM’s owners. As part of these   engagements, I, along with several of my colleagues on the Board, have   met directly with many investors over the years, gaining valuable insight into   investors’ views, and creating an opportunity for us to share our   perspectives about the Company. Through the years, the Board has adopted   numerous strong governance practices for the benefit of IBM’s stockholders.   In 2018, in response to your feedback, IBM implemented proxy access. And   this year, IBM became a signatory of the Commonsense Principles 2.0 and   endorsed the Investor Stewardship Group’s corporate governance principles.   Additionally, we continue to enhance our disclosure, providing additional information   on Board oversight processes and practices and other key investor focus   areas, including cybersecurity, corporate responsibility and sustainability. Our Board continues to be focused on   strategy, best-in-class governance, and active engagement with our   stockholders. We believe this is the best way to drive success and create   value for stockholders. We look forward to our continued engagement   with you. On behalf of the Board, thank you for your investment in, and   support of, IBM. Very truly yours, Michael   Eskew Lead Director Table   of Contents 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement 1 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 70 Proxy Summary 2 Audit and Non-Audit   Fees 71 IBM Board of Directors 7 2. Ratification of Appointment of Independent 1. Election of Directors for a Term of One Year 10 Registered Public Accounting Firm 72 Board and Governance 16 3. Management Proposal on Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) 73 Committees of the   Board 16 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Corporate   Governance 19 Terms for Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) Certain   Transactions and Relationships 26 of the Internal Revenue Code 74 2018 Director Compensation   Narrative 26 5. Stockholder Proposal on the Right to Act by Written Consent 77 2018 Director   Compensation Table 27 6. Stockholder Proposal to Have an Independent Section 16(a) Beneficial   Ownership Board Chairman 78 Reporting   Compliance 28 Frequently Asked   Questions 81 Ownership of   Securities 28 Appendix A –   Non-GAAP Financial Information 2018 Executive Compensation 30 and Reconciliations 85 Report of the   Executive Compensation and Corporate Responsibility & Management   Resources Committee of the Sustainability at IBM 89 Board of Directors 30 2018 Compensation   Discussion and Analysis 31 2018 Summary   Compensation Table and Related Narrative 46 2018 Grants of   Plan-Based Awards Table 51 2018 Outstanding   Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table and Related Narrative 52 2018 Retention Plan   Narrative 55 2018 Pension   Benefits Narrative 58 2018 Nonqualified   Deferred Compensation Narrative 61 2018 Potential   Payments Upon Termination Narrative 66 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement Items of business: The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of   International Business Machines Corporation will be held on Tuesday,   April 30, 2019 at 10 a.m. at the Charleston Area Convention Center,   5000 Coliseum Drive, North Charleston, South Carolina 29418. The items of   business are: 1. Election of directors proposed by IBM’s Board of   Directors for a term of one year, as set forth in this Proxy Statement. 2. Ratification of the appointment of   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as IBM’s independent registered public accounting   firm. 3. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation. 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for   Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to   Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 5. Two stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the   meeting. These items are more fully described in the   following pages, which are a part of this Notice. Stockholders of record can vote their   shares by using the Internet or the telephone. Instructions for using these   convenient services are set forth on the proxy card or the notice of Internet   availability of proxy materials. If you received your materials by mail, you   also may vote your shares by marking your votes on the enclosed proxy card,   signing and dating it, and mailing it in the enclosed envelope. If you will   need special assistance at the meeting because of a disability, please   contact the Office of the Secretary, International Business Machines   Corporation, 1 New Orchard Road, Armonk, NY 10504. Christina   M. Montgomery Vice   President and Secretary The proxy materials,   including this Proxy Statement, the IBM 2018 Annual Report, which includes   the consolidated financial statements, and the proxy card, or the notice of   Internet availability of proxy materials, as applicable, is being distributed   beginning on or about March 11, 2019 to all stockholders entitled to   vote. Important Notice   Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to   be held on April 30, 2019: the Proxy Statement and the Annual Report to   Stockholders are available at www.ibm.com/investor/material/. Websites throughout   this Proxy Statement are provided for reference only. Websites referred to   herein are not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement 1 Proxy Summary Voting matters Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following   matters at the Annual Meeting: Items   of Business Board’s recommendation Where to find details 1.  Election   of twelve directors FOR all nominees pp. 10–15 2.  Ratification of   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting   firm FOR p. 72 3.  Advisory Vote on Executive   Compensation FOR p. 73 4.  Approval of Long-Term   Incentive Performance Terms for Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for   Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal   Revenue Code FOR pp. 74–76 5.  Stockholder Proposal on the   Right to Act by Written Consent AGAINST pp. 77–78 6.  Stockholder Proposal to Have   an Independent Board Chairman AGAINST pp. 78–80 Governance highlights (PAGE 19) Effective Board leadership and independent oversight · Election of two new directors in 2019 NEW · Independent Lead Director with robust and   well-defined responsibilities · Executive session led by independent Lead   Director at each Board meeting · Focus on proactive Board and Committee   refreshment · Annual review of the Board leadership   structure Overview of IBM’s corporate governance · Annual   election of all directors · Majority   voting for directors in uncontested elections · Stockholder   special meeting right · Proxy   access · No   stockholder rights plan · Robust   year-round stockholder engagement process · Signatory   of Commonsense Principles 2.0 NEW · Endorser   of Investor Stewardship Group Principles NEW 2 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Proxy Summary IBM   Board of Directors (PAGE   7) Director nominees IBM’s Board is composed of a diverse,   experienced group of global thought, business, and academic leaders. All of   our directors are independent, with the exception of Virginia   Rometty, IBM’s CEO. Director Age Primary Occupation Director Since Committee Memberships Audit Committee Financial Expert Michael L. Eskew Lead   Director 69 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive   Officer, United Parcel Service, Inc. 2005 David N. Farr 64 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Emerson   Electric Co. 2012 Alex Gorsky 58 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,   Johnson & Johnson 2014 Michelle Howard 58 Retired Admiral, United States Navy 2019 Shirley Ann Jackson 72 President, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 2005 Andrew N. Liveris 64 Retired Executive Chairman, DowDuPont Inc.   and Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Dow Chemical Company 2010 Martha E. Pollack 60 President, Cornell University 2019 Virginia M. Rometty 61 Chairman, President and Chief Executive   Officer, IBM 2012 Joseph R. Swedish 67 Senior Advisor and Retired Chairman,   President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthem, Inc. 2017 Sidney Taurel 70 Chairman Emeritus, Eli Lilly and Company   Chairman, Pearson plc 2001 Peter R. Voser 60 Retired Chief Executive Officer, Royal   Dutch Shell plc Chairman, ABB Ltd. 2015 Frederick H. Waddell 65 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,   Northern Trust Corporation 2017 Number of meetings held   in 2018 10 4 5 0 Audit: Directors &   Corporate Governance: Executive   Compensation & Management Resources: Executive: Audit   Committee Financial Expert: 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement   | Proxy Summary 3 Optimal mix of skills and experience of director   nominees IBM’s directors   collectively contribute significant experience in the areas most relevant to   overseeing the Company’s business and strategy. Strong Board Diversity The   Board represents a deliberate mix of members who have a deep understanding of   our business and members who bring new skills and fresh perspectives. This   mix of new and tenured directors reflects our commitment to ongoing and   proactive Board refreshment. Tenure of Director Nominees · The Board represents   a deliberate mix of members who have a deep understanding of our business and   members who bring new skills and fresh perspectives. · Mix of new and   tenured directors reflecting our commitment to ongoing and proactive Board   refreshment. 4 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Proxy Summary Stockholder   engagement highlights Why We Engage Stockholder   engagement is a core IBM practice that is a significant part of our ongoing   review of our corporate governance and executive compensation programs. These   discussions ensure that our stockholders understand our key decisions and   that we understand their priorities and concerns. How   We Engage Our investor   outreach program is a year-round process that includes discussion of IBM’s   business and long-term strategy, executive compensation programs and   practices, Board compensation and refreshment, corporate governance, and   corporate responsibility and sustainability. Proxy Season · Every year, we reach out to over 100 of our   largest investors, representing more than 70% of our institutional ownership. Off Season · Since the 2018 Annual Meeting,   representatives from senior management and the Board offered to engage with   investors representing more than 50% of the shares that voted at the 2018   Annual Meeting and have met with investors that own, in the aggregate, more   than 30% of the shares that voted at the 2018 Annual Meeting. · Our process also includes outreach to more   than 250,000   registered and beneficial stockholders , which represents a   majority of our retail stockholder base. · IBM attendees engage to address investors’   specific focus areas: ° Corporate Governance ° Business Strategy ° Finance ° Human Resources and Executive Compensation ° Corporate Environmental Affairs ° Corporate Citizenship · Held an investor webcast devoted entirely to   corporate responsibility and sustainability to provide investors with a deep   dive on IBM’s sustainability programs. · Periodic outreach upon specific governance,   compensation or strategic announcements, such as the addition of new   directors. Outcomes   of Engagement We continue to see the benefits of our   investor engagement process in our governance practices, executive   compensation program and disclosure, and corporate social responsibility   efforts. For example, the following are some specific outcomes from recent   investor engagements. Governance · Changed   Presiding Director title to Lead Director · Continued   focus on active Board refreshment and diversity · Committee   chair and member rotation Compensation · Added   total IBM revenue metric to the Annual Incentive Program beginning in 2019,   replacing Strategic Imperatives revenue · Adopted   relative ROIC modifier for PSUs granted in 2018, which may increase or   decrease the number of shares paid out based on IBM’s relative ROIC   performance · Reduced   maximum Annual Incentive Program opportunity for the CEO to two times target Corporate Social   Responsibility · Ensured   that IBM attendees with specific areas of sustainability expertise were   available for dialogue with investors · Held   an investor webcast devoted entirely to sustainability topics, including   corporate citizenship, diversity and inclusion, supply chain, environment,   and governance 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Proxy   Summary 5 Business highlights IBM returned to   growth in 2018 and is well positioned to accelerate performance, advancing   our leadership as a Cloud and Cognitive Solutions company. 2018 Performance Highlights Revenue $79.6B Returned to revenue growth for the full year,   delivering the best performance since 2011 · Achieved ~$40 billion in   Strategic Imperatives revenue, representing 50% of IBM revenue · $19.2 billion of Cloud revenue, growing 12% year to year   fueled by Cloud as-a-Service with an exit run-rate of $12.2 billion , up   18% year to year · IBM Z most successful product cycle to date · Global Business Services delivered full year   growth, led by high value consulting services · Strong demand for hybrid cloud, analytics, and AI   offerings drove growth in Software revenue in the fourth quarter Gross Profit Margin 46.4% Stabilized   gross margin in 2018 with improvements throughout the year, culminating in   year-on-year expansion in the second half Performance led by Services which expanded gross   margins on the full year resulting from a continued shift to higher value   offerings, productivity, and operating leverage from revenue growth Pre-tax Income $11.3B Generated   over $11   billion in GAAP pre-tax income (operating non-GAAP pre-tax   income of $13.7 billion ), our best year-to-year performance   since 2012 Cash from   Operations $15.2B GAAP   cash from operations of over $15 billion was down   year-over-year from global financing receivables, growth in cash taxes, and   mainframe cycle-driven receivables dynamics Delivered nearly $12 billion in free   cash flow with realization of 111% (excluding   charges taken for the enactment of U.S. tax reform), returning over $10 billion to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases Compensation   highlights (PAGE 30) Our compensation   strategy supports IBM’s high value business model What We Do What We Don’t Do Tie a significant portion   of pay to Company performance Mitigate risk taking by   emphasizing long-term equity incentives, placing caps on potential payments,   and maintaining robust clawback provisions Require significant share   ownership by the Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents Utilize noncompetition and   nonsolicitation agreements for senior executives Remove impact of share   repurchase on executive incentives No   individual severance or change-in-control agreements for executive officers No   excise tax gross-ups No   dividend equivalents on unearned RSUs/PSUs No   hedging/pledging of IBM stock No   stock option repricing, exchanges or options granted below market value No   guaranteed incentive payouts No   accelerated vesting of equity awards for executive officers No   above-market returns on deferred compensation plans 6 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Proxy Summary IBM Board of Directors Composition of the Board IBM’s Board of   Directors is responsible for supervision of the overall affairs of IBM. To   assist it in carrying out its duties, the Board has delegated certain   authority to several committees. Following the Annual Meeting in 2019, the   Board will consist of 12 directors, all of whom are independent, with the   exception of Mrs. Rometty, IBM’s Chairman and CEO. In the interim   between Annual Meetings, the Board has the authority under the by-laws to   increase or decrease the size of the Board and to fill vacancies. Director Selection Process The Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for leading the search for   qualified individuals for election as directors to ensure the Board has the   optimal mix of skills, expertise, and diversity of background. The Committee   recommends candidates to the full Board for election. The Board believes that the following core attributes are   key to ensuring the continued vitality of the Board and excellence in the   execution of its duties: · experience   as a leader of a business, firm or institution; · mature   and practical judgment; · the   ability to comprehend and analyze complex matters; · effective   interpersonal and communication skills; and · strong   character and integrity. The Committee and the Board also focus on ensuring that the   Board reflects a diversity of backgrounds (including gender and ethnicity), talents   and perspectives. The Committee and the Board identify candidates through a   variety of means, including: · information the Committee requests from the   Secretary of IBM; · recommendations from members of the   Committee and the Board; · suggestions   from IBM management; and · a   third-party search firm, from time to time. Any formal   invitation to a director candidate is authorized by the full Board. The   Committee also considers candidates recommended by stockholders. Stockholders   wishing to recommend director candidates for consideration by the Committee   may do so by writing to the Secretary of IBM, giving the recommended   candidate’s name, biographical data and qualifications. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | IBM   Board of Directors 7 Director Skills and   Qualifications The IBM Board is   composed of a diverse group of members, all leaders in their respective   fields. All of the current directors have leadership experience at major   domestic and international organizations with operations inside and outside   the United States, at academic or research institutions, or in government.   Directors also have deep industry expertise as leaders of organizations   within some of the Company’s most important client industries and   constituents. Building the Right Board for IBM: Key   Director Attributes Business Operation, Innovation, and Transformation   Experience 100% of IBM   Directors have led complex organizations For over a century, IBM has   continuously reinvented itself to help its clients move from one era to the   next. The ability to comprehend and analyze complex matters   is key to the IBM Board’s oversight of the Company’s innovation and   transformation. All IBM directors have led large organizations, crucial   experience for understanding and overseeing the scale, scope, and complexity   of IBM’s business. Industry Expertise Director-wide   industry experience includes: · Technology · Financial   Services · Healthcare · Pharmaceuticals · Energy · Chemicals · Transport &   Logistics · Manufacturing · Private   Equity · Research &   Development · Government IBM   uniquely combines innovative technology with deep industry expertise,   underpinned by security, trust, and responsible stewardship. IBM’s directors   have experience leading organizations in a variety of industries that enhance   the Board’s knowledge. Their perspectives on contemporary business issues and   experience running data-intensive organizations are an asset to the Company   and to our shareholders. Global Perspective Every IBM Director   has international experience IBM   conducts business around the globe. Our business success is derived from an   understanding of diverse business environments and economic conditions, and a   broad perspective on global business opportunities. The Board’s diverse and   international experience is crucial for IBM, which operates in more than 175   countries around the world. The Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee and the Board believe that the above-mentioned   attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of the   Board members described below, provide IBM with the perspectives and judgment   necessary to guide IBM’s strategies and oversee their execution. 8 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | IBM Board of Directors IBM   BOARD OF DIRECTORS — EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Director Experience Government/ Organizational Specific Risk Regulatory, Client Leadership U. S. Global Oversight/Risk Technology, Business Gender/ Industry and Business Business Management Cybersecurity Associations or Public Ethnic Director Expertise Management Operations Operations CFO Exposure or Digital Academia Public Policy Board Diversity Michael L. Eskew David N. Farr Alex Gorsky Michelle Howard Shirley Ann Jackson Andrew N. Liveris Martha Pollack Virginia M. Rometty Joseph R. Swedish Sidney Taurel Peter R. Voser Frederick H. Waddell The   following client industries provide a snapshot into the many key and   diverse industries in which our directors have relevant experience. Many of   our directors have experience in multiple client industries. Healthcare: Energy: Government: Financial Services: Manufacturing: Information Technology: Transport & Logistics: Research & Development: Chemicals: 2019   New Directors: Admiral Michelle Howard Admiral   Howard is a former United States Navy officer, the first woman to become a   four-star admiral, and the first African American and first woman to be named   Vice Chief of Naval Operations. Her experience with cybersecurity and technology   in the digital age will benefit IBM stockholders. Dr. Martha Pollack Dr. Pollack   is a computer scientist and leader in the field of artificial intelligence,   key skills and expertise for IBM. Her perspectives on education and the use   of technology to improve lives provide value to IBM and its stockholders. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | IBM   Board of Directors 9 1. Election of Directors for a Term of One Year The Board proposes the election of the following   director nominees for a term of one year. Below is information about each   nominee, including biographical data for at least the past five years. If one   or more of these nominees become unavailable to accept a nomination or   election as a director, the individuals named as proxies on the proxy card   will vote the shares that they represent for the election of such other   persons as the Board may recommend, unless the Board reduces the number of   directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS   YOU VOTE FOR EACH OF THE NOMINEES INTRODUCED BELOW. Director since: 2005 Age: 69 Committees: Audit (Chair) Executive Michael L. Eskew Retired Chairman and   Chief Executive Officer, United Parcel Service, Inc., a provider of specialized   transportation and logistics services Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman and chief executive officer of United Parcel   Service, Inc. · Outside board experience as a   director of Allstate Corporation, Eli Lilly and Company and 3M Company · Chairman of a charitable organization Relevant experience Mr. Eskew, 69, is IBM’s independent Lead Director.   Mr. Eskew joined United Parcel Service in 1972. He was named corporate   vice president for industrial engineering in 1994, group vice president for   engineering in 1996, executive vice president in 1999, vice chairman in 2000,   and he was chairman and chief executive officer from 2002 until his   retirement at the end of 2007. Mr. Eskew remained on the board of United   Parcel Service until the end of 2014. He is a director of Allstate Corporation,   Eli Lilly and Company and 3M Company. In addition, he is chairman of the   Annie E. Casey Foundation. Director since: 2012 Age: 64 Committees: Audit David N. Farr Chairman and Chief   Executive Officer, Emerson Electric Co., a diversified manufacturing and   technology company Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman and chief executive officer of Emerson Electric Co. · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy association (director of the U.S.-China Business Council) · Outside board experience as former   director of Delphi Corporation Relevant experience Mr. Farr, 64, joined Emerson in   1981 and subsequently held various executive positions. He was named senior   executive vice president and chief operating officer in 1999, chief executive   officer in 2000 and chairman and chief executive officer in 2004.   Mr. Farr was named chairman, president and chief executive officer in   2005 and chairman and chief executive officer in 2010. He just completed his   tenure as the chairman of the National Association of Manufacturers and is   currently a director of the U.S.-China Business Council. 10 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors Director since: 2014 Age: 58 Committees: Executive Compensation & Management   Resources (Chair) Executive Alex Gorsky Chairman and Chief   Executive Officer, Johnson & Johnson, a global healthcare products company Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman and chief executive officer of Johnson & Johnson · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (member of the Business Roundtable and The Business   Council) · Experience as a university trustee Relevant experience Mr. Gorsky, 58, joined   Johnson & Johnson in 1988. In 2003, he was named company group   chairman of the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical business in Europe,   the Middle East and Africa. Mr. Gorsky left Johnson & Johnson   in 2004 to join the Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, where he served as   head of the company’s pharmaceutical business in North America. Mr. Gorsky returned to Johnson &   Johnson in 2008 as company group chairman for Ethicon. In early 2009, he was   appointed worldwide chairman of the Surgical Care Group and member of the   executive committee. In September 2009, he was appointed worldwide   chairman of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics Group. Mr. Gorsky became   vice chairman of the executive committee in January 2011. He was named   chief executive officer and joined the board of directors in April 2012,   and was named chairman in December 2012. Mr. Gorsky is a member of   the Business Roundtable’s Board of Directors and Chairman of its Corporate   Governance Committee. Mr. Gorsky also serves on the boards of the Travis   Manion Foundation, Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation, the National   Academy Foundation and the Wharton Board of Overseers. Director since: 2019 Age: 58 Committees: Directors & Corporate Governance Michelle Howard Retired Admiral,   United States Navy Qualifications · Leadership and policy experience as   the U.S. Navy’s first woman four-star admiral · Operational experience as commander   of U.S. Naval Forces in Europe and Africa · Global operations and technology   experience as Vice Chief of Naval Operations, with focus on cybersecurity and   information technology in the digital age · Leadership and teaching positions in   government and academia Relevant experience Admiral Michelle J. Howard, 58, is a   retired United States Navy officer. Admiral Howard began serving in the   United States Navy in 1982, after graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy.   During her 35 years of service, she led sailors and marines as, at various   times, the Commander of a ship, an Expeditionary Strike Group, a Task Force,   and a Naval theater. In 1999, she became the first African American woman to   command a ship in the United States Navy. In 2014, she was the first woman to   become a four-star admiral in the U.S. Navy and the   first woman and African American to be appointed to the position of Vice   Chief of Naval Operations, the second-highest ranking uniformed officer in   the branch. Responsible for the Navy’s day-to-day operations, she focused on   cyber culture and information security in the digital age, as well as gender   integration. In 2016, Admiral Howard was appointed by the President to serve   as commander of U.S. Naval Forces in Europe and Africa and the Allied Joint   Forces Command in Naples, Italy, making her the first woman four-star admiral   to command operational forces. She retired from the Navy in 2017. Admiral Howard’s distinguished career   in national defense has included both at-sea and ashore posts, placing her in   key leadership positions within the areas of engineering, operations, and   strategic planning, and policy. Admiral Howard is a graduate of the U.S.   Naval Academy and the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College. She is   currently the J.B. and Maurice C. Shapiro Professor of International Affairs   at the Elliott School of International Affairs at George Washington   University, where she teaches in the areas of cybersecurity and international   policy. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors 11 Director since: 2005 Age: 72 Committees: Directors & Corporate Governance (Chair) Executive Shirley Ann Jackson President,   Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, a leading science and technology university that   brings technological innovation to the marketplace Qualifications · Leadership and technology experience   as president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute · Industry and research experience as a   theoretical physicist at the former AT&T Bell Laboratories · U.S. Government service (former   chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and co-chair of the   President’s Intelligence Advisory Board, former member of the International   Security Advisory Board to the United States Secretary of State, and the   President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology) · Regulatory experience (former member   of the board of governors of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority   (FINRA)) · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (member of the Council on Foreign Relations,   former university vice chair of the Council on Competitiveness, and former   member of the board of the World Economic Forum USA) · Outside board experience as a   director of FedEx Corporation and Public Service Enterprise Group   Incorporated · Tenured professor at Rensselaer   Polytechnic Institute, and formerly at Rutgers University Relevant experience Dr. Jackson, 72, was a theoretical physicist at the   former AT&T Bell Laboratories from 1976 to 1991, professor of theoretical   physics at Rutgers University from 1991 to 1995, and chairman of the U.S.   Nuclear Regulatory Commission from 1995 until she assumed her current position   of president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1999. Dr. Jackson is   a director of FedEx Corporation and Public Service Enterprise Group   Incorporated. She has been co-chair of the President’s Intelligence Advisory   Board and a member of the International Security Advisory Board to the United   States Secretary of State. Dr. Jackson is a fellow of the Royal Academy   of Engineering (U.K.), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a   member of the National Academy of Engineering and the American Philosophical   Society. Dr. Jackson is a recipient of the National Medal of Science,   the highest award in science and engineering awarded by the U.S. Government.   Dr. Jackson is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. She is a   Regent Emerita and former Vice-Chair of the Board of Regents of the   Smithsonian Institution, a past president of the American Association for the   Advancement of Sciences, and an honorary trustee of the Brookings   Institution. Additionally, during the past five years, she served as a director   of Marathon Oil Corporation and Medtronic plc. Director since: 2010 Age: 64 Committees: Executive Compensation & Management   Resources Andrew N. Liveris Retired Executive   Chairman, DowDuPont Inc. and Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,   The Dow Chemical Company, a materials, polymer, chemicals, and biological   sciences enterprise Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman, president and chief executive officer of The Dow   Chemical Company and executive chairman of DowDuPont Inc. · U.S. and international government   service (former chairman of the President’s American Manufacturing Committee,   member of the President’s Task Force on Apprenticeship Expansion, member of   the Australian government’s Industry Growth Centres Advisory Committee and   Thailand’s Board of Investment) · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (vice chairman of the executive committee of the   Business Roundtable and executive committee member and former chairman of The   Business Council) · Experience as a university trustee Relevant Experience Mr. Liveris,   64, joined Dow in 1976 and subsequently held various executive positions,   including vice president of specialty chemicals from 1998 to 2000, business   group president for performance chemicals from 2000 to 2003, and president   and chief operating officer from 2003 to 2004. Mr. Liveris was named   president and chief executive officer of Dow in 2004 and chairman in 2006. In   2016, he transitioned the president role and continued as chairman and chief   executive officer of Dow until late 2017, when he transitioned to the   position of executive chairman of DowDuPont, a position he held until his   retirement in July 2018. Mr. Liveris is a director of   WorleyParsons, Saudi Aramco and NOVONIX Limited. Additionally,   Mr. Liveris served as chairman of the President’s American Manufacturing   Committee and now serves as a member of the President’s Task Force on   Apprenticeship Expansion. Mr. Liveris also serves as vice chairman of   the Executive Committee of the Business Roundtable, and as an Executive   Committee member and former chairman of The Business Council.   Mr. Liveris is also a trustee of The King Abdullah University of Science   and Technology (KAUST), the California Institute of Technology and the United   States Council for International Business (USCIB). 12 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors NEW Director since: 2018 Age: 60 Committees: Executive Compensation & Management   Resources Martha E. Pollack President, Cornell   University, a   leading research university that creates new technologies and achieves   fundamental breakthroughs in understanding and improving lives around the   world Qualifications · Organizational leadership, management   and risk oversight, and management experience as president of Cornell University · Research experience as a computer   scientist with expertise in artificial intelligence as a professor of   computer science, information science, and linguistics · U.S. Government service as a former   member of the advisory committee for the National Science Foundation’s   Computer and Information Science and Engineering Division · Healthcare experience as a former   member of the Board of Directors of the University of Michigan Hospitals and   Health Center, and as a member ( ex officio )   of the board of overseers of Weill Cornell Medicine · Technology experience as a fellow of   the Association for Computing Machinery, a former president of the   Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, a former board   member of the Computing Research Association, and a former member of the   technical staff in the Artificial Intelligence Center at SRI International Relevant experience Dr. Pollack, 60, is the president of Cornell   University and a professor of computer science, information science and linguistics.   She took office in 2017. From 2000 to 2017, Dr. Pollack held various   positions at the University of Michigan with increasing responsibility,   including dean of the School of Information, vice provost for academic and   budgetary affairs, and finally, provost and executive vice president for   academic affairs. Dr. Pollack is a fellow of the American Association   for the Advancement of Science, the Association for Computing Machinery and   the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. Dr. Pollack   has served as editor-in-chief of the Journal   of Artificial Intelligence Research , a former president of the   Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, a former member   of the technical staff in the Artificial Intelligence Center at SRI   International, a member of the advisory committee for the National Science   Foundation’s Computer and Information Science and Engineering Division, and a   former member of the board of directors of the Computing Research   Association. Dr. Pollack also served on the Steering Committee of the   Jacobs Technion-Cornell Institute, the academic partnership between Cornell   and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology at Cornell Tech. Director since: 2012 Age: 61 Committees: Executive (Chair) Virginia M. Rometty Chairman, President   and Chief Executive Officer, IBM Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman, president and chief executive officer of IBM · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (member of the Business Roundtable, the Council on   Foreign Relations and the Peterson Institute for International Economics) · U.S. Government service (former   member of the President’s Export Council) · Experience as a university trustee Relevant Experience Mrs. Rometty, 61, joined IBM in   1981. She was elected senior vice president of Global Business Services in   2005, senior vice president of Sales and Distribution in 2009, senior vice   president and group executive of Sales, Marketing, and Strategy in 2010,   president and chief executive officer of IBM in early 2012 and chairman in   late 2012. She is a member of the Business Roundtable, the Council on Foreign   Relations, the Board of Trustees of Northwestern University and the Board of   Overseers and Managers of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, and   formerly served on the President’s Export Council. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors 13 Director since: 2017 Age: 67 Committees: Executive Compensation & Management   Resources Joseph R. Swedish Senior Advisor and   Retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthem, Inc., a leading health benefits provider Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as executive chairman, president, and chief executive officer of   Anthem, Inc. · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (former member of the Business Roundtable and   graduate member of The Business Council) · Outside board and technology   experience as a director of CDW Corporation · Experience as the chairman of a   university oversight board Relevant experience Mr. Swedish, 67, joined Anthem in 2013 as chief   executive officer and was named chairman of Anthem’s board in 2015. He was   the chairman, chief executive officer and president until late 2017 when he   retired and became the executive chairman, a position he held until his   retirement in May 2018. Prior to joining Anthem, he was the division president of   Hospital Corporation of America from 1993 to 1998, president and chief   executive officer of Centura Health from 1999 to 2004 and then served as   president and chief executive officer of Trinity Health Corporation from 2004   to 2013. Mr. Swedish is a director of Centrexion Therapeutics and   Mesoblast Limited. He also served as a director of the Blue Cross Blue Shield   Association, the National Institute for Health Care Management, the Central   Indiana Corporate Partnership, Inc. and as a member of the Business   Roundtable. Mr. Swedish currently serves as chairman of the Board of   Visitors of Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business and was the past   chairman of America’s Health Insurance Plans. He is a graduate member of The   Business Council and a member of the Duke Margolis External Advisory Board.   He is also a director of CDW Corporation and Proteus Digital   Health, Inc. Mr. Swedish also serves as Co-Founder &   Partner at Concord Health Partners, a private equity firm focused on   strategic investing in healthcare portfolio companies. Director since: 2001 Age: 70 Committees: Directors & Corporate Governance Sidney Taurel Chairman Emeritus,   Eli Lilly and Company, a   pharmaceutical company Chairman, Pearson   plc, a provider of digital education products and services Qualifications · Global business experience as   chairman of Pearson plc and chairman and chief executive officer of Eli Lilly   and Company · Private equity management and   investment banking experience as former senior advisor of Capital Royalty   L.P. and senior advisor of Moelis & Company · U.S. Government service (former   member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the President’s Export Council   and the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations) · Affiliation with leading business   association (graduate member of The Business Council) · Outside board experience as a   director of McGraw Hill Financial, Inc. · Member of a university oversight   board Relevant experience Mr. Taurel, 70, joined Eli Lilly   in 1971 and held management positions in the company’s operations in South   America and Europe. He was named president of Eli Lilly International   Corporation in 1986, executive vice president of the Pharmaceutical Division   in 1991, executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company in 1993, and   president and chief operating officer in 1996. He was named chief executive   officer of Eli Lilly and Company in 1998 and chairman in 1999.   Mr. Taurel retired as chief executive officer in early 2008 and as   chairman in late 2008. He became chairman of Pearson plc in 2016. He is also   a member of the Board of Overseers of the Columbia Business School, a   graduate member of The Business Council and a trustee of the Indianapolis   Museum of Art. Additionally, during the past five years, he was a director of   McGraw Hill Financial, Inc. 14 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors Director since: 2015 Age: 60 Committees: Audit Peter R. Voser Retired Chief   Executive Officer, Royal Dutch Shell plc, a global group of energy and   petrochemical companies; Chairman, ABB   Ltd., a global group of power and automation companies Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman of ABB Ltd. and chief executive officer of Royal Dutch   Shell plc · Affiliation with leading business and   public policy associations (former member of the European Round Table of   Industrialists and a former member of The Business Council) · Outside board experience as a   director of Roche Holding Limited and Temasek Relevant experience Mr. Voser, 60, joined Shell in 1982 and held a   variety of finance and business roles including chief financial officer of   Oil Products. In 2002, he joined the Asea Brown Boveri (ABB) Group of   Companies as chief financial officer and a member of the ABB Group executive   committee. Mr. Voser returned to Shell in 2004, becoming a managing   director of The Shell Transport and Trading Company, p.l.c. and chief   financial officer of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group. He was appointed chief   executive officer of Royal Dutch Shell plc in 2009 and held that position   until his retirement in late 2013. Mr. Voser was named chairman of ABB   Ltd. in 2015. He is a director of Roche Holding Limited, Temasek, as well as   PSA International Pte Ltd, Singapore, a Temasek subsidiary. Mr. Voser is   also active in a number of international and bilateral organizations. Director since: 2017 Age: 65 Committees: Audit Frederick H. Waddell Retired Chairman and   Chief Executive Officer, Northern Trust Corporation, a financial services company Qualifications · Global business and technology   experience as chairman and chief executive officer of Northern Trust   Corporation · Outside board experience as a   director of AbbVie Inc. · Experience as a university trustee Relevant experience Mr. Waddell, 65, joined Northern   Trust Corporation in 1975 and served as the chairman of the board from   November 2009 until his retirement in January 2019. He previously   served as chief executive officer from 2008 through 2017, as president from   2006 through 2011 and again from October to December 2016, and as   chief operating officer from 2006 to 2008. Additionally, Mr. Waddell is   a member of the Board of Trustees of Northwestern University and a director   of AbbVie Inc. Hutham   S. Olayan and James W. Owens are not nominees for election, and their terms   on the Board will end in April 2019. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR EACH OF THE NOMINEES INTRODUCED   ABOVE. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 1. Election of Directors 15 Board and Governance Committees of the Board Members of the Audit Committee, Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee, and the Executive Compensation and Management   Resources Committee are non-management directors who, in the opinion of the   Board, satisfy the independence criteria established by the Board, and the   standards of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the New York   Stock Exchange (NYSE). Directors & Executive Compensation & Director Audit Corporate Governance Management Resources Executive Michael L.   Eskew Chair David N. Farr Alex Gorsky Chair Michelle J.   Howard Shirley Ann   Jackson Chair Andrew N.   Liveris Martha E.   Pollack Virginia M.   Rometty Chair Joseph R. Swedish Sidney Taurel Peter R. Voser Frederick H.   Waddell Board Committee   Refreshment On   at least an annual basis, the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee   reviews committee assignments and discusses whether rotation of Committee   members and Committee Chairs is appropriate to introduce fresh perspectives   and to broaden and diversify the views and experiences represented on the   Board’s Committees. In 2018, the Board rotated several committee positions.   Mr. Taurel rotated from the Executive Compensation and Management   Resources Committee to the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee, and   Mr. Swedish rotated from the Directors and Corporate Governance   Committee to the Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee.   Additionally, Mr. Gorsky was appointed as the chair of the Executive   Compensation and Management Resources Committee. In 2019, Mr. Waddell   joined the Audit Committee, Dr. Pollack joined the Executive   Compensation Management Resources Committee, and Admiral Howard joined the   Directors and Corporate Governance Committee. 16 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Committees of the Board Audit Committee Members: Michael Eskew (Chair) David   Farr Peter   Voser Frederick   Waddell Audit Committee Financial   Experts: Michael   Eskew David   Farr Peter   Voser Frederick   Waddell Number of meetings in 2018: 10 Key Responsibilities: The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing reports   of IBM’s financial results, audit results, internal controls, and adherence   to IBM’s Business Conduct Guidelines in compliance with applicable laws and   regulations, including federal procurement requirements. Concurrent with that   responsibility, set out more fully in the Charter, the Audit Committee   performs many other functions, including: · selecting the independent registered public   accounting firm and reviewing its selection with the Board; · annually preapproving the proposed services   to be provided by the accounting firm during the year; · reviewing the procedures of the independent   registered public accounting firm for ensuring its independence with respect   to the services performed for IBM; and · meeting with management prior to each   quarterly earnings release. The Audit Committee chair, pursuant to authority   delegated by the Audit Committee, may approve engagements with the   independent registered public accounting firm that are outside the scope of   the services and fees approved by the Committee, which are later presented to   the Committee. The Board has determined that each member of the   Committee qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined by the   rules of the SEC. Charter: http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/audit-committee-charter.html Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee Members: Shirley Ann Jackson (Chair) Michelle   Howard Sidney   Taurel Number of meetings in   2018: 4 Key Responsibilities: The Directors and Corporate Governance Committee is   devoted primarily to the continuing review and articulation of the governance   structure and practices of the Board. Concurrent with that responsibility,   set out more fully in the Charter, the Directors and Corporate Governance   Committee performs many other functions, including: · recommending qualified candidates to the   Board for election as directors of IBM, including the slate of directors that   the Board proposes for annual election by stockholders at the Annual Meeting,   and planning for future Board and Committee refreshment actions; · advising and making recommendations to the   Board on all matters concerning directorship practices, and on the function   and duties of the committees of the Board; · making recommendations to the Board on   compensation for non-management directors; · reviewing and considering IBM’s position   and practices on significant public policy issues, such as protection of the   environment, corporate social responsibility, sustainability, and   philanthropic contributions; and · reviewing and considering stockholder   proposals, including those dealing with issues of public and social interest. As discussed above, the Committee is responsible for   recommending qualified candidates to the Board for election as directors of   IBM. The Committee recommends candidates based on their business or   professional experience, the diversity of their background (including gender   and ethnic diversity), and their talents and perspectives. Charter: http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/director-and-corporate-governance.html 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Committees of the Board 17 Executive Compensation and   Management Resources Committee Members: Alex   Gorsky (Chair) Andrew Liveris Martha Pollack Joseph Swedish Number   of meetings in 2018: 5 Key Responsibilities: The Executive Compensation and Management Resources   Committee has responsibility for defining and articulating IBM’s overall   executive compensation philosophy, and administering and approving all   elements of compensation for elected corporate officers. Concurrent with that   responsibility, set out more fully in the Charter, the Executive Compensation   and Management Resources Committee performs many other functions, including: · reviewing   and approving the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chairman and   CEO’s compensation, evaluating her performance in light of those goals and   objectives and, together with the other independent directors, determining   and approving the Chairman and CEO’s compensation based on this evaluation; · reviewing   IBM’s management resources programs, including overseeing, along with the   full Board, the succession-planning process of the CEO and other senior   management positions; · approving,   by direct action or through delegation, participation in and all awards,   grants, and related actions under IBM’s various equity plans; · reviewing   changes in IBM’s pension plans primarily affecting corporate officers; · managing the   operation and administration of the IBM Supplemental Executive Retention   Plan; · reviewing   the compensation structure for IBM’s officers and providing oversight of   management’s decisions regarding performance and compensation of other   employees; and · monitoring   compliance with stock ownership guidelines. The Committee reports to stockholders as required by the   SEC (see 2018 Report of the Executive Compensation and Management Resources   Committee of the Board of Directors below). Members of the Committee are not eligible to participate   in any of the plans or programs that the Committee administers. Charter: http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/executive-compensation-and-management-resources.html Compensation Committee   Interlocks and Insider Participation: None Messrs. Gorsky,   Liveris, McNerney, Taurel, and Swedish each served as members of the   Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee in 2018. All   members of the Committee were independent directors, and no member was an   employee or former employee of IBM. During 2018, none of our executive   officers served on the compensation committee or board of directors of another   entity whose executive officer served on our Executive Compensation and   Management Resources Committee or Board. Therefore, there is no relationship   that requires disclosure as a Compensation Committee interlock. Executive Committee The Executive Committee is empowered to act for the full   Board in intervals between Board meetings, with the exception of certain   matters that by law may not be delegated. The Committee meets as necessary,   and all actions by the Committee are reported at the next Board of Directors   meeting. The Committee did not meet in 2018. Members: Virginia   M. Rometty (Chair) Michael L. Eskew Alex Gorsky Shirley Ann Jackson Number of meetings in   2018: 0 18 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Committees of the Board Corporate Governance IBM’s   Corporate Governance Principles IBM’s   Board of Directors has long adhered to governance principles designed to   ensure the continued vitality of the Board and excellence in the execution of   its duties. Since 1994, the Board has had in place a set of governance   guidelines reflecting these principles, including the Board’s policy of   requiring a majority of the Board to be comprised of independent directors,   the importance of equity compensation to align the interests of directors and   stockholders, and the practice of regularly scheduled executive sessions,   including sessions of non-management directors without members of management.   The IBM Board Corporate Governance Guidelines reflect IBM’s principles on   corporate governance matters. These guidelines are available at https://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/corporate-governance-guidelines.html . Developments: · Changed   Presiding Director title to Lead Director · Signatory of   Commonsense Principles 2.0 · Endorser of   Investor Stewardship Group Principles IBM also has a code of ethics for   directors, executive officers, and employees. The Business Conduct Guidelines   are available on our website at https://www.ibm.com/investor/att/pdf/BCG_English_Accessible_2018.pdf .   Any amendment to, or waiver of, the Business Conduct Guidelines that applies   to one of our directors or executive officers may be made only by the Board   or a Board committee, and would be disclosed on IBM’s website. The process by which stockholders and other   interested parties may communicate with the Board or non-management directors   of IBM is available at http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/contact-the-board.html . Independent   Board Under the IBM Board Corporate Governance   Guidelines, the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee and the full   Board annually review the financial and other relationships between the   independent directors and IBM as part of the assessment of director   independence. The Directors and Corporate Governance Committee makes   recommendations to the Board about the independence of non-management   directors, and the Board determines whether those directors are independent.   In addition to this annual assessment of director independence, independence   is monitored by the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee and the full   Board on an ongoing basis. The independence criteria established by   the Board in accordance with NYSE requirements and used by the Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee and the Board in their assessment of the   independence of directors is available at http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/director-independence-standards.html . Applying those standards to the   non-management directors, including those not standing for election, as well   as former non-management directors who served during 2018, the Committee and   the Board have determined that each of the following directors has met the   independence standards: K.I. Chenault, M.L. Eskew, D.N. Farr, M. Fields, A.   Gorsky, M.J. Howard, S.A. Jackson, A.N. Liveris, W.J. McNerney, Jr.,   H.S. Olayan, J.W. Owens, M.E. Pollack, J.R. Swedish, S. Taurel, P.R. Voser   and F.H. Waddell. Mr. Eskew’s son is employed by IBM and is not an   executive officer. He was hired over a year before Mr. Eskew joined   IBM’s Board, and his compensation and other terms of employment are   determined on a basis consistent with IBM’s human resources policies. Based   on the foregoing, the Board has determined that this relationship does not   preclude a finding of independence for Mr. Eskew. Director Attendance In 2018, the Board held nine meetings and   the committees collectively met 19 times. The Board and the Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee recognize the importance of director   attendance at Board and committee meetings. In 2018: · Overall   attendance at Board and committee meetings was over 95%; and · Attendance was   at least 75% for each director. In addition, each director nominee attended   IBM’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. IBM’s policy with regard to Board   members’ attendance at annual meetings of stockholders is available at http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/director-attendance-at-annual-meeting.html . Executive   Session Regularly   scheduled executive sessions, including sessions of independent directors   without members of management, chaired by the Lead Director, are held at each   Board meeting. Additionally, executive sessions of the independent directors   are led by the Chairs of the Directors and Corporate Governance, Executive   Compensation and Management Resources, and Audit Committees, respectively, at   least once per year. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Corporate Governance 19 Independent   Leadership Structure The Directors and Corporate Governance   Committee is responsible for the continuing review of the governance   structure of the Board, and for recommending to the Board those structures   and practices best suited to IBM and its stockholders. The Committee and the   Board recognize that different structures may be appropriate under different   circumstances. Mrs. Rometty serves as IBM’s Chairman and CEO and   Mr. Eskew serves as IBM’s independent Lead Director, a structure that   the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee and the full Board believe   is currently in the best interests of IBM and its stockholders. A strong,   independent Lead Director with clearly defined duties and responsibilities   further enhances the contributions of IBM’s independent directors, which have   been and continue to be substantial. Mr. Eskew, the Lead Director, has   significant global business, technology, leadership, and oversight experience   as the former chairman and chief executive officer of United Parcel   Service, Inc. The Board strongly   believes that its leadership structure strikes the right balance of allowing   our Chairman and CEO to promote a clear, unified vision for the Company’s   strategy and to provide the leadership critical for effectively and   efficiently implementing the actions needed to ensure strong performance over   the long term, while ensuring robust, independent oversight by the Board and   Lead Director. Role   of the Lead Director Mr. Eskew, the Lead Director,   has the following core responsibilities: preside   at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including   executive sessions of the independent directors, which are held at every   Board meeting; serve   as liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors; approve   information sent to the Board; approve   meeting agendas for the Board; approve   meeting schedules in collaboration with the Chairman to ensure there is   sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; authority   to call meetings of the independent directors; and if   requested by major stockholders, ensure that he is available, as necessary   after discussions with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for   consultation and direct communication. In addition to these core   responsibilities, the Lead Director engages in other regular activities,   including: one-on-one   debriefs with the Chairman after each meeting; analyze   CEO performance in Executive Session in conjunction with the Executive   Compensation & Management Resources Committee chair; review   feedback from the Board and committee evaluation process, working with the   Directors and Corporate Governance Committee chair on enhancements to Board   processes and practices; spend   time with senior management outside of Board meetings to ensure a deep   understanding of the business and strategy of the Company; and attend   other Directors and Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation and   Management Resources Committee meetings in addition to the committee he   chairs. The full Board reviews our   leadership structure at least annually to ensure the allocation of   responsibilities remains appropriate. In   2019, following each of their self-assessments and annual reviews, the   Directors and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board as a whole   continue to believe that this leadership structure provides IBM with the   benefits of combining the leadership role of Chairman and CEO and the unique   strengths and capabilities of the Lead Director and the other independent   Board members. 20 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Corporate Governance Board   Evaluation Process IBM’s Board utilizes a comprehensive,   multi-part process for its ongoing self-evaluation to ensure that the Board   is operating effectively and that its processes reflect best practices. Each   year, IBM’s Directors and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the evaluation   process to ensure that the full Board and each committee conduct an   assessment of their performance and solicit feedback for enhancement and   improvement. 1 The   Board conducts an annual self-evaluation to review the effectiveness of the   Board and its committees, led   by the Chair of the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee. In this   comprehensive review, the self-evaluation   focuses on: · The   composition and performance of the Board, including the size, mix of skills   and experience and director refreshment practices; · The   quality and scope of the materials distributed in advance of meetings; · The   Board’s access to Company executives and operations; · The   promotion of rigorous decision making by the Board and the committees; · The   effectiveness of the Board and committee evaluation processes; and · The   overall functioning of the Board and its committees. 2 Each   committee also performs a self-evaluation in executive session on an annual   basis. · The Audit   Committee’s evaluation, for example, includes individual, one-on-one   interviews between IBM’s internal General Auditor and each member of the Committee. 3 The   Chairman and CEO holds individual, one-on-one interviews with each IBM   director to obtain his or her candid assessment of director performance,   Board dynamics and the effectiveness of the Board and its committees. 4 The   Chairman shares insights from each of these meetings with the Lead Director,   the Chair of the Directors and Corporate Governance Committee, and the full   Board. 5 The Board   meets in executive session to discuss the results of the evaluation and any   other issues that directors may want to raise. 6 Self-evaluation   items requiring follow-up and execution are monitored on an ongoing basis by the   Board, each of the committees, and by IBM management. While this formal   self-evaluation is conducted on an annual basis, directors share   perspectives, feedback, and suggestions continuously throughout the year. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Corporate Governance 21 Succession   Planning IBM has long been recognized for its leadership   and talent development. As part of this, one of the Board’s most important   responsibilities is to ensure that IBM has the appropriate management to   execute the Company’s long-term strategy. To fulfill this responsibility, the   full Board meets at least annually to actively review and plan the succession   of the CEO and other senior management positions. During these reviews, at least annually, the Board   discusses: · Succession   process and timeline; · Profile   and candidate assessments, both internal and external, for the CEO and other   senior leadership positions; · Leadership   pipeline and development plans for the next generation of senior leadership;   and · Diversity,   inclusion, and Company culture. The Executive Compensation and   Management Resources Committee also regularly reviews succession planning and   the Company’s management resources programs. Stockholder   Rights and Accountability At IBM, we routinely evaluate our   governance practices to maintain strong Board and management accountability   and to promote stockholder rights through transparent policies that enhance   investor and public trust. We believe that sound corporate governance is   critical to achieving business success and serves the best interests of our   stockholders. Highlights of our commitment to stockholder rights include: · Annual   election of all Directors · Majority   voting for Directors · Stockholder   ability to call Special Meetings · Proxy   access rights for stockholders owning at least 3% of outstanding shares for 3   years · Robust   stockholder engagement program · No   stockholder rights plan or poison pill provisions · No   supermajority voting provisions · Confidential   voting · NEW Signatory   of Commonsense Principles 2.0 · NEW Endorser   of Investor Stewardship Group Principles Political   Contributions and Lobbying IBM is committed to meaningful   management, oversight, and accurate reporting with respect to our engagement   with government officials, and we consistently seek to provide our   stockholders with relevant data regarding our public policy engagement. Political   Contributions: IBM has a long-standing policy not to make   contributions of any kind (money, employee time, goods or services), directly   or indirectly, to political parties or candidates, including through   intermediary organizations, such as political action committees, campaign   funds, or trade or industry associations. This policy applies equally in all   countries and across all levels of government, even where such contributions   are permitted by law. IBM does not have a   Political Action Committee and does not engage in independent expenditures or   electioneering communications as defined by law. Lobbying: IBM engages in lobbying activities in   accordance with applicable law and the requirements of IBM’s Business Conduct   Guidelines. All IBM lobbying activities, including by third parties on behalf   of IBM, require the prior approval of the IBM Office of Government and   Regulatory Affairs. IBM files periodic reports with the   Secretary of the U.S. Senate and the Clerk of the U.S. House of   Representatives detailing its U.S. federal lobbying activities and   expenditures, with U.S. state and municipal governments, where required, and   with the European Union Transparency Register. 22 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Corporate Governance Trade   Associations: IBM joins trade and industry associations   that add value to IBM, its stockholders and employees. These groups have many   members from a wide variety of industries, and cover broad sets of public   policy and industry issues. As a result, there may be occasions where the   views of a particular association on one or more specific issues are   different than IBM’s views. IBM conducts due diligence on trade   associations before making contributions to be sure that the association is   reputable and has no history of malfeasance. Company policy restricts trade   and industry associations from using IBM funds to engage in political   expenditures. IBM has procedures to ensure that IBM payments to trade or   industry associations comply with this policy. The IBM Board of Directors, as part of its   oversight function, periodically receives reports from senior management   relating to IBM’s policies and practices regarding governmental relations,   public policy, and any associated expenditures. IBM’s senior management, under the leadership of the IBM Office of   Government and Regulatory Affairs, closely monitors all public policy   advocacy efforts, as well as any lobbying activities. The Center for   Political Accountability’s 2018 Report on Corporate Political Disclosure and   Accountability gave IBM a score of 98.6 out of 100, placing IBM in the “First   Tier” of companies whose political disclosure and spending practices were   evaluated. IBM’s policies and practices with regard to   public policy matters, including lobbying activities and expenditures, are   available on its website: http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/public-policy-matters.html . Insurance   and Indemnification IBM has renewed its directors and officers   indemnification insurance coverage. This insurance covers directors and   officers individually where exposures exist other than those for which IBM is   able to provide indemnification. This coverage runs from June 30, 2018 through   June 30, 2019, at a total cost of approximately $4.9 million. The   primary carrier is XL Specialty Insurance Company. Strategy   Oversight The Board actively oversees IBM’s long-term   business strategy and is actively engaged in ensuring that IBM’s culture   reflects its longstanding commitment to integrity, compliance, and inclusion.   The Board is continuously engaged with management on these topics. For   example, each year, the Board holds a two-day strategy session, which   includes presentations from many senior executives across the Company’s   business units. Additionally, at Board meetings, the Board routinely engages   with senior management on critical business matters that tie to the Company’s   overall strategy. In addition, the Board periodically travels to key IBM   facilities, both domestically and internationally, to obtain a first-hand   look at the Company’s operations in strategically important business units   and geographic areas. During this past year, the Board visited four different   locations. Furthermore, the Board regularly meets with IBMers who represent   the next generation of leadership at the Company to ensure that the Company’s   leadership pipeline remains diverse and inclusive, and is linked to its   long-term strategy. Risk   Oversight In recent years, much attention has been   given to the subject of risk and how companies assess and manage risk across   the enterprise. At IBM, we believe that innovation and leadership are   impossible without taking risks. We also recognize that imprudent acceptance   of risk or the failure to appropriately identify and mitigate risk could be   destructive to stockholder value. In addition, an overall review of risk is   inherent in the Board’s consideration of IBM’s long-term strategies and in   the transactions and other matters presented to the Board, including capital   expenditures, acquisitions and divestitures, and financial matters. The   Board’s role in risk oversight of IBM is consistent with IBM’s leadership   structure, with the CEO and other members of senior management having   responsibility for assessing and managing IBM’s risk exposure, and the Board   and its committees providing oversight in connection with those efforts. The Board is responsible for overseeing management in   the execution of its responsibilities and for assessing IBM’s approach to   risk management. The Board exercises these responsibilities regularly as part   of its meetings and also through the Board’s three committees, each of which   examines various components of enterprise risk as part of their   responsibilities. The full Board regularly reviews IBM’s enterprise risk   management framework and processes. The Audit Committee continuously reviews financial and audit   risks identified through IBM’s enterprise management framework. The Executive Compensation   and Management Resources Committee is   responsible for assessing risks relating to IBM’s compensation programs and   employee engagement as an indicator of Company culture, as well as IBM’s   evolving demands for talent. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Corporate Governance 23 The Directors and Corporate Governance Committee oversees   risks associated with government and industry regulations, as well as   corporate social responsibility, sustainability, environmental, and other   societal and governance matters. IBM’s senior management is responsible for   assessing and managing IBM’s various exposures to risk on a day-to-day basis,   including the creation of appropriate risk management programs and policies.   IBM has developed a consistent, systemic and integrated approach to risk   management, including the enterprise risk management framework, to help   determine how best to identify, manage, and mitigate significant risks   throughout IBM. Management regularly reports to the Board and the committees   on a variety of risks. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity   is a critical part of risk management at IBM. To more effectively address   cybersecurity threats, IBM has a dedicated CISO whose team is   responsible for leading enterprise-wide information security strategy,   policy, standards, architecture, and processes. The CISO is part of IBM’s   Enterprise & Technology Security group, which works across all of   the organizations within the Company to protect IBM, its brand and its   clients against cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity   oversight consists of the Board and Audit Committee each receiving regular   updates from senior management, including the CISO, as well as from   cybersecurity experts in areas such as rapidly evolving cybersecurity   threats, cybersecurity technologies and solutions deployed internally and   with IBM clients, major cyber risks areas and policies and procedures to   addresses those risks, and cybersecurity incidents. Environmental and Climate Change Risk Identification   and management of environmental and climate-related risks is an aspect of   IBM’s overall enterprise risk management processes. Environmental and   climate-related risks are assessed and managed by IBM senior management, who   provide regular updates to the Board and to the Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee. In addition, IBM has established internal   objectives and targets for energy conservation, procurement of renewable   energy, carbon dioxide emissions reduction and other key environmental   performance indicators. Performance against these objectives and targets is   routinely monitored, and results are reviewed annually by the Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee. Details on IBM’s performance against key   environmental performance indicators can be found in our Annual Environmental   Report at https://www.ibm.com/ibm/environment/annual/reporting.shtml . For the past 28   consecutive years, IBM has voluntarily published a Corporate   Environmental Report providing detailed information on our environmental   programs and performance. IBM’s uninterrupted annual publication of this   report since 1990 is unsurpassed across our industry. The most recent   Corporate Environmental Report is available at: https://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/2017/ IBM’s Approach to Corporate   Responsibility & Sustainability Under   the guidance and supervision of the Board, IBM pursues the highest   standards of corporate responsibility by embedding IBM’s core values in all   of its corporate responsibility policies, practices, and programs. A   comprehensive look at all of IBM’s corporate responsibility policies,   practices, and programs can be found at https://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/. IBM’s   dedication to economic, environmental, and societal performance and   leadership is an integral part of IBM’s long-term performance strategy. The   Board, in conjunction with the appropriate committees, has oversight   responsibility for each of these areas. For example, the Directors and   Corporate Governance Committee reviews the Company’s position and practices   on significant issues such as the protection of the environment and Corporate   Citizenship efforts, including philanthropic contributions and engagement   with the communities in which the Company operates. 24 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Corporate Governance U.N. Sustainable Development Goals: IBM’s Contributions Adopted   in 2015, the 17 U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) establish a   framework to build an inclusive and sustainable world and provide an   opportunity for IBM to build upon its collaboration with stakeholders from a   cross section of communities, governments, and the social sector. IBM is   uniquely positioned to contribute towards the achievement of the 17 SDGs   through the proactive management of the Company’s internal operations and   supply chain, corporate citizenship programs, diversity and inclusion   practices, and most importantly, the IBM products, solutions, and services   that IBM offers to clients. Products, Services & Solutions IBM’s   products, services, and solutions enable clients to conserve natural   resources, reduce the environmental impacts associated with their operations,   and make informed decisions that drive improved sustainability. For   example, at IBM we believe in the power of blockchain for social good: · The Plastic Bank is   using IBM Blockchain to help more than 1 billion people living in areas of   high poverty and plastic pollution to collect and trade that waste for   digital tokens to purchase useful goods, including food and water. · IBM Food Trust™ uses   blockchain technology to connect growers, processors, distributors, and   retailers, creating a trusted and shared record of food supply chain data. Workplace Diversity and   Inclusion IBM’s   workforce diversity and inclusion programs are helping to promote gender   equality. Programs such as Tech Re-Entry, Business Resource Groups, and   Constituency Councils are creating an equal opportunity workforce that   celebrates diversity, inclusion, and innovation. Environmental Programs IBM   operations align with the U.N. SDGs, ranging from programs to conserve   energy, water, and other resources; to its commitments to source renewable   energy; to the way we design our products to be reused, recycled, and disposed   of properly at the end of their useful lives; to preventing pollution from   our operations. IBM   is also contributing to the U.N. SDGs through its global environmental   management system, product stewardship, energy conservation, climate   protection, pollution prevention, and product recycling efforts. Supply Chain IBM   addresses the environmental and social responsibility aspects of the   Company’s global supply chain, which includes more than 13,000 members. Initiatives   include the responsible sourcing of packaging materials, conducting   environmental supplier audits, fostering supplier diversity, and applying the   Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Supplier Code of Conduct. Corporate Citizenship Through   an integrated portfolio of programs, IBM’s corporate citizenship   initiatives are contributing to the 17 U.N. SDGs by applying IBM technology   and talent to create innovative solutions for education, economic   development, environmental sustainability, healthcare, and more. Programs,   including Corporate Service Corps (CSC), IBM Volunteers, Impact   Grants, Teacher Advisor with Watson, IBM Health Corps, and Pathways in   Technology Early College High Schools (P-TECH), are advocating for cultural,   geographic, and gender equality and providing opportunities for women and   those from low-income backgrounds to participate in education and the global   economy. A comprehensive look at IBM’s contributions to the U.N.   Sustainable Development Goals can be found at https://www.ibm.com/ibm/   environment/news/ibm_unsdgs_2018.pdf 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Corporate Governance 25 Certain Transactions and Relationships Under   IBM’s written related person transactions policy, information about   transactions involving related persons is assessed by the independent   directors on IBM’s Board. Related persons include IBM directors and executive   officers, as well as immediate family members of directors and officers, and   beneficial owners of more than five percent of IBM’s common stock. If the   determination is made that a related person has a material interest in any   IBM transaction, then IBM’s independent directors would review, approve or   ratify it, and the transaction would be required to be disclosed in   accordance with the SEC rules. If the related person at issue is a director   of IBM, or a family member of a director, then that director would not   participate in those discussions. In general, IBM is of the view that   the following transactions with related persons are not significant to   investors because they take place under IBM’s standard policies and   procedures: the sale or purchase of products or services in the ordinary   course of business and on an arm’s-length basis; the employment by IBM where   the compensation and other terms of employment are determined on a basis   consistent with IBM’s human resources policies; and any grants or   contributions made by IBM under one of its grant programs and in accordance   with IBM’s corporate contributions guidelines. From   time to time, IBM may have employees who are related to our executive   officers or directors. As noted in the discussion above on “Corporate   Governance — Independent Board,” Mr. Eskew’s son is employed by IBM. He   is an executive of IBM (not an executive officer). In addition, a   brother-in-law of Mrs. V.M. Rometty (Chairman and CEO) and the wife of   Mr. R.F. Del Bene (Vice President and Controller) were employed as   executives of IBM during 2018. A daughter of Mr. Del Bene and a brother   of Dr. J.E. Kelly III (Executive Vice President) are also employed by   IBM in non-executive positions. None of the above-referenced family member   employees are executive officers of IBM. Each employee mentioned above   received compensation in 2018 between $120,000 and $700,000. Additionally, in   2018, Mr. Eskew’s son and the wife of Mr. Del Bene each received   equity grants. The compensation, equity grants and other terms of employment   of each of the family member employees noted above are determined on a basis   consistent with IBM’s human resources policies. 2018 Director Compensation Narrative Annual Retainer: In 2018, non-management directors   received an annual retainer of $325,000. Chairs of the Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee and the Executive Compensation and Management Resources   Committee each received an additional annual retainer of $20,000 and the   chair of the Audit Committee received an additional annual retainer of   $30,000. The additional retainer for the Lead Director position is $30,000. Under   the IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan (DCEAP), 60% of the total   annual retainer is required to be deferred and paid in Promised Fee Shares   (PFS). Each PFS is equal in value to one share of IBM’s common stock. When a   cash dividend is paid on IBM’s common stock, each director’s PFS account is   credited with additional PFS reflecting a dividend equivalent payment. With   respect to the payment of the remaining 40% of the annual retainer, directors   may elect one or any combination of the following: (a) deferral into   PFS, (b) deferral into an interest-bearing cash account, and/or (c)   receipt of cash payments on a quarterly basis during service as a Board   member. IBM does not pay above-market or preferential earnings on   compensation deferred by directors. Stock Ownership Guidelines: Under the IBM   Board Corporate Governance Guidelines, within five years of initial election   to the Board, non-management directors are expected to have stock-based holdings   in IBM equal in value to eight times the equity portion of the annual   retainer initially payable to such director. Stock-based holdings mean   (i) IBM shares owned personally or by members of immediate family   sharing the same household, and (ii) DCEAP PFS. Stock-based holdings do   not include unexercised options. Our   stock ownership guidelines remain the strongest in our peer group. Payout under the DCEAP: Upon a director’s   retirement or other completion of service as a director (a) all amounts   deferred as PFS are payable, at the director’s choice, in cash and/or shares   of IBM’s common stock, and (b) amounts deferred into the   interest-bearing cash account are payable in cash. Payouts may be made in any   of (a) a lump sum payment as soon as practicable after the date on which   the director ceases to be a member of the Board, (b) a lump sum payment   paid in February of the calendar year immediately following the calendar   year in which the director ceases to be a member of the Board, or (c) between   two and ten annual installments, paid beginning in February following   the calendar year in which the director ceases to be a member of the Board.   If a director elects to receive PFS in cash, the payout of PFS is valued   using the closing price of IBM common stock on the NYSE as follows: for   payouts made in an immediate lump sum, IBM stock will be valued on the   date on which the director ceases to be a member of the Board; for lump sum   payments made in February of the calendar year immediately following the   calendar year of separation or for installment payouts, IBM common stock   will be valued on the last business day of the January preceding such   February payment. IBM’s Matching Grants Program: In   2018, non-management directors were eligible to participate in IBM’s Matching   Grants Program on the same basis as IBM’s employees based in the U.S. Under   this program, IBM matched a director’s eligible contributions in cash on   a 1-to-1 basis to approved educational institutions, medical facilities and   cultural or environmental institutions. Each director was also eligible for a   Company match on total gifts up to $10,000 per calendar year. Amounts shown   in the Director Compensation Table for matching grants may be in excess of   $10,000 because such amounts include Company contributions on gifts that were   made by directors in previous years. 26 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Certain Transactions and Relationships Director Compensation Consultant: The Committee   retains Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC (Semler Brossy) to assess trends   and developments in director compensation practices and to compare IBM’s   practices against them. The Committee uses the analysis prepared by the   consultant as part of its periodic review of IBM’s director compensation   practices. Other than services provided to IBM’s Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee and IBM’s Executive Compensation and Management   Resources Committee, Semler Brossy does not perform any other work for IBM.   The Committee determined that Semler Brossy is free of conflicts of interest. 2018 Director Compensation Table Name (a) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (b) All Other Compensation ($) (c) (1) Total ($) (d) Kenneth   I. Chenault 325,000 202,632 527,632 Michael   L. Eskew 385,000 179,701 564,701 David   N. Farr 325,000 53,490 378,490 Mark   Fields (2) 102,917 5,461 108,378 Alex   Gorsky 328,389 47,506 375,895 Shirley   Ann Jackson 345,000 166,422 511,422 Andrew   N. Liveris 325,000 95,261 420,261 W.   James McNerney, Jr. (3) 102,917 72,806 175,723 Hutham   S. Olayan 325,000 30,324 355,324 James   W. Owens 325,000 127,667 452,667 Joseph   R. Swedish 325,000 4,519 329,519 Sidney   Taurel 341,667 206,052 547,719 Peter   R. Voser 325,000 44,001 369,001 Frederick   H. Waddell 325,000 7,449 332,449 (1) Amounts   in this column include the following: for Mr. Chenault: $202,507 of   dividend equivalent payments on PFS; for Mr. Eskew: $179,576 of dividend   equivalent payments on PFS; for Mr. Farr: $43,365 of dividend equivalent   payments on PFS and $10,000 contributed by the Company under the Matching   Grants Program; for Mr. Gorsky: $47,382 of dividend equivalent payments   on PFS; for Dr. Jackson: $161,298 of dividend equivalent payments on   PFS; for Mr. Liveris: $95,136 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS;   for Mr. McNerney: $62,764 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS and   $10,000 contributed by the Company under the Matching Grants Program; for   Ms. Olayan: $30,200 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS; for   Mr. Owens: $127,542 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS; for   Mr. Taurel: $200,927 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS; and for   Mr. Voser: $43,876 of dividend equivalent payments on PFS. (2) After   Mr. Fields’s term on the Board ended in April 2018, Mr. Fields   was paid $631,145 of earned compensation and dividend reinvestments, which   had been previously deferred under the DCEAP since his election to the Board   in 2016. (3) After Mr. McNerney’s   term on the Board ended in April 2018, Mr. McNerney was paid   $1,083,221 of earned compensation and dividend reinvestments, which had been   previously deferred under the DCEAP since his election to the Board in 2009.   Mr. McNerney elected to defer payment of 8,738 shares. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (column (b)): Amounts   shown in this column reflect the annual retainer paid to each director as   described above. A director receives a pro-rated amount of the annual   retainer for service on the Board and, if applicable, as Lead Director or a   committee chair, based on the portion of the year for which the director   served. All Other Compensation (column (c)): Amounts   shown in this column represent: · Dividend equivalent payments on PFS   accounts under the DCEAP as described above. · Group Life Insurance premiums paid by   IBM on behalf of the directors. · Value of the contributions made by   IBM under IBM’s Matching Grants Program as described above. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | 2018 Director Compensation Table 27 Section 16(a) Beneficial   Ownership Reporting Compliance IBM   believes that all reports for IBM’s executive officers and directors that   were required to be filed under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange   Act of 1934 in 2018 were timely filed with the exception of one report   covering one purchase transaction by Mr. Farr. Ownership of Securities Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The   following sets forth information as to any person known to IBM to be the   beneficial owner of more than five percent of IBM’s common stock as of   December 31, 2018. Number of Shares Name and address Beneficially Owned Percent of Class The   Vanguard Group (1) 71,693,361 7.88% 100   Vanguard Boulevard Malvern,   PA 19355 BlackRock, Inc. (2) 61,367,009 6.8% 55   East 52nd Street New   York, NY 10055 State   Street Corporation (3) 53,721,103 5.9% State   Street Financial Center One   Lincoln Street Boston,   MA 02111 (1)  Based   on the Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   February 13, 2019 by The Vanguard Group and certain subsidiaries   (Vanguard). Vanguard reported that it had sole voting power over 1,107,829   shares, shared voting power over 222,932 shares, sole dispositive power over   70,386,753 shares, and shared dispositive power over 1,306,608 shares. The   Schedule 13G does not identify any shares with respect to which there is a   right to acquire beneficial ownership. The Schedule 13G states that the   shares were acquired and are held in the ordinary course of business and were   not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of   changing or influencing the control of IBM. (2)  Based   on the Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   February 4, 2019 by BlackRock, Inc. and certain subsidiaries   (BlackRock). BlackRock reported that it had sole voting power over 52,655,362   shares and sole dispositive power over all shares beneficially owned. The   Schedule 13G does not identify any shares with respect to which there is a   right to acquire beneficial ownership. The Schedule 13G states that the   shares were acquired and are held in the ordinary course of business and were   not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of   changing or influencing the control of IBM. (3)  Based   on the Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   February 13, 2019 by State Street Corporation and certain subsidiaries   (State Street). State Street reported that it had shared voting power over   43,572,745 shares and shared dispositive power over 53,711,151 shares. The   Schedule 13G does not identify any shares with respect to which there is a   right to acquire beneficial ownership. The Schedule 13G states that the   shares were acquired and are held in the ordinary course of business and were   not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of   changing or influencing the control of IBM. 28 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Common Stock and Stock-based Holdings of Directors and   Executive Officers The   following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of IBM’s common   stock as of December 31, 2018 by IBM’s current directors and nominees,   the executive officers named in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table, and such   directors and all of IBM’s executive officers as of December 31, 2018 as   a group. Also shown are shares over which the named person could have   acquired voting power or investment power within 60 days after   December 31, 2018. Voting power includes the power to direct the voting   of shares held, and investment power includes the power to direct the   disposition of shares held. IBM’s current   non-management directors and nominees had beneficial ownership of a total of   257,268 shares of common stock and DCEAP shares as of December 31, 2018,   an increase of nearly 12% year to year. In the aggregate, these shares were   valued at more than $29 million as of December 31, 2018, or an average   of more than $2.4 million for each of IBM’s non-management directors as of   December 31, 2018. Acquirable within 60 days Value of Common Stock shares at Stock-based Options Directors’ Fiscal Year End Name Common Stock (1) Holdings (2) and RSUs (3) DCEAP Shares (4) ($) (5) Erich   Clementi 31,080 89,493 12,579 N/A 3,532,864 Michael   L. Eskew 0 0 0 31,574 3,589,017 David   N. Farr 6,008 6,008 0 8,108 1,604,566 Alex   Gorsky 0 0 0 9,420 1,070,771 Michelle   Howard (8) 0 0 0 0 0 Shirley   Ann Jackson 0 0 0 28,356 3,223,227 James   J. Kavanaugh 46,655 (6) 82,951 8,772 N/A 5,303,274 John   E. Kelly III 101,441 (7) 160,593 0 N/A 11,530,798 Andrew   N. Liveris 0 0 0 17,301 1,966,605 Hutham   S. Olayan 0 0 0 6,544 743,856 James   W. Owens 6,000 6,000 0 22,670 3,258,919 Martha   E. Pollack (8) 0 0 0 0 0 Virginia   M. Rometty 252,044 380,293 1,500,000 N/A 28,649,841 Martin   J. Schroeter 56,481 125,297 25,158 N/A 6,420,195 Joseph   R. Swedish 3,261 (9) 3,261 0 1,653 558,574 Sidney   Taurel 23,798 23,798 0 34,892 6,671,292 Peter   R. Voser 0 0 0 8,810 1,001,433 Frederick   H. Waddell 2,763 2,763 0 2,754 627,117 Directors   and executive officers as a group 614,201 (10) 1,078,133 1,559,088 (10) 172,082 (10) (1)   This   column is comprised of shares of IBM common stock beneficially owned by the   named person. Unless otherwise noted, voting power and investment power in   the shares are exercisable solely by the named person, and none of the shares   are pledged as security by the named person. Standard brokerage accounts may   include nonnegotiable provisions regarding set-offs or similar rights. This   column includes 51,404 shares in which voting and investment power are   shared. The directors and officers included in the table disclaim beneficial   ownership of shares beneficially owned by family members who reside in their   households. The shares are reported in such cases on the presumption that the   individual may share voting and/or investment power because of the family   relationship. The shares reported in this column do not include 17,347 shares   held by the IBM Personal Pension Plan Trust Fund, over which the members of   the IBM Retirement Plans Committee, a management committee presently   consisting of certain executive officers of IBM, have voting power, as well   as the right to acquire investment power by withdrawing authority now delegated   to various investment managers. (2)   For   executive officers, this column is comprised of the shares shown in the   “Common Stock” column and, as applicable, all restricted stock units,   including retention restricted stock units, officer contributions into the   IBM Stock Fund under the IBM Excess 401(k) Plus Plan, and Company   contributions into the IBM Stock Fund under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. Some   of these restricted stock units may have been deferred under the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan in accordance with elections made prior to January 1, 2008,   and they will be distributed to the executive officers after termination of   employment as described in the 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   Narrative. (3)   For   executive officers, this column is comprised of (i) shares that can be   purchased under an IBM stock option plan within 60 days after   December 31, 2018, and (ii) RSU awards that will vest within 60   days after December 31, 2018. For Mrs. Rometty, shares in this   column are from a premium-priced option grant that can be purchased pursuant   to an IBM stock option plan within 60 days after December 31, 2018. (4)   Promised   Fee Shares earned and accrued under the IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity   Award Plan (DCEAP) as of December 31, 2018, including dividend equivalents   credited with respect to such shares. Upon a director’s retirement, these   shares are payable in cash or stock at the director’s choice (see 2018   Director Compensation Narrative for additional information). (5)   Values   in this column are calculated by multiplying the number of shares shown in   the “Common Stock” column plus the “Directors’ DCEAP Shares” column by the   closing price of IBM stock on the last business day of the 2018 fiscal year ($113.67). (6)   Includes 15,174 shares in which   voting and investment power are shared. (7)   Includes   26,547 shares in which voting and investment power are shared. (8)   Dr. Pollack joined the Board on   February 1, 2019 and Admiral Howard joined the Board on March 1,   2019. (9)   Voting   and investment power are shared. (10) The   total of these three columns represents less than 1% of IBM’s outstanding   shares, and no individual’s beneficial holdings totaled more than 1/5 of 1%   of IBM’s outstanding shares. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement   | Ownership of Securities 29 2018   Executive Compensation Message to Stockholders Report of the Executive   Compensation and Management Resources   Committee of the Board of Directors Set out below is the Compensation   Discussion and Analysis, which is a discussion of IBM’s executive   compensation programs and policies written from the perspective of how we and   management view and use such programs and policies. Given the Committee’s   role in providing oversight to the design of those programs and policies, and   in making specific compensation decisions for senior executives using those   programs and policies, the Committee participated in the preparation of the   Compensation Discussion and Analysis, reviewing successive drafts of the   document and discussing those with management. The Committee recommended to   the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this   Proxy Statement. We join with management in welcoming readers to examine our   pay practices and in affirming the commitment of these pay practices to the   long-term interests of stockholders. Alex Gorsky (chair) Andrew N. Liveris Joseph R. Swedish 30 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Report of the Executive Compensation and Management Resources   Committee of the Board of Directors 2018 Compensation   Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary IBM’s financial model is designed to deliver profitable   growth through the creation of compelling value for our clients. Through a   number of strategic investments this year, the Company has strengthened its   competitive position. These include strategic organic investments in high   value products and services, the announced acquisition of Red Hat, among   other strategic acquisitions and divestitures, the infusion of AI into   products and services offerings, and investment in deepening employee   industry and technical skills. In addition, the Company has adopted agile   workflows, enhancing the rate of innovation and change, as well as   operational execution and productivity. The business model and financial   model have enabled the Company to deliver strong earnings, cash flows and   returns to shareholders over the long term. In 2018, we saw strengthening   performance across the year, but this improvement was not with the   consistency that management set for itself across all markets and business   units. In 2018, IBM delivered $79.6B in revenue,   with a 46.4% gross profit margin, and generated $15.2B cash from operations. (1)  Non-GAAP   financial metrics. See Appendix A for information on how we calculate these   performance metrics. (2)  Excludes   $2 billion in 2018 charges related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. (3)  Based   on GAAP from Continuing Operations, ROIC equals net operating profits after   tax (net income plus after-tax interest expense) divided by the sum of the   average debt and average total stockholders’ equity. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018   Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Our compensation strategy, with significant pay at risk,   supports the drivers of IBM’s high value business model. For   2018, at target, 69% of   Mrs. Rometty’s pay was at risk and subject to attainment of rigorous   performance goals. Payouts in both the annual and long-term programs reflect   rigorous performance goals. Program   payouts during the multi-year business transformation have affected CEO   realized pay over time. Feedback from Our Investors Continues to   Inform the Committee · IBM   once again engaged with over 100 institutions and reached out to hundreds of   thousands of individual registered and beneficial owners, representing more   than 50% of the shares that voted on Say on Pay in 2018. · Our   stockholder discussions and formal 2018 Say on Pay vote reaffirmed their   support. Our 2018 Say on Pay vote was 89% favorable. Note: In an effort to provide additional and useful   information regarding IBM’s financial results and other financial information   as determined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this   Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Proxy Statement contains certain   non-GAAP financial measures on a continuing operations basis, including   operating earnings per share, free cash flow, operating cash flow, operating   pre-tax income from continuing operations, and operating income from   continuing operations. For reconciliation and rationale for management’s use   of this non-GAAP information, refer to Appendix A — “Non-GAAP Financial   Information and Reconciliations.” 32 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Section 1:   Executive Compensation Program Design and Results Trust and personal   responsibility in all relationships   — relationships with clients, partners, communities, fellow IBMers, and   investors — is a core value at IBM. As a part of maintaining this trust, we well   understand the need for our investors — not only professional fund managers   and institutional investor groups, but also millions of individual investors   — to know how and why compensation decisions are made. To that end, IBM’s   executive compensation practices are designed specifically to meet five key   objectives: · Align the interests of IBM’s   leaders with those of our investors by varying compensation based on both   long-term and annual business results and delivering a large portion of the   total pay opportunity in IBM stock; · Balance rewards for both   short-term results and the long-term strategic decisions needed to ensure   sustained business performance over time; · Attract and retain the highly   qualified senior leaders needed to drive a global enterprise to succeed in   today’s highly competitive marketplace; · Motivate our leaders to deliver   a high degree of business performance without encouraging excessive risk   taking; and · Differentiate rewards to reflect   individual and team performance. The specific elements of IBM’s U.S. executive   compensation programs are: Type Component Key   Characteristics Current Year   Performance Salary Salary   is a market-competitive, fixed level of compensation. Annual Incentive Program (AIP) At   target, annual incentive provides a market-competitive total cash   opportunity. Actual annual incentive payments are funded by business   performance against financial metrics and distributed based on annual   performance scores, with top performers typically earning the greatest   payouts and the lowest performers earning no incentive payouts. · Based   on a competitive review in 2018, the Committee reduced the maximum payout   opportunity for the Chairman and CEO to 2X salary, but chose to retain the 3X   payment cap for other executives in the event of truly extraordinary   performance. Long-Term Incentive Performance Share Units (PSUs) Equity awards are   typically granted annually and may consist of PSUs and RSUs. Equity grants   are based on the competitive positioning and vary based on individual talent   factors. Lower performers do not receive equity grants. For PSUs, the number   of units granted is adjusted at the end of the three-year performance period   based on IBM’s performance against predetermined targets for operating   earnings per share and free cash flow. In   addition, a relative performance metric has been added. Applying to all PSU   awards beginning with the 2018 to 2020 performance period, the final number   of PSUs earned can be adjusted based on IBM’s Return on Invested Capital   (ROIC) performance relative to competitors. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) RSUs   vest over time; typically four years. Retention Stock-Based   Grants & Cash Awards Periodically, the   Compensation Committee and/or the Chairman and CEO reviews outstanding   stock-based awards for key executives. Depending on individual performance   and the competitive environment for senior executive leadership talent,   awards may be made in the form of Retention Restricted Stock Units (RRSUs),   premium-priced stock options or cash for certain executives. RRSUs vesting   periods typically range from two to five years. Cash awards have a clawback   if an executive leaves IBM before a specified date. Other Compensation Perquisites   and Other Benefits Perquisites are   intended to ensure safety and productivity of executives. Perquisites include   such things as annual executive physicals, transportation, financial   planning, and personal security. Post Employment Savings   Plan U.S. employees may   participate in the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan by saving a portion of their pay   in the plan, and eligible employees may also participate in a non-qualified   deferred compensation plan, which enables participants to save a portion of   their eligible pay in excess of IRS limits for 401(k) plans. The Company   provides matching and automatic contributions for both of these plans. NEOs may have legacy   participation in closed retention and retirement plans, for which future   accruals ceased as of December 31, 2007. A full description of   the Retention, Pension, and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation plans is   provided, beginning with the 2018 Retention Plan Narrative. Nonqualified   Savings Plan Pension   Plans (closed) Supplemental   Executive Retention Plan (closed) 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement   | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Our Incentive Compensation Design supports our business   strategy Our senior executive pay is heavily   weighted to IBM’s performance through the annual and long term incentive programs.   Each year, the Committee ensures that these programs are closely aligned to   the Company’s financial and strategic objectives and are appropriately   balanced. Targets are set at challenging levels and are consistent with IBM’s   financial model shared with investors for that year. As part of IBM’s ongoing   management system, targets are evaluated to ensure they do not encourage an   inappropriate amount of risk taking. IBM measures five key financial metrics, and in 2018, added   a relative Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) modifier to the PSU program,   based on performance relative to peers: Strategic Imperatives   Revenue Supports portfolio shift into a cognitive   solutions and cloud platform company that will deliver the highest value   opportunities for our clients and stockholders AIP Operating Net Income Measures our profit and operational success Operating Cash Flow* Important measure of our ability to reinvest   and return value to stockholders Operating EPS Measures operating profitability on a per   share basis PSU Program Free Cash Flow Important measure of our ability to reinvest   and return value to stockholders over multiple years ROIC Modifier (New beginning in 2018) Reaffirms   high value business model through a negative adjustment for ROIC below   S&P 500 median, and a positive adjustment for ROIC above both the S&P   500 and S&P IT medians. *Net Cash from Operating Activities, excluding Global   Financing receivables. IBM shares its financial model each year with   investors in the context of its long-term strategy. To provide transparency   into the rigor of our goal setting process, IBM discloses the   performance attainment against targets for the most recent performance   period, for both the Annual Incentive Program and the Performance Share Unit   Program. 2019   AIP Design Update In 2015, IBM began focusing on Strategic   Imperatives revenue to ensure strong growth in cloud, analytics, mobile,   social, and security, which formed the critical elements of our transformational   business strategy. Now that Strategic Imperatives revenue has reached about   $40 billion and 50% of Total IBM revenue, the Committee, with input from   management, investors, and its consultant, reassessed the performance   measures for the Annual Incentive Program. As a result, the Committee   approved a change in the 2019 AIP design to replace Strategic Imperatives   revenue with total IBM revenue, at the same 20% weighting. The other metrics   and weighting remain the same. 34 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Annual   Incentive Program How It Works IBM sets business objectives at the   beginning of each year, which are approved by the Board of Directors. The   Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors review IBM’s annual   business objectives and set the metrics and weightings for the annual program   to reflect current business priorities. These objectives translate to targets   for IBM and for each business unit for purposes of determining the target   funding of the Annual Incentive Program. Performance against business   objectives determines the actual total funding pool for the year, which can   vary from 0% to 200% of total target incentives for all executives. At the   end of the year, performance for IBM is assessed against these predetermined   financial targets, which are updated to remove any impact of currency   movement or the change in tax rates, compared to plan. The financial targets may be adjusted   up or down for extraordinary events if recommended by the Chairman and CEO   and approved by the Compensation Committee. For example, adjustments are   usually made for large divestitures and acquisitions. In addition, the   Chairman and CEO can recommend an adjustment, up or down, based on factors   beyond IBM’s financial performance; for example, client experience, market   share growth and workforce development. The Compensation Committee reviews   the financial scoring and qualitative adjustments and approves the Annual   Incentive Program funding level. Once the total pool funding level has   been approved, payouts for each executive are calculated using an Individual   Contribution Factor (ICF). The ICF is determined by evaluating individual   performance against predetermined business objectives. As a result, a   lower-performing executive will receive as little as zero payout and the most   exceptional performers (excluding the Chairman and CEO) are capped at three   times their individual target incentive (payouts at this level are rare and   only possible when IBM’s performance has also been exceptional). The Annual   Incentive Program, which covers approximately 5,000 IBM executives, includes   this individual cap at three times the individual target to ensure differentiated   pay for performance. For the Chairman and CEO, the cap is two times target. This incentive design ensures payouts   are aligned to IBM’s overall business performance while also ensuring   individual executive accountability for specific business objectives. 2018 Annual Incentive Payout Results Based on full year financial   performance against Strategic Imperatives revenue, operating net income, and   operating cash flow, the weighted incentive score was 96. Overall results   were strong for the full year, with IBM returning to growth in revenue and   achieving about $40 billion in Strategic Imperative Revenue representing 50%   of IBM total revenue. The Company stabilized gross profit margins, with   year-to-year expansion in the second half, and grew both GAAP and Operating   EPS for the year. However, this performance was not with the consistency that   management set for itself across all markets and units, and while IBM also   performed well on other key non-financial factors such as diversity and workforce   engagement, the Chairman and CEO recommended to the Committee a 15 point   downward qualitative adjustment to the final incentive score, and the   Committee approved the recommendation. Financial Metrics 2018 Results 2018 % Attainment Weight Strategic   Imperatives Revenue (2) $39.8B 97% 20% Operating Net Income (3) $12.7B 95% 40% Operating Cash Flow (3) $15.6B 97% 40% (1)   Based on AIP payout table. (2)   In 2019, total IBM revenue will replace   Strategic Imperatives revenue. (3)   Non-GAAP financial metrics. See Appendix A   for information on how we calculate these performance metrics. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement    | 2018   Compensation Discussion and Analysis 35 Performance   Share Unit Program The Performance Share Unit (PSU) metrics for   the 2016–2018 performance period were Operating EPS and Free Cash Flow,   unchanged from previous years. Targets are established at the beginning of   each three-year performance period. These targets are based on IBM’s   financial model, as shared with investors, and the Board-approved annual   budget. The Committee’s longstanding practice is that the Company’s share   repurchase activities have no effect on executive compensation. To formalize   this practice, for Performance Share awards starting in 2016 and thereafter,   actual operating EPS results are adjusted to remove the impact of any   difference between the actual share count and the budgeted share count, while   simultaneously ensuring that executive compensation targets are normalized   for any planned buybacks that are incorporated into the Operating EPS target.   Additionally, the scoring for the Performance Share Unit Program takes into   account extraordinary events. For the 2016–2018 performance period, there   were no such events. At the end of each three-year performance   period, the Compensation Committee approves the determination of actual   performance relative to pre-established targets, and the number of   Performance Share Units is adjusted up or down from 0% to 150% of targets,   based on the approved actual performance. There is no discretionary   adjustment to the PSU program score. The PSU score is calculated as a weighted   average of results against targets for Operating EPS (70%) and Free Cash Flow   (30%). The calculation for the 2016–2018 performance period is shown in the   table below. 2016–2018 Performance Period Operating EPS* Free Cash Flow* 3 Year   Cumulative Performance $41.06 $36.5B %   Attainment 97% 106% Incentive   Score 93 115 Weighting 70% 30% Final   Score 99 * Non-GAAP financial metrics. See   Appendix A for information on how we calculate these performance metrics. 2016 free cash flow results as   originally reported, prior to restatement for adoption of 2017 FASB guidance   on stock-based compensation. 2016–2017 Operating EPS as originally   reported, prior to restatement for adoption for 2018 FASB guidance on   pension. Starting with the 2018–2020 PSU   Program and continued in the 2019–2021 PSU Program, a Relative Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)   modifier has been added to the program design. The modifier is   based on IBM’s ROIC performance over the three-year performance period,   relative to the S&P 500 Index (excluding financial services companies due   to lack of comparability) and the S&P Information Technology Index. This   modifier reduces the score up to 20 points when performance falls below the   S&P 500 Index median, and increases the score up to 20 points when IBM   exceeds the median performance of both the S&P 500 Index and the S&P   Information Technology Index. The modifier has no impact when IBM’s ROIC   performance falls between the S&P 500 Index median and the S&P   Information Technology Index median. The following graph illustrates how the   modifier can affect the PSU score. In the event the weighted final score of   Operating EPS and Free Cash Flow is 0, the ROIC modifier would not apply. RELATIVE ROIC MODIFIER 36 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion   and Analysis Section 2: Compensation   Program Governance Stockholder   Engagement IBM continually reviews and enhances   its corporate governance and executive compensation programs. As part of this   review, it is IBM’s longstanding practice to meet with a significant number   of our largest investors during both the proxy season and the off-season, to   solicit their feedback on a variety of topics. In 2018, IBM once again engaged   with over 100 institutional investors. Further, our process includes outreach   to hundreds of thousands of individual registered and beneficial owners,   which represent a majority of our retail base. The Company continued its   enhanced engagement practices in 2018. IBM’s Lead Director, the Chair of the   Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee, the Chair of the   Directors and Corporate Governance Committee, and members of IBM’s senior   management participated in a significant portion of this engagement program.   Overall, the Company offered to engage with investors representing more than   50% of the shares that voted on Say on Pay at the 2018 Annual Meeting. This   in-depth engagement process provides valuable feedback to the Compensation   Committee on an ongoing basis. Overall, our stockholders continue to   support the Company’s compensation program and practices. We heard from   stockholders that they are strongly supportive of the overall design of the   program, which focuses on long-term financial performance that drives   stockholder value. Still, the Committee and the Board review and consider all   of the investor feedback in making decisions relating to the design of our   executive compensation programs. For example, the following changes occurred   in 2018 and 2019: · The   maximum Annual Incentive Program opportunity for the CEO was reduced to two   times target, which is more aligned with current market practice. · The   Company added a relative Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) modifier to the   Performance Share Units (PSUs) granted in 2018 and 2019. · For   2019, we modified our Annual Incentive Program to remove Strategic   Imperatives revenue as a financial metric and replace it with total IBM   Revenue. Compensation Practices Overall, IBM’s compensation   policies and decisions, explained in detail in this Compensation Discussion   and Analysis, continue to be focused on long-term financial performance to   drive stockholder value. The table below highlights practices   that IBM embraces in support of strong governance practices. What We Do What We Don’t Do Tie a significant portion of pay to Company performance Mitigate risk taking by emphasizing long-term equity   incentives, placing caps on potential payments, and maintaining robust   clawback provisions Require significant share ownership by the Chairman and CEO   and Senior Vice Presidents Utilize noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements for   senior executives Remove impact of share repurchase on executive incentives No individual   severance or change-in-control agreements for executive officers No excise tax   gross-ups No dividend   equivalents on unearned RSUs/PSUs No hedging/pledging of   IBM stock No stock option   repricing, exchanges or options granted below market value No guaranteed   incentive payouts No accelerated vesting   of equity awards for executive officers No above-market   returns on deferred compensation plans 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and   Analysis 37 Personal   Stake in IBM’s Future through Stock Ownership Requirements Investors want the leaders of their companies to act like   owners. That alignment, we believe, works best when senior leaders have   meaningful portions of their personal holdings invested in the stock of their   company. This is why IBM sets significant stock ownership requirements for   IBM’s Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents. Each is required to own   IBM shares or equivalents in excess of standard market practice within 5   years of hire or promotion. Stock   Ownership Requirements Ownership Requirements as a Multiple of Salary NEO Name IBM Minimum Requirement Median Peer Group Minimum Requirement V.M. Rometty 10 6 J.J. Kavanaugh 7 3–4 M.J. Schroeter 7 3–4 J.E. Kelly III 7 3–4 E. Clementi 7 3–4 Mrs. Rometty owns common stock and stock-based   holdings equal in value to 22 times her   base salary, more than 2 times the required holdings, as of December 31,   2018. More information on Mrs. Rometty’s holdings can be found in Common   Stock and Stock-Based Holdings of Directors and Executive Officers Table. As   a group, the Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents owned shares or   equivalents valued at over $107 million as of December 31, 2018; in   fact, as of that date, this group held, on average, more than 8 times their base salary. The following table illustrates which equity holdings   count towards stock ownership requirements: What Counts What Does Not Count IBM shares owned   personally or by members of the officer’s immediate family sharing the same   household Holdings in the   IBM Stock Fund of the 401(k) Plus Plan and the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan Shares of IBM   stock deferred under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan Unvested equity awards, including   PSUs, RSUs, and RRSUs Unexercised stock options Stock   Ownership Continues Beyond Retirement Finally, our programs are designed to ensure alignment   with IBM’s long-term interests past the retirement date for our Chairman and   CEO and Senior Vice Presidents. Share price performance and long-term goal   achievement continue to impact the Long-Term Incentive Plan for these retired   executives for at least two and a half years post retirement. Shares for   Mrs. Rometty that remain restricted and subject to post-retirement   performance of IBM represent 1.6 times her   share ownership requirement as of December 31, 2018, and assuming future   performance at target. Compensation   Committee Consultant The Committee enters into a consulting agreement with its   outside compensation consultant on an annual basis. In 2018, the Committee   retained Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC (Semler Brossy) as its   compensation consultant to advise the Committee on market practices and   specific IBM policies and programs. Semler Brossy reports directly to the   Compensation Committee Chairman and takes direction from the Committee. The   consultant’s work for the Committee includes data analyses, market   assessments and preparation of related reports. From time to time, the   Committee seeks the views of the consultant on items such as incentive   program design and market practices. The work done by Semler Brossy for the   Committee is documented in a formal agreement which is executed by the   consultant and the Committee. Semler Brossy does not perform any other work   for IBM, other than services provided to IBM’s Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee. The Committee determined that there is no conflict of   interest with regard to Semler Brossy. 38 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis How Compensation Decisions Are Made At   any level, compensation reflects an employee’s value to the business — market   value of skills, individual contribution and business results. To be sure we   appropriately assess the value of senior executives, IBM follows an   evaluation process, described here in some detail: 1. Making Annual Performance Commitments All   IBM employees, including the Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents,   develop goals, both qualitative and quantitative, that they seek to achieve   in a particular year in support of the business. Beginning in 2016, IBM   adopted a more nimble and real-time approach to managing employee   performance. Managers and employees update performance goals throughout the   year, consistent with overall company annual objectives. The Board of   Directors reviews and approves the Chairman and CEO’s performance goals and   formally reviews progress and outcomes. As part of this process, many factors   are considered, including an understanding of the business risks associated   with the performance goals. 2. Determining Annual Incentive Payouts Evaluation of CEO Results by the Compensation Committee The   Chair of the Compensation Committee works directly with the Committee’s   compensation consultant to provide a decision-making framework for use by the   Committee in determining annual incentive plan payouts for the Chairman and   CEO. This framework considers the Chairman and CEO’s self-assessment of   performance against commitments in the year, both qualitative and   quantitative, and also considers progress against strategic objectives, an   analysis of IBM’s total performance over the year and the overall Company   incentive score. The Committee considers all of this information in   developing its recommendations, which are then presented to the independent   members of the IBM Board of Directors for further review, discussion, and   final approval. Evaluation of SVP Results by the Chairman and CEO and the   Compensation Committee Employees   at all levels, including executives, work with their managers throughout the   year to evaluate their own results against their stated goals. The   self-assessments of the Senior Vice Presidents are reviewed by the Senior   Vice President of Human Resources (SVP HR) and the Chairman and CEO, who   evaluate the information. Following   this in-depth review and taking into account the Company incentive score, the   Chairman and CEO makes compensation recommendations to the Compensation   Committee based on an evaluation of each Senior Vice President’s performance   for the year, and the Committee decides whether to approve or adjust the   Chairman and CEO’s recommendations for the Senior Vice Presidents. The   Committee then presents the compensation decisions for the Chief Financial   Officer to the independent members of the IBM Board of Directors for   ratification. 3. Setting Competitive Target Pay Approach to Benchmarking IBM   participates in several executive compensation surveys that provide general   trend information and details on levels of salary, target annual incentives   and long-term incentives, the relative mix of short- and long-term   incentives, and mix of cash and stock-based pay. Given the battle for talent   that exists in our industry, the benchmark companies that are used by the   Compensation Committee to guide its decision making have included a broad   range of key information technology companies, to help us identify trends in   the industry. We also include companies outside our industry, with stature,   size, and complexity that approximate our own, in recognition of the flow of   executive talent in and out of IBM from other industries. The surveys and   benchmark data are supplemented by input from the Compensation Committee’s outside   consultant on factors such as recent market trends. The Committee reviews and   approves this list annually. The   Compensation Committee re-examined the benchmark group for 2018 and   determined that companies which meet the following criteria should be   included in the 2018 benchmark group: · Companies in the   technology industry with revenue that exceeds $15 billion, plus · Additional   companies (up to two per industry if available) in industries other than   technology, with revenue that exceeds $40 billion and that have a global   complexity similar to IBM. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 39 For 2018 compensation decisions, the Committee approved   the following benchmark group using the criteria above and reflecting changes   in the corporate structure of certain competitors. 2018   BENCHMARK GROUP: Accenture Caterpillar General Electric Oracle Alphabet Chevron Hewlett Packard Enterprise PepsiCo Amazon.com Cisco Systems HP Inc. Pfizer Apple DowDuPont Intel United Technologies AT&T ExxonMobil Johnson & Johnson UPS Boeing Ford Microsoft Verizon For   2019 compensation decisions, the Committee approved the same benchmark group.   The data from compensation surveys and related sources form the primary   external view of the market. In consideration of size and   complexity, IBM’s philosophy is to generally target the 50th percentile   of the market for cash and total compensation. Owing to the size and scope of   our business overall, some roles are compared to a size-adjusted market rate. Approach to Determining Individual Compensation For   individual compensation decisions, the benchmark information is used together   with an internal view of individual performance relative to other executives   and recognizing that the skills and experience of our senior executives are   highly sought after by other companies and, in particular, by IBM’s   competitors. Because factors such as performance and retention, as well as   size and complexity of the job role, are considered when compensation   decisions are made, the cash and total compensation for an individual named   executive officer may be higher or lower than the target reference point of   the relevant benchmark group. Evaluation of CEO Target Pay by the Compensation Committee The   Chair of the Compensation Committee works directly with the Committee’s   compensation consultant to provide a decision-making framework for use by the   Committee in setting target compensation opportunities for the Chairman and   CEO. The independent members of the IBM Board of Directors review and provide   final approval. Evaluation of SVP Target Pay by the Chairman and CEO and   the Compensation Committee The Chairman and CEO makes compensation recommendations on   the Senior Vice Presidents’ target compensation to the Compensation Committee.   The Committee evaluates all of the factors considered by the Chairman and CEO   and reviews compensation summaries that tally the dollar value of all   compensation and related programs, including salary, annual incentive,   long-term compensation, deferred compensation, retention payments and pension   benefits. These summaries provide the Committee with an understanding of how   their decisions affect other compensation elements and the impact that   separation of employment or retirement will have. The Committee decides   whether to approve or adjust the Chairman and CEO’s recommendations for the   Senior Vice Presidents. The Committee then presents the compensation   decisions for the Chief Financial Officer to the independent members of the   IBM Board of Directors for ratification. 40 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Section 3: Compensation Decisions   for the Chairman and CEO and Named Executive Officers 2018 Annual   Incentive Decision for the Chairman and CEO For 2018 performance, the Board approved an annual   incentive payment of $4.05 million, which represented 81% of   Mrs. Rometty’s target opportunity and was in line with the Company   incentive score. In addition to overall IBM 2018   revenue performance of $79.6 billion and pre-tax income of $11.3 billion, the   Compensation Committee noted the following achievements for   Mrs. Rometty, all of which are clear signposts of the successful   business portfolio shift. Business Results · Returned IBM to   full year revenue growth for the first time since 2011, and grew full year   operating pre-tax income*, and EPS. · Stabilized   margins, with year-to-year expansion in the second half, driven by   productivity and portfolio transformation. · Delivered full   year revenue growth and gross profit margin expansion in Services, led by   Global Business Services. However, management set for itself a standard of   consistency of performance across all markets and units which was not met. Portfolio and   Investment · Advanced IBM’s   Strategic Imperatives with revenue of about $40 billion, up 9% year to year   and representing 50% of total IBM revenue, up from 27% just 4 years ago. · Strengthened the   Company’s position as a leader in Cloud and AI for enterprise, generating   $19.2 billion in Cloud revenues with an as-a-Service exit run rate of $12.2   billion, growing 18% year to year. · Accelerated   IBM’s strategic focus on Hybrid Cloud, announcing a definitive agreement to   acquire Red Hat, as well as the divestiture of select collaboration,   marketing, and commerce software assets. Leadership in the Enterprise · Achieved #1   patent position for 26th consecutive year, with a record 9,100 patents in   2018, nearly half of which related to pioneering advancements in AI, cloud   computing, security, blockchain, and quantum computing. · Maintained global   leadership in blockchain for enterprise. Grew the blockchain footprint with   over 85 active blockchain networks, more than doubling from last year. · Advanced   leadership in quantum computing, enhancing the world’s first 50 qubit system   and commercializing the first quantum computer on the IBM Cloud, with 7   million experiments complete. Societal Impact · Announced IBM’s   Principles for Trust and Transparency, solidifying the Company’s leadership   position and establishing the market’s standard for trusted, ethical AI. · Advanced the   Pathways in Technology 6 year high school concept across 11 states and 13   countries, created an innovative education model and pipeline of over 125,000   students skilled for the digital economy. Culture and Diversity · Strengthened the   inclusive culture of IBM with the highest annual increase in executive   diversity in a decade of progress. · Achieved record   employee engagement amid record participation. 2019 Compensation Decisions for the Chairman and CEO For   2019, the independent members of the Board made no change to   Mrs. Rometty’s base salary or target annual incentive. She was granted   an annual long-term incentive award valued at $13.3 million. This grant   comprised 65% of 2019—2021 Performance Share Units and 35% of Restricted   Stock Units. For 2019, 69% of Mrs. Rometty’s annual total target   compensation is tied to performance-based incentives. *   Non-GAAP financial metric. See Appendix A for information on how we calculate   this performance metric. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 41 2018 Annual Incentive Decisions for   Mr. Kavanaugh, Mr. Schroeter, Dr. Kelly, and Mr. Clementi The Compensation Committee also made decisions for the   following named executive officers, based on overall corporate performance as   described in the Business Highlights and Executive Summary and an assessment   of their individual contributions, many of which are summarized below: James J. Kavanaugh Senior   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Generated strong   free cash flow* with 111% realization of GAAP Net Income. Returned $10.1   billion to stockholders through $4.5 billion in gross share repurchases and   $5.7 billion of dividends, which supported an increased dividend for the 23rd   consecutive year. Maintained IBM’s   strong capital structure, continued investments in AI, security, blockchain,   quantum computing and hybrid cloud including the announced Red Hat   acquisition. Drove   significant productivity savings through work redesign and the deployment of   cognitive capabilities throughout IBM. Martin J. Schroeter Senior   Vice President, Global Markets Grew IBM revenue   year-to-year. Revenues outside the U.S. grew, driven by the strength in   hybrid cloud, security, infrastructure, and consulting services, though U.S.   revenue declined for the full year. Lifted seller   capability through robust skills training and development, realizing a   substantial increase in industry expertise and thought leadership. Grew IBM Global   Financing assets again off a strong performance last year, while expanding   PTI margins and sustaining a return on equity above 30%. John E. Kelly III Senior   Vice President, Cognitive Solutions & IBM Research** Cognitive   Solutions returned to growth in 4Q but missed its full year growth objective. Achieved #1   patent position for 26th consecutive year, received a record 9,100 patents in   2018, with nearly half of the 2018 patents related to pioneering advancements   in AI, cloud computing, security, blockchain, and quantum computing. Drove portfolio   optimization with the announced divestitures of select assets in   collaboration, marketing, and commerce software. Erich Clementi Senior   Vice President** Responsible for   and drove business results for IBM’s largest global accounts throughout the   world. Positioned IBM   as the key partner for enterprises looking for cloud transformations in both   the infrastructure and applications space. Led the completion of the largest   and most visible IBM cloud implementations. Contributed to   the formulation of IBM’s Artificial Intelligence strategy, highly   differentiating IBM in its position on responsible use of data and adoption   of technology. * Non-GAAP   financial metric. See Appendix A for information on how we calculate this   performance metric. ** In January 2019,   Dr. Kelly became Executive Vice President. Mr. Clementi will retire   from the Company on March 31, 2019. 42 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Following the process outlined above   and based on business and individual performance, the Compensation Committee   approved the 2018 annual incentive payouts below for these named executive   officers: Name 2018 Annual Incentive Payouts J.J. Kavanaugh $  814,050 M.J. Schroeter 1,074,400 J.E. Kelly III 644,600 E. Clementi 733,600 Taking into consideration the actual   salary, annual incentive payout, vested restricted stock units and long-term   incentive award for the period 2016–2018, these named executive officers   earned from 86%–91% of their annual total target compensation in 2018. 2019 Compensation   Decisions for Mr. Kavanaugh, Mr. Schroeter, Dr. Kelly, and Mr. Clementi The Committee also approved the following   compensation elements for 2019: base salary, annual incentive target,   Performance Share Unit (PSU) and Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) grants under the   Long-Term Performance Plan. For Long-Term Incentive Plan grants beginning in   2016, the mix of vehicles is now set at 65% PSUs and 35% RSUs, to align   better with market practice. This mix provides competitive pay, while at the   same time ensuring a strong link between pay and performance, and creates a   better balance relative to peers with which we compete for talent. For 2019,   based on the compensation decisions detailed below at target, 63% of the   NEOs’ (excluding the Chairman and CEO) pay is at risk. 63% of the NEOs’ excluding the Chairman and CEO,   annual total target compensation is at risk 2019 Cash 2019 Long-Term Incentive Awards (1) Name Salary Rate Annual Incentive Target Performance Share Units Restricted Stock Units J.J.   Kavanaugh (2) $830,000 $1,120,000 $3,770,000 $2,030,000 M.J.   Schroeter 936,000 1,264,000 6,045,000 3,255,000 J.E.   Kelly III 868,000 1,172,000 3,900,000 2,100,000 E.   Clementi 777,000 1,048,000 N/A N/A (1) PSUs and RSUs will be granted, if applicable,   on June 7, 2019 to the named executive officers, including the Chairman   and CEO. The actual number of units granted on this date will be determined   by dividing the value shown above by the average of IBM’s closing stock price   for the 30 active trading days prior to the date of grant. The performance   period for the PSUs ends December 31, 2021, and the award will pay out   in February 2022. The restricted stock units will vest 25% per year on   each anniversary of the date of grant. Mr. Clementi did not receive an   equity grant, as he will retire from the Company on March 31, 2019. (2) For Mr. Kavanaugh, his 2019 salary rate   will be effective July 1, 2019 and the 2019 annual incentive target was   effective January 1, 2019 per our standard process. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement    | 2018   Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Section 4:   Additional Information Compensation Program as it Relates to Risk IBM management, the Compensation   Committee and the Committee’s outside consultant review IBM’s compensation   policies and practices, with a focus on incentive programs, to ensure that   they do not encourage excessive risk taking. This review includes the cash   incentive programs and the long-term incentive plans that cover all   executives and employees. Based on this comprehensive review, we concluded   that our compensation program does not encourage excessive risk taking for   the following reasons: · Our   programs appropriately balance short- and long-term incentives, with   approximately 73% of 2019 annual total target compensation for the Chairman   and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents as a group provided in equity. · Our   executive compensation program pays for performance against financial targets   that are set to be challenging to motivate a high degree of business   performance, with an emphasis on longer-term financial success and prudent   risk management. · Our   incentive plans include a profit metric as a significant component of   performance to promote disciplined progress toward financial goals. None of   IBM’s incentive plans are based solely on signings or revenue targets, which   mitigates the risk of employees focusing exclusively on the short term. · Qualitative   factors beyond the quantitative financial metrics are a key consideration in   the determination of individual executive compensation payments. How our   executives achieve their financial results, integrate across lines of   business and demonstrate leadership consistent with IBM values are key to   individual compensation decisions. · As   explained in the 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative, we   further strengthened our retirement policies on equity grants for our senior   leaders beginning in 2009 to ensure that the long-term interests of IBM   continue to be the focus even as these executives approach retirement. · Our   stock ownership guidelines require that the Chairman and CEO and each Senior   Vice President hold a significant amount of IBM equity to further align their   interests with stockholders over the long term. · IBM   has a policy that requires a clawback of cash incentive payments in the event   that an executive officer’s conduct leads to a restatement of IBM’s financial   results. Likewise, IBM’s equity plan has a clawback provision which   states that awards may be cancelled and certain gains repaid if an employee   engages in activity that is detrimental to IBM. To further reinforce our   commitment to ethical conduct, the IBM Excess 401(k) Plus Plan allows   the clawback of certain IBM contributions if a participant engages in   activity that is detrimental to IBM. We are confident that our   compensation program is aligned with the interests of our stockholders,   rewards for performance and represents strong executive compensation   governance practices. Equity Award Practices Under IBM’s long-standing practices   and policies, all equity awards are approved before or on the date of grant.   The exercise price of at-the-money stock options is the average of the high   and low market price on the date of grant or, in the case of premium-priced   stock options, for example, 10% above that average, or as specified by the   Compensation Committee. The approval process specifies the   individual receiving the grant, the number of units or the value of the   award, the exercise price or formula for determining the exercise price, and   the date of grant. In the case of planned grant value, the number of shares   granted are determined by dividing the planned value by the average of IBM’s   closing stock price for the 30 active trading days prior to the date of   grant. As with all compensation decisions,   the independent members of the Board approve all equity awards for the   Chairman and CEO and ratify all equity awards for the Chief Financial   Officer. In addition, all equity awards for Senior Vice Presidents are   approved by the Compensation Committee. All equity awards for employees other   than the Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents are approved by the   Chairman and CEO and Senior Vice Presidents pursuant to a series of   delegations that were approved by the Compensation Committee, and the grants   made pursuant to these delegations are reviewed periodically with the   Committee. Equity awards granted as part of   annual total compensation for senior leaders and other employees are made on   specific cycle dates scheduled in advance. IBM’s policy for new hires and   promotions requires approval of any awards before or on the grant date, which   is typically the date of the promotion or hire. IBM does not have any plans, programs   or agreements that would provide any payments to any of the named executive   officers upon a change in control of IBM, a change in the named executive   officer’s responsibilities or a constructive termination of the named   executive officer. Ethical Conduct Every executive is held accountable   to comply with IBM’s high ethical standards: IBM’s Values, including “Trust   and Personal Responsibility in all Relationships,” and IBM’s Business Conduct   Guidelines. This responsibility is reflected in each executive’s performance   goals, and is reinforced through each executive’s annual certification to the   IBM Business Conduct Guidelines. 44 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis An   executive’s compensation, including annual cash incentive payments, is tied   to compliance with these standards; compliance is also a condition of IBM   employment for each executive. IBM’s   equity plans and agreements have a clawback provision — awards may be   cancelled and certain gains repaid if an employee engages in activity that is   detrimental to IBM, such as violating IBM’s Business Conduct Guidelines,   disclosing confidential information or performing services for a competitor.   To further reinforce our commitment to ethical conduct, the Excess 401(k) Plus   Plan allows the clawback of certain IBM contributions if a participant   engages in activity that is detrimental to IBM. In   addition, approximately 2,000 of our key executives (including each of the   named executive officers) have agreed to a noncompetition, nonsolicitation   agreement that prevents them from working for certain competitors within 12   months of leaving IBM or soliciting employees within two years of leaving   IBM. The   Committee has also implemented the following policy for the clawback of cash   incentive payments in the event an executive officer’s conduct leads to a   restatement of IBM’s financial results: To   the extent permitted by governing law, IBM will seek to recoup any bonus   or incentive paid to any executive officer if: (i) the amount of such payment   was based on the achievement of certain financial results that were   subsequently the subject of a restatement; (ii) the Board determines   that such officer engaged in misconduct that resulted in the obligation to   restate, and (iii) a lower payment would have been made to the officer   based upon the restated financial results. Hedging and Pledging Practices IBM   has two senior leadership teams: the Performance Team and the Acceleration   Team, formerly the Growth and Transformation Team. The Performance Team   consists of approximately 60 of our senior leaders who run IBM business units   and geographies and includes the Chairman and CEO and each Senior Vice   President. The team is accountable for business performance and the development   of cross-unit strategies. The Acceleration Team, which includes all members   of the Performance Team, consists of a select group of approximately 330   executives. This team is charged with accelerating IBM’s growth through   leadership initiatives to engage their teams and promote innovation, speed,   and simplicity in service of our clients. IBM   does not allow any member of the IBM Board of Directors or any member of the   Acceleration Team, including any named executive officer, to hedge the   economic risk of their ownership of IBM securities, which includes entering   into any derivative transaction on IBM stock (e.g., any short-sale, forward,   option, collar). Further, IBM does not allow any member of the IBM Board   of Directors or any member of the Acceleration Team to pledge IBM securities   at any time, which includes having IBM stock in a margin account or using IBM   stock as collateral for a loan. Tax Considerations Section 162(m) of   the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, limits deductibility of   compensation in excess of $1 million paid to IBM’s covered employees. Until   the Tax Cut and Jobs Act was signed into law on December 22, 2017,   performance-based compensation was deductible, even if it caused the covered   employee to have compensation in excess of $1 million. The Tax Cut and Jobs   Act eliminated this performance-based compensation deduction going forward,   but provided limited transition relief for compensation paid pursuant to a   contract in effect as of November 2, 2017 that is not materially modified   after such date. This means that certain outstanding performance-based   compensation may continue to be deductible under Section 162(m), but   that all compensation after November 2, 2017, will be subject to the $1   million cap on deductibility. IBM will seek deductions for compensation under   the transition relief consistent with applicable law. The Tax Cut and Jobs   Act also expanded who a covered employee is under Section 162(m).   Effective for 2017, a covered employee under Section 162(m) is the   CEO, the CFO (who previously was not included) and each of the other three   highest-paid executive officers. Based   on applicable tax regulations in effect prior to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act,   for the performance-based compensation exception, taxable compensation derived   from certain stock appreciation rights and from the exercise of stock options   by Senior Vice Presidents under IBM’s Long-Term Performance Plans should   qualify as performance-based. In 1999, IBM’s stockholders approved the   terms under which IBM’s annual and long-term performance incentive awards   should qualify as performance-based. In 2014, as required by the Internal   Revenue Code, the stockholders approved the material terms of the performance   criteria under which long-term performance incentive awards should qualify as   performance-based. As certain outstanding performance-based compensation may   continue to be deductible under Section 162(m), in this Proxy Statement,   stockholders are being asked again to approve the material terms of the   performance criteria for the long-term performance incentive awards. These   terms did not preclude the Committee from making any payments or granting any   awards, whether or not such payments or awards qualify for tax deductibility   under Section 162(m), which may have been appropriate to retain and   motivate key executives. Although   this tax deduction for performance-based compensation has been eliminated for   awards after November 2, 2017, IBM continues to believe that a   strong link between pay and performance is critical to align executive and   shareholder interests. IBM and the Committee will continue to ensure that a   significant portion of pay for our Senior Vice Presidents, including the   Chairman and CEO, is at risk and subject to the attainment of performance   goals. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 45 2018 Summary   Compensation Table and Related Narrative Salary (Column (c)) Amounts   shown in the salary column reflect the salary amount paid to each named   executive officer during 2018. · IBM reviews salaries for each named   executive officer annually during a common review cycle. Mrs. Rometty   has not received a salary increase in the years shown. 2018 salary increases   for the other named executive officers, if applicable, took effect on   July 1, 2018. Bonus (Column (d)) No   bonuses were awarded to the named executive officers in the years shown in   the 2018 Summary Compensation Table. Payments under the IBM Annual Incentive   Program are included under column (g) (Non-Equity Incentive Plan   Compensation). Stock Awards (Column (e)) The   amounts shown are the aggregate grant date fair values of Performance Share   Units (PSUs) and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted in each fiscal year   shown, computed in accordance with accounting guidance (excluding any risk of   forfeiture as per SEC regulations). The values shown for the PSUs are   calculated at the Target number, as described below. The values shown for the   PSUs and RSUs reflect an adjustment for the exclusion of dividend   equivalents. Performance Share Units (PSUs) The   following describes the material terms and conditions of PSUs as reported in   the column titled Stock Awards (column (e)) in the 2018 Summary Compensation   Table and in the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table under the heading   Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (columns (f),   (g) and (h)). General Terms · One PSU is equivalent in value to one share   of IBM common stock. · Executive officers are awarded a number of   PSUs during the first year of the three-year performance period. PSUs are   generally paid out in IBM common stock after the three-year performance   period. · Performance targets are set at the   beginning of the three-year performance period and approved by the   Compensation Committee (for example, targets for the 2016–2018 performance   period were set for cumulative three-year attainment in operating earnings   per share and free cash flow in the beginning of 2016). · At the end of the three-year performance   period, the Compensation Committee approves the determination of actual   performance relative to pre-established targets, and the number of PSUs is   adjusted up or down based on the approved actual performance. Beginning with   the 2018–2020 performance period, the number of PSUs that pay out may be   modified further based on IBM’s ROIC performance relative to broader market   indices. For more information about this ROIC modifier, please refer to the   description of our Performance Share   Unit Program in Section 1 of the 2018 Compensation Discussion and   Analysis. · PSUs granted to U.S. executives vest on   December 31 of the end of the performance period. Payout for all PSUs is   in the February following the end of the performance period. · There are no dividends or dividend   equivalents paid on PSUs. Vesting and Payout Calculations · The performance period for the awards   granted in 2018 is January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2020, and   the awards will pay out in February 2021. PSU awards granted in 2018   will be adjusted for performance, as described below. · Outstanding PSUs are typically cancelled if   the executive’s employment is terminated. See the 2018 Potential Payments   Upon Termination Narrative for information on payout of unvested PSUs upon   certain terminations. · Payout will not be made for performance   below the thresholds, as described below. · See Section 1 of the 2018 Compensation   Discussion and Analysis for information on performance targets for the PSU   program. Threshold Number (listed in   column (f) of the 2018 Grants of Plan Based Awards Table): –   The Threshold   number of PSUs is 25% of the Target number. –   The Threshold   number of PSUs will be earned for achievement of 70% of both business   objectives (operating earnings per share and free cash flow). –   If only the   cumulative operating earnings per share target is met at the Threshold level   (and the free cash flow target is not met), the number of PSUs earned would   be 70% of the Threshold number. –   If only the   cumulative free cash flow target is met at the Threshold level (and the   operating earnings per share target is not met), the number of PSUs earned   would be 30% of the Threshold number. Target Number (listed in column   (g) of the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table): –   The Target number   of PSUs will be earned if 100% of the objectives are achieved. Maximum Number (listed in column   (h) of the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table): –   The Maximum number   of PSUs is 150% of the Target number. –   The Maximum   number of PSUs will be earned for achieving 120% of both business objectives. Note: The relative ROIC modifier   may modify the payout up or down by up to 20 points, based on IBM’s ROIC   performance relative to broader market indices. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) RSUs   may include RRSUs. In 2018, RSUs, but not RRSUs, were granted to all named   executive officers. RRSUs granted in 46 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting   & Proxy Statement    | 2018 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative previous   years to any named executive officer and outstanding at the end of 2018 are   included in the 2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table. General Terms · One RSU or RRSU is equivalent in   value to one share of IBM common stock. RSUs and RRSUs are generally paid out   in IBM common stock at vesting. · Dividend equivalents are not paid on   RSUs or RRSUs granted on or after January 1, 2008. Vesting and Payout · RSUs typically fully vest in four   years, with 25% vesting each year. · RRSUs typically fully vest in a two   to five year period. These awards are typically given to select senior   executives for the purpose of providing additional value to retain the   executive through the vesting date. · Payout of RSUs and RRSUs at each   vesting date is typically contingent on the recipient remaining employed by   IBM through that vesting date. See the 2018 Potential Payments Upon   Termination Narrative for information on payout of unvested RSUs upon certain   terminations. · All deferred shares, comprised of   shares that were deferred by the participant (Deferred IBM Shares), in the   2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table may include certain   previously-granted RRSUs. Executives have not been allowed to defer payment   of RSUs. Option Awards (Column (f)) There   were no option awards granted to the named executive officers in the years   shown in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table, except for Mrs. Rometty.   On January 26, 2016, Mrs. Rometty was granted a one-time award of   1.5 million nonqualified stock options that vest three years from the date of   grant, is exercisable in four equal tranches at premium prices of 105%, 110%,   115% and 125% of the average of the high and low prices of IBM common stock   on the date of grant, and expires 10 years from the date of grant. Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (Column (g)) Amounts   in this column represent payments under IBM’s Annual Incentive Program (AIP). General Terms · All named executive officers   participate in this program. The performance period is the fiscal year   (January 1 through December 31). · See Section 1 of the 2018   Compensation Discussion and Analysis for information on performance targets   for AIP. Payout Range · Mrs. Rometty had a target of $5   million for 2018. The other named executive officers had targets of 135% of   their salary rate for 2018. See column (d) of the 2018 Grants of   Plan-Based Awards Table for the target payout. · Threshold payout for each named   executive officer is $0 (see column (c) of the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based   Awards Table). · Maximum payout for each named   executive officer is three times the target (see column (e) of the 2018   Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table). Beginning in 2018, maximum payout   opportunity for only the Chairman and CEO was reduced to two times the   target. Vesting and Payout · In addition to performance against   corporate-wide and business unit goals, which determine the funding pool for   the year, individual performance against commitments set at the beginning of   the year determine payout amounts. · An executive generally must be   employed by IBM at the end of the performance period in order to be eligible   to receive an AIP payout. At the discretion of appropriate senior management,   the Compensation Committee, or the Board, an executive may receive a prorated   payout of AIP upon retirement. · AIP payouts earned during the   performance period are paid on or before March 15 of the year following   the end of such period. Change in Retention Plan Value (Column (h)) · For Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh   and Dr. Kelly, amounts in the column titled Change in Retention Plan   Value represent the annual change in Retention Plan Value from   December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018. Messrs. Schroeter and   Clementi do not have a benefit under the Retention Plan. · See the 2018 Retention Plan Narrative   for a description of the Retention Plan. Change in Pension Value (Column (h)) · Amounts in the column titled Change   in Pension Value represent the annual change in Pension Value from   December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 for each eligible named   executive officer. · See the 2018 Pension Benefits   Narrative for a description of the applicable defined benefit pension plan.   Mr. Clementi does not have a benefit under any IBM defined benefit   pension plan. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (Column (h)) · IBM does not pay above-market or   preferential earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation. · See the 2018 Nonqualified Deferred   Compensation Narrative for a description of the nonqualified deferred   compensation plans in which the named executive officers participate. All Other Compensation (Column (i)) Amounts   in this column represent the following as applicable: Tax Reimbursements · Amounts represent payments that IBM   has made to the named executive officers to cover taxes incurred by them for   certain business-related taxable expenses. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative 47 · These expenses for a named executive   officer may include: tax equalization payments related to international   assignments, cost of family travel to and attendance at business-related   events, business-related local lodging and incidental expenses, and   business-related ground transportation expenses (see Ground Transportation   below). IBM Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans · Amounts represent IBM matching and   automatic contributions to the individual accounts for each named executive   officer. · Under IBM’s 401(k) Plus Plan,   participants hired or rehired by IBM U.S. before January 1, 2005,   including Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly, are   eligible to receive matching contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation.   Participants hired or rehired by IBM U.S. on or after January 1, 2005,   including Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi, who complete the plan’s   service requirement, are generally eligible for up to 5% matching   contributions. A participant’s hire/rehire date is measured by a   participant’s most recent U.S. hire date. Mr. Schroeter rejoined IBM   U.S. in 2011 after working for IBM Australia from April 1, 2005 to June 30,   2011. Mr. Clementi joined IBM U.S. in 2009 after working for IBM Italy   since 1984. In addition, for all eligible participants, IBM makes   automatic contributions equal to a certain percentage of eligible   compensation, which generally depends on the participant’s pension plan   eligibility on December 31, 2007. In 2018, the automatic contribution   percentage was 4% for Mrs. Rometty; 2% for Mr. Kavanaugh and   Dr. Kelly; and 1% for Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi. · Under IBM’s Excess 401(k) Plus   Plan, IBM makes matching contributions equal to a percentage of the sum   of (i) the amount the participant elects to defer under the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan, and (ii) the participant’s eligible compensation   after reaching the Internal Revenue Code compensation limits. Participants hired   or rehired by IBM U.S. before January 1, 2005, including   Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly, are eligible to   receive matching contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation.   Participants hired or rehired by IBM U.S. on or after January 1, 2005,   including Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi, who complete the plan’s   service requirement, are eligible for up to 5% matching contributions. In   addition, for all eligible participants, IBM makes automatic   contributions equal to a percentage of the sum of (i) the amount the   participant elects to defer under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan, and   (ii) the participant’s eligible compensation after reaching the Internal   Revenue Code compensation limits. The automatic contribution percentage   generally depends on the participant’s pension plan eligibility on   December 31, 2007, and in 2018, the automatic contribution percentage   was 4% for Mrs. Rometty; 2% for Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly;   and 1% for Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi. · For purposes of calculating the   matching contribution and the automatic contribution under the   401(k) Plus Plan, the participant’s eligible compensation excludes the   amount the participant elects to defer under the Excess 401(k) Plus   Plan. · See the 2018 Nonqualified Deferred   Compensation Narrative for additional details on the nonqualified deferred   compensation plans. Life and Travel Accident Insurance Premiums · Amounts represent insurance premiums   paid by IBM on behalf of the named executive officers. · These executive officers are covered by   life insurance policies under the same terms as other U.S. full-time regular   employees. · Life insurance for executives hired   or rehired by IBM U.S. before January 1, 2004, including   Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly, is two times salary   plus annual incentive program target, with a maximum coverage amount of   $2,000,000. Life insurance for executives hired or rehired by IBM U.S. on or   after January 1, 2004, including Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi, is   one times salary plus annual incentive program target, with a maximum   coverage of $1,000,000. · In addition, IBM provides Travel   Accident Insurance for most employees in connection with business travel.   Travel Accident Insurance for all eligible employees and executives is up to   five times salary plus annual incentive target with a maximum coverage amount   of $15,000,000. Perquisites The   following describes perquisites (and their aggregate incremental cost   calculations) provided to the named executive officers in 2018. Personal Financial Planning In   2018, IBM offered financial planning services with coverage generally up   to $15,000 annually for senior U.S. executives, including each named   executive officer. Personal Travel on Company Aircraft General Information · Amounts represent the aggregate   incremental cost to IBM for travel not directly related to IBM business. · IBM’s security practices provide that   all air travel by the Chairman and CEO, including personal travel, be on   Company aircraft. The aggregate incremental cost for Mrs. Rometty’s   personal travel is included in column (i) of the 2018 Summary   Compensation Table. These amounts also include the aggregate incremental   cost, if any, of travel by her family members or other guests on both   business and non-business occasions. · Additionally, personal travel or   commutation in 2018 on Company aircraft by named executive officers other   than Mrs. Rometty, and the aggregate incremental cost, if any, of travel   by the officer’s family or other guests when accompanying the officer on both   business and non-business occasions is also included. · Also, from time to time, named   executive officers who are members of the boards of directors of certain   other companies and non-profit organizations travel on Company aircraft to   those outside board meetings. These amounts may include travel related to   participation on these outside boards. · Any aircraft travel by named   executive officers for an annual executive physical under the corporate   wellness program is included in these amounts. 48 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative Aggregate Incremental Cost   Calculation · The aggregate incremental cost for   the use of Company aircraft for personal travel, including travel to outside   boards, is calculated by multiplying the hourly variable maintenance cost   rate for the specific aircraft by the number of flight hours used, plus the   actual costs for fuel, parking, landing fees, crew expenses and catering. · The maintenance rate for each   aircraft is periodically reviewed by IBM’s flight operations team and   adjusted as necessary to reflect changes in costs. · The aggregate incremental cost   includes deadhead flights (i.e., empty flights to and from the IBM hangar or   any other location). · The aggregate incremental cost for   any charter flights is the full cost to IBM of the charter. Ground Transportation General Information · IBM’s security practices provide that   the Chairman and CEO be driven to and from work by IBM personnel in a car   leased by IBM or by an authorized car service. · In addition, under IBM’s security   practices, the Chairman and CEO may use a Company-leased car with an IBM   driver or an authorized car service for non-business occasions. Further, the   family of the Chairman and CEO may use a Company-leased car with an IBM   driver or an authorized car service on non-business occasions or when   accompanying the Chairman and CEO on business occasions. · Other named executive officers may   use a Company-leased car with an IBM driver or an authorized car service for   business-related transportation, travel to outside board meetings, and an   annual executive physical under IBM’s corporate wellness program. Family   members and other guests may accompany named executive officers other than   the Chairman and CEO in a Company-leased car with an IBM driver or an   authorized car service on these occasions. · Amounts reflect the aggregate   incremental cost, if any, for the above-referenced items. Aggregate Incremental Cost   Calculation · The incremental cost for the   Company-leased car with an IBM driver or an authorized car service for   commutation and non-business events is calculated by multiplying the variable   rate by the applicable driving time. The variable rate includes a driver’s   salary and overtime payments, plus a cost per mile calculation based on fuel   and maintenance expense. · The incremental cost for an   authorized car service is the full cost to IBM for such service. Personal Security General Information · Under IBM’s security   practices, IBM provides security personnel for the Chairman and CEO on   certain non-business occasions and for the family of the Chairman and CEO on   certain non-business occasions or when accompanying her on business   occasions. · Amounts include the aggregate   incremental cost, if any, of security personnel for those occasions. · In addition, amounts also include the   cost of home security systems and monitoring for the Chairman and CEO and any   other named executive officers, if applicable. Aggregate Incremental Cost   Calculation · The aggregate incremental cost for   security personnel is the cost of any commercial airfare to and from the   destination, hotels, meals, car services, and salary and travel expenses of   any additional subcontracted personnel if needed. · The aggregate incremental cost for   installation, maintenance, and monitoring services for home security systems   reflects the full cost to IBM for these items. Annual Executive Physical · IBM covers the cost of an annual   executive physical for the named executive officers under IBM’s corporate   wellness program. · Amounts represent any payments by IBM   for the named executive officers under this program, if applicable. Family Travel and Attendance at Business-Related Events · Business-related events attended by   the named executive officers and their family members may include meetings,   dinners, and receptions with IBM’s clients, executive management or board   members. · Amounts represent the aggregate   incremental cost, if any, of travel and/or meals and entertainment for the   family members of the named executive officers to attend business-related   events. Other Personal Expenses · Amounts represent the cost of meals   and lodging for the named executive officers who traveled for their annual   executive physical under IBM’s corporate wellness program. · Amounts also include expenses   associated with participation on outside boards other than those disclosed as   Personal Travel on Company Aircraft and Ground Transportation. · Amounts also include items relating   to business events and administrative charges incurred by executives. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative 49 2018   SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Nonqualified Principal Non- Equity Change in Change in Deferred Position Stock Option Incentive Plan Retention Pension Compensation All Other (a) Salary Bonus Awards (1) Awards (2) Compensation Plan Value (3) Value (4) Earnings (5) Compensation (6)(7) Total (8) Year ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (h) (h) (i) (j) V.M. Rometty, Chairman, President and CEO 2018 $1,600,000 $0 $10,801,392 $0 $4,050,000 $          0 $           0 $0 $1,100,826 $17,552,218 2017 1,600,000 0 10,428,720 0 5,100,000 79,951 494,882 0 891,797 18,595,350 2016 1,600,000 0 12,822,238 12,094,414 4,950,000 87,660 300,605 0 840,782 32,695,699 J.J. Kavanaugh, Senior VP and CFO (9) 2018 $   713,000 $0 $  4,263,851 $0 $814,050 $          0 $  23,343 $0 $     82,901 $  5,897,145 2017 649,000 0 3,136,575 0 919,000 11,766 33,651 0 119,808 4,869,800 M.J. Schroeter, Senior VP, IBM Global Markets 2018 $   905,000 $0 $  4,872,751 $0 $1,074,400 N/A $    7,702 $0 $   170,549 $  7,030,402 2017 828,500 0 4,312,687 0 1,181,000 N/A 11,436 0 138,538 6,472,162 2016 754,000 0 4,820,379 0 1,046,430 N/A 6,227 0 173,159 6,800,195 J.E. Kelly III, Executive Vice President (10) 2018 $   860,000 $0 $  4,629,243 $0 $644,600 $          0 $  55,273 $0 $   226,336 $  6,415,452 2017 830,500 0 4,312,687 0 861,000 127,911 70,056 0 240,339 6,442,493 2016 754,500 0 5,302,514 0 927,350 0 66,423 0 240,583 7,291,370 E. Clementi, Senior Vice President (11) 2018 $   777,000 $0 $  4,466,817 $0 $733,600 N/A N/A $0 $   197,037 $  6,174,454 2017 754,500 0 4,312,687 0 869,840 N/A N/A 0 227,742 6,164,769 2016 703,500 0 5,302,514 0 889,200 N/A N/A 0 144,440 7,039,654 Note: For assumptions used in determining the   fair value of stock and option awards, see Note S (Stock-Based Compensation)   to IBM’s 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements. (1) Amounts   in this column reflect the total Performance Share Units (PSUs), Restricted   Stock Units (RSUs), and Retention Restricted Stock Units (RRSUs). RRSUs were   not awarded in 2016, 2017 or 2018. Amounts   include the aggregate grant date fair values of PSUs at the Target number   (described in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table Narrative), calculated in   accordance with accounting guidance; these amounts reflect an adjustment for   the exclusion of dividend equivalents. At the Maximum number, these values   for Mrs. Rometty would be: 2018: $10,531,377; 2017: $10,168,002; 2016:   $12,501,699; for Mr. Kavanaugh: 2018: $4,157,300; 2017: $3,058,222; for   Mr. Schroeter: 2018: $4,750,996; 2017: $4,204,970; 2016: $4,699,880; for   Dr. Kelly: 2018: $4,513,596; 2017: $4,204,970; 2016: $5,169,993; for   Mr. Clementi: 2018: $4,355,069; 2017: $4,204,970; 2016: $5,169,993. Amounts   also include the aggregate grant date fair values of RSUs and RRSUs granted   to Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh, Mr. Schroeter, Dr. Kelly   and Mr. Clementi, if applicable, calculated in accordance with   accounting guidance; these amounts reflect an adjustment for the exclusion of   dividend equivalents. (2) There   were no option awards granted to any of the named executive officers in the   years shown in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table, except for   Mrs. Rometty. In 2016, Mrs. Rometty was granted a one-time award of   1.5 million nonqualified stock options that vest three years from the date of   grant, are exercisable in four equal tranches at premium prices of 105%,   110%, 115%, and 125% of the average of the high and low prices of IBM common   stock on the date of grant. (3) Assumptions   can be found immediately after the 2018 Retention Plan Table. Although   accruals under the Retention Plan stopped on December 31, 2007, changes   in Retention Plan Value can occur based on changes to participants’ ages and   actuarial assumptions. For 2016, 2017, and 2018, Change in Retention Plan   Value for the eligible named executive officers was due to their age, changes   in the discount rate, interest crediting rate, and mortality table. The   change in Retention Plan Value for the eligible named executive officers   resulted in negative amounts in 2018 for Mrs. Rometty $(199,118),   Mr. Kavanaugh $(53,853) and Dr. Kelly $(909,446), and negative   amounts in 2016 for Dr. Kelly $(7,649). (4) Assumptions   can be found immediately after the 2018 Pension Benefits Table. Although   accruals under the IBM Personal Pension Plan stopped on December 31,   2007, changes in Pension Value can occur based on changes to participants’   ages and actuarial assumptions. For 2016, 2017, and 2018, Change in Pension   Value for the named executive officers was due to their age, changes in the   discount rate, interest crediting rate, and mortality table. For 2018, the   change in Pension Value for the named executive officers resulted in the   following negative amount for Mrs. Rometty $(349,181). (5) IBM   does not provide above-market or preferential earnings on deferred   compensation. See the 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative for   information about deferred compensation. (6) Amounts   in this column include the following for 2018: Mrs. Rometty: tax   reimbursements of $24,528 and IBM contributions to defined contribution plans   of $670,000; for Mr. Kavanaugh: IBM contributions to defined contribution   plans of $49,140; for Mr. Schroeter: tax reimbursements of $10,610 and   contributions to defined contribution plans of $125,160; for Dr. Kelly:   IBM contributions to defined contribution plans of $137,680; and for   Mr. Clementi: IBM contributions to defined contribution plans of   $98,810. (7) Amounts   in this column also include the following perquisites for 2018: for   Mrs. Rometty: personal financial planning, personal travel on Company   aircraft of $364,643, ground transportation, personal security, annual   executive physical, family attendance at business-related events, and other   personal expenses; for Mr. Kavanaugh: personal travel on Company   aircraft, ground transportation, annual executive physical, family attendance   at business-related events, and other personal expenses; for   Mr. Schroeter: personal financial planning, personal security, annual   executive physical, family attendance at business-related events, and other   personal expenses; for Dr. Kelly: personal financial planning, personal   travel on Company aircraft of $66,549, ground transportation, personal   security, family attendance at business-related events, and other personal   expenses; for Mr. Clementi: personal financial planning, personal travel   on Company aircraft of $50,055, ground transportation, annual executive   physical, family attendance at business-related events, and other personal   expenses. See the 2018 Summary Compensation Table Narrative for a description   and information about the aggregate incremental cost calculations for perquisites. (8) Amounts   in this column reflect the total of the following columns: Salary, Bonus,   Stock Awards, Option Awards, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, Change   in Retention Plan Value, Change in Pension Value, Nonqualified Deferred   Compensation Earnings and All Other Compensation. (9) Mr. Kavanaugh   was not a named executive officer in IBM’s 2017 Proxy Statement; therefore,   this table does not provide 2016 data for him. (10) Effective   January 1, 2019, Dr. Kelly became Executive Vice President. (11) Mr. Clementi   will retire from the Company on March 31, 2019. 50 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Summary Compensation Table 2018   GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE Name (a) Compensation Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Exercise or Base Price of Closing Price on the Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Type of Award (1) Grant Date (b) Committee Approval Date Threshold ($) (c) Target ($) (d) Maximum ($) (e) Threshold (#) (f) Target (#) (g) Maximum (#) (h) of Stock or Units (3) (#) (i) Underlying Options (#) (j) Option Awards ($/Sh) (k) NYSE on the Date of Grant ($/Sh) Option Awards (4) ($) (l) V.M. Rometty AIP N/A 01/30/2018 0 5,000,000 10,000,000 PSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 13,508 54,032 81,048 7,020,918 RSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 29,094 3,780,474 J.J. Kavanaugh AIP N/A 01/30/2018 0 1,005,000 3,015,000 PSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 5,332 21,329 31,994 2,771,490 RSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 11,485 1,492,361 M.J. Schroeter AIP N/A 01/30/2018 0 1,264,000 3,792,000 PSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 6,094 24,375 36,563 3,167,288 RSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 13,125 1,705,463 J.E. Kelly III AIP N/A 01/30/2018 0 1,172,000 3,516,000 PSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 5,789 23,157 34,736 3,009,021 RSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 12,469 1,620,222 E. Clementi AIP N/A 01/30/2018 0 1,048,000 3,144,000 PSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 5,586 22,344 33,516 2,903,379 RSU 06/08/2018 01/30/2018 12,032 1,563,438 (1)  Type   of Award: AIP = Annual Incentive Program PSU = Performance Share Unit RSU = Restricted Stock Unit Each of these awards was granted   under IBM’s 1999 Long-Term Performance Plan. See the 2018 Summary   Compensation Table Narrative for additional information on these types of   awards. (2)  PSU   awards will be adjusted based on performance and paid in February 2021. (3)  RSU   awards vest 25% on June 8, 2019, June 8, 2020, June 8, 2021,   and June 8, 2022, provided that in each case, the named executive   officer is an employee of IBM as of those dates unless they meet certain   requirements to be eligible for continued vesting (see 2018 Potential   Payments Upon Termination Narrative for a description of these eligibility   requirements). (4)  The   amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair values of PSU   and RSU awards calculated in accordance with accounting guidance. The values   shown for the PSU awards are based on the Target number, as described in the   2018 Summary Compensation Table Narrative. The values shown for the PSUs and   RSUs reflect an adjustment for the exclusion of dividend equivalents. 2019 Notice of   Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards   Table 51 2018 Outstanding Equity   Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table and Related Narrative Option Awards (Columns   (b)–(f)) General Terms · In   accordance with IBM’s Long-Term Performance Plan (LTPP), the exercise price   of stock options is not less than the average of the high and low prices of   IBM common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on the date of grant. · Options   generally expire ten years after the date of grant. · The   option recipient must remain employed by IBM through each vesting date in   order to receive any potential payout value. · IBM   has not granted any option awards that are Equity Incentive Plan Awards. Premium-priced options – Historically,   the exercise price has been equal to 110% of the average of the high and low   prices of IBM common stock on the NYSE on the date of grant and these options   vested in four equal increments on the first four anniversaries of the grant   date. – The   one-time premium-priced award granted to Mrs. Rometty on   January 26, 2016 is exercisable in four equal tranches at premium prices   of 105%, 110%, 115% and 125% of the average of the high and low prices of IBM   common stock on the NYSE on the date of grant and will vest three years from   the date of grant and expires 10 years from the date of grant. Stock Awards (Columns   (g)–(j)) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (Column   (g)) The   amounts in this column are the number of RSUs and RRSUs that were outstanding   as of December 31, 2018. Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not   Vested (Column (h)) The   amounts in this column are the value of RSU and RRSU awards disclosed in   column (g), calculated by multiplying the number of units by the closing   price of IBM stock on the last business day of the 2018 fiscal year   ($113.67). Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares,   Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (Column   (i)) The   amounts in this column are the number of PSUs that were outstanding as of   December 31, 2018. Performance Share Units · Amounts   in column (i) reflect the Target number for each PSU award. · The   performance criteria for IBM’s PSU program is based on cumulative three-year   rolling targets. Therefore, measuring annual performance against these   targets is not meaningful. · See   Section 1 of the 2018 Compensation Discussion and Analysis, as well as   the 2018 Summary Compensation Table Narrative, for a detailed description of   the PSU program, including payout calculations. · The   table below provides the payout levels for all outstanding PSU awards for   each of the named executive officers. 2018 OUTSTANDING PSU AWARD PAYOUT LEVELS Name Grant Date Threshold Target Maximum V.M. Rometty 06/08/2017 12,350 49,400 74,100 06/08/2018 13,508 54,032 81,048 J.J. Kavanaugh 06/08/2017 3,715 14,858 22,287 06/08/2018 5,332 21,329 31,994 M.J. Schroeter 06/08/2017 5,107 20,429 30,644 06/08/2018 6,094 24,375 36,563 J.E. Kelly III 06/08/2017 5,107 20,429 30,644 06/08/2018 5,789 23,157 34,736 E. Clementi 06/08/2017 5,107 20,429 30,644 06/08/2018 5,586 22,344 33,516 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of   Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (Column   (j)) The   amounts in this column are the values of PSU awards disclosed in column (i),   calculated by multiplying the number of units by the closing price of IBM   stock on the last business day of the 2018 fiscal year ($113.67). 52 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table   and Related Narrative 2018 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END TABLE Option Awards Stock Awards Name (a) Grant Date Number   of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) Option Exercise Price ($) (e) (1) Option Expiration Date (f) Type of Award Grant Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) (2) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (h) (3) Type of Award Grant Date Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) (4) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (j) (3) V.M.   Rometty 01/26/16 0 375,000 N/A $129.08 01/25/26 RSU 06/08/16 16,052 $1,824,631 PSU 06/08/17 49,400 $5,615,298 01/26/16 0 375,000 N/A 135.22 01/25/26 RSU 06/08/17 19,950 2,267,717 PSU 06/08/18 54,032 6,141,817 01/26/16 0 375,000 N/A 141.37 01/25/26 RSU 06/08/18 29,094 3,307,115 01/26/16 0 375,000 N/A 153.66 01/25/26 Total 0 1,500,000 65,096 7,399,463 103,432 11,757,115 J.J.   Kavanaugh RRSU 01/02/14 8,772 997,113 PSU 06/08/17 14,858 1,688,909 RSU 06/08/16 4,225 480,256 PSU 06/08/18 21,329 2,424,467 RSU 06/08/17 6,000 682,020 RSU 06/08/18 11,485 1,305,500 Total 0 0 30,482 3,464,889 36,187 4,113,376 M.J.   Schroeter RRSU 02/02/15 25,158 2,859,710 PSU 06/08/17 20,429 2,322,164 RSU 06/08/16 6,035 685,998 PSU 06/08/18 24,375 2,770,706 RSU 06/08/17 8,250 937,778 RSU 06/08/18 13,125 1,491,919 Total 0 0 52,568 5,975,405 44,804 5,092,870 J.E.   Kelly III RRSU 12/30/15 13,981 1,589,220 PSU 06/08/17 20,429 2,322,164 RSU 06/08/16 6,638 754,541 PSU 06/08/18 23,157 2,632,256 RSU 06/08/17 8,250 937,778 RSU 06/08/18 12,469 1,417,351 Total 0 0 41,338 4,698,890 43,586 4,954,420 E.   Clementi RRSU 02/02/15 12,579 1,429,855 PSU 06/08/17 20,429 2,322,164 RSU 06/08/16 6,638 754,541 PSU 06/08/18 22,344 2,539,842 RSU 06/08/17 8,250 937,778 RSU 06/08/18 12,032 1,367,677 Total 0 0 39,499 4,489,851 42,773 4,862,006 Type of Award: PSU = Performance Share Unit RSU = Restricted Stock Unit RRSU = Retention Restricted Stock   Unit (1)  The   exercise prices for Mrs. Rometty’s premium-priced options are equal to   105%, 110%, 115% and 125% of the average high and low prices of IBM common   stock on the NYSE on the date of grant. (2)  The   amounts shown in column (g) of the 2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at   Fiscal Year-End Table are RSU and RRSU awards that have not yet vested. See   the 2018 Summary Compensation Table Narrative for additional information on   these types of awards. The Vesting Schedule for Unvested RSUs and RRSUs table   below shows the vesting schedules for these outstanding awards. The remaining   unvested portion of Mr. Kavanaugh’s 2014 RRSU award fully vested on   January 2, 2019. The remaining unvested portion of Mr. Schroeter’s   and Mr. Clementi’s 2015 RRSU award fully vested on February 2,   2019. The remaining unvested portion of Dr. Kelly’s 2015 RRSU award   vests on December 30, 2019, provided that he is an employee of IBM as of   that date. In 2016, 2017, and 2018, each named executive officer received RSU   awards that vest 25% per year on the first through the fourth anniversaries   of the grant date. (3)  Values   in these columns are calculated by multiplying the number of units by the   closing price of IBM stock on the last business day of the 2018 fiscal year   ($113.67). (4)  The   amounts shown in column (i) of the 2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at   Fiscal Year-End Table are PSU awards that have not yet vested. See the 2018   Summary Compensation Table Narrative for additional information on PSU   awards. The Vesting Schedule for Unvested PSUs table below shows the vesting   schedules for these outstanding PSU awards (reflecting Target payout), all of   which are paid out in February following the end of the performance   period. 2019 Notice of   Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement      | 2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table   and Related Narrative 53 VESTING   SCHEDULE FOR UNVESTED RSUs AND RRSUs Vesting Schedule Name Type of Award Grant Date 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 V.M. Rometty RSU 06/08/2016 8,026 8,026 RSU 06/08/2017 6,650 6,650 6,650 RSU 06/08/2018 7,273 7,273 7,273 7,275 J.J. Kavanaugh RRSU 01/02/2014 8,772 RSU 06/08/2016 2,112 2,113 RSU 06/08/2017 2,000 2,000 2,000 RSU 06/08/2018 2,871 2,871 2,871 2,872 M.J. Schroeter RRSU 02/02/2015 25,158 RSU 06/08/2016 3,017 3,018 RSU 06/08/2017 2,750 2,750 2,750 RSU 06/08/2018 3,281 3,281 3,281 3,282 J.E. Kelly III RRSU 12/30/2015 13,981 RSU 06/08/2016 3,319 3,319 RSU 06/08/2017 2,750 2,750 2,750 RSU 06/08/2018 3,117 3,117 3,117 3,118 E. Clementi RRSU 02/02/2015 12,579 RSU 06/08/2016 3,319 3,319 RSU 06/08/2017 2,750 2,750 2,750 RSU 06/08/2018 3,008 3,008 3,008 3,008 VESTING SCHEDULE FOR   UNVESTED PSUS 2018   OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE Vesting Schedule Option Awards Stock Awards (1) Name (a) Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) (b) Value Realized on Exercise ($) (c) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) (d) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (e) Name Grant Date Dec-2019 Dec-2020 V.M.   Rometty 06/08/2017 49,400 06/08/2018 54,032 J.J.   Kavanaugh 06/08/2017 14,858 06/08/2018 21,329 V.M. Rometty 0 0 73,701 $8,843,336 M.J.   Schroeter 06/08/2017 20,429 J.J. Kavanaugh 0 0 24,965 3,230,808 06/08/2018 24,375 M.J. Schroeter 0 0 27,957 3,360,888 J.E.   Kelly III 06/08/2017 20,429 J.E. Kelly III 0 0 44,458 5,245,721 06/08/2018 23,157 E. Clementi 0 0 30,478 3,657,034 E.   Clementi 06/08/2017 20,429 (1) Amounts shown in these columns   reflect PSU, RSU, and RRSU awards that vested during 2018. The PSU award for   the 2016–2018 performance period vested on December 31, 2018, and paid   out to each named executive officer on February 1, 2019; the value of   this PSU award was determined by multiplying the number of shares by the   closing price of IBM stock on the vesting date. See the 2018 Summary   Compensation Table Narrative for details on these types of awards. 06/08/2018 22,344 Pay Ratio The   ratio of the CEO’s annual total compensation to that of the median employee’s   annual total compensation is 319:1. This ratio is based on annual total   compensation of $17,552,218 for the CEO (as reported in the Summary   Compensation Table) and $55,088 for the median employee. Since there have   been no significant changes, the Company used the same median employee that   was determined as of October 1, 2017 using annual base pay for IBM   employees on that date; all foreign currencies were converted to U.S.   dollars. For purposes of determining our median employee in 2017,   approximately 17,000 employees* (which represents less than 5% of IBM’s total   employees) were excluded either because they became IBM employees in   connection with certain acquisitions who maintain separate terms of   employment (some of which closed prior to 2017), or were employed by a   limited number of subsidiaries that maintain separate terms of employment.   The Company believes that this calculation is a reasonable estimate of the   pay ratio. *Certain employees from Aperto, Blue Express Computer   Engineering Technology Company, BNP Paribas Partners for Innovation,   Bluewolf, Cloudigo, exc.io, EXA Corporation, GesNext, Ingenieria De   Software Avanzado, Innovative Solutions for Finance, Information   Technology Nostrum, Iru Ederra XXI, ISM Canada, IT Now, KTS,   Promontory, Proxxi, SI Solutions, SoftINSA, SoftLayer, Truven, Value   Transformation Services, and Wedoit Sociedad Tecnologias De la Information. 54 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table and Related Narrative 2018 Retention Plan   Narrative General   Description and Purpose During the mid-1990s, an additional form of   retention compensation was created for certain IBM U.S. leaders. The plan,   formally called the “IBM Supplemental Executive Retention Plan” (Retention   Plan), began in 1995 during a particularly trying time in IBM’s history when   it faced challenges that many thought put its very existence at risk. Some   key leaders were recruited away from IBM during this time. In this   environment, IBM created this new plan to help retain for full careers   the caliber of senior leaders needed to turn IBM around, preserve its   long-term viability and position it for growth in the future. Because its original purpose had been met,   the Retention Plan was closed to new participants effective May 1, 2004,   and will not be replaced by any other plan. Future   accruals under the Retention Plan stopped on December 31, 2007, therefore,   a participant’s Retention Plan benefit does not consider pay earned or   service performed after such date. Payments accrue based on age and service   and are typically payable only after age 60, as a way to encourage senior   leaders to continue working for IBM past the age when many others at IBM   choose to retire. Even though the Retention Plan provides for   the payment of specified benefits after retirement, given the nature of this   program as a retention vehicle, the Retention Plan is discussed in its own   section instead of in the Pension Benefits section. As a consequence, the   amounts reflected below are separately presented in the 2018 Retention Plan   Table and are not included in the 2018 Pension Benefits Table. The 2018 Retention Plan Table shows each   eligible named executive officer’s number of years of credited service,   present value of accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year   under the Retention Plan. The Retention Plan is a U.S. Plan and eligibility   is based on U.S. employment. Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh and   Dr. Kelly are eligible for a benefit under the Retention Plan.   Mr. Schroeter is not eligible for a Retention Plan benefit because he   did not meet all of the eligibility criteria. Specifically, he did not   continuously remain on the U.S. payroll, as he worked for IBM Australia from   April 1, 2005 through June 30, 2011. Mr. Clementi began U.S.   employment after the Retention Plan was closed. Description of Retention   Plan · The Retention Plan   provides for payment of an annual benefit as long as the participant   satisfies the age, service, pay, and job level requirements. · Effective   July 1, 1999, IBM amended the Retention Plan to provide a new   benefit formula, but allowed participants who met certain age, service, and   pay level conditions as of June 30, 1999 to continue to earn benefits   under the prior formula if the prior formula provides a greater benefit. · Retention Plan   benefits are subject to forfeiture and rescission if an executive is   terminated for cause or engages in competitive or other activity detrimental   to IBM during or following employment. Material Terms and Conditions: 1995 Retention Plan · The benefits   provided under the Retention Plan for Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly   are determined under the Retention Plan formula in effect prior to the   July 1, 1999 amendment (1995 Retention Plan). · Benefits are   available under the 1995 Retention Plan only if a participant terminates   employment, becomes disabled or dies on or after meeting the early retirement   age and service, holds an executive-level position immediately prior to   termination or death, and has final average pay of at least $160,000   immediately prior to termination, disability or death. · The benefit   provided under the 1995 Retention Plan is payable only as an annuity   beginning on the first day of the month following termination of employment   (subject to a six-month delay for “specified employees” as required under   Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). · If the participant   terminates employment on or after age 60, the 1995 Retention Plan benefit   expressed as an annual single life annuity is equal to: · If the participant   terminates employment before age 60, the annual single life annuity resulting   from the sum of the amounts specified in (1) through (4) is reduced   as specified in the Retention Plan. For example, if a participant terminates   at age 59, the benefit is reduced by 3%, at age 58, by 7%, and at age 57, by   11%. · The benefit of a   participant in the 1995 Retention Plan will not be less than the benefit that   would be provided if the participant were in the 1999 Retention Plan, as   described in the next subsection. 2019 Notice of   Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement      | 2018 Retention Plan Narrative 55 Material Terms and   Conditions 1999 Retention Plan · The benefits   provided under the Retention Plan to Mrs. Rometty are determined under   the Retention Plan formula in effect on and after the July 1, 1999   amendment (1999 Retention Plan). · Benefits are   available under the 1999 Retention Plan if a participant holds an   executive-level position immediately prior to termination or death, has final   average pay in excess of $405,400 on both January 1, 2007 and   immediately prior to termination or death, and either: –    Terminates   employment for any reason other than cause or dies, in each case after   attaining age 60 and completing at least five years of service; or –    Terminates   employment for any reason other than cause or dies, in each case after   attaining age 55 and completing at least 15 years of service and either   becomes disabled (as determined under IBM’s long-term disability plan), or if   approved by the Board in the case of the two highest paid officers (and if   approved by the Compensation Committee and the chairman and chief executive   officer in the case of any other officer of IBM). · If the participant   terminates employment after attaining age 60 and completing at least five   years of service, the 1999 Retention Plan benefit expressed as an annual   single life annuity is equal to: Compensation Elements   Included in Calculations · The definitions of   eligible final average pay and eligible compensation for purposes of the   Retention Plan have the same meanings as under the Pension Credit Formula in   the IBM Personal Pension Plan. Funding · The Retention Plan   is unfunded and maintained as a book reserve (notional) account. · No funds are set   aside in a trust or otherwise; participants in the Retention Plan are general   unsecured creditors of IBM regarding the payment of their Retention Plan   benefits. Policy Regarding Extra   Years of Credited Service · Generally, a   participant’s years of credited service for benefits are based on the years   an employee participated in the IBM Personal Pension Plan through   December 31, 2007, the date accrual of future benefits stopped. Available Forms of Payment · A participant’s   benefit is only payable in the form of an annuity with monthly benefit   payments beginning on the first day of the month following termination of   employment (subject to a six-month delay for “specified employees” as   required under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). Lump sum   payments are not available under the Retention Plan. · A participant may   elect to receive his or her benefit in the form of a single life annuity or   in certain other actuarially equivalent forms of payment. Annual Retention Plan   Benefit · The annual Retention   Plan benefit that was earned as of December 31, 2007 and that is payable   as a single life annuity beginning at the earliest unreduced retirement age   (as defined in the next subsection) for each eligible named executive officer   is detailed in the table below. · In no event will   the sum of the amounts in (1) and (2) exceed 65% times final   average pay times a fraction (no greater than 1), the numerator of which is   the participant’s years of service and the denominator of which is 35. · A participant who   terminates employment after attaining age 55, but prior to attaining age 60,   who completes at least 15 years of service, and who receives Compensation   Committee and chairman and chief executive officer approval (or Board   approval in the case of the two highest paid officers) as described above,   will receive a reduced single life annuity. The reduced single life annuity   will be determined by reducing the sum of the amounts specified in   (1) and (2) by 0.5% for each month that the benefit commencement   date precedes age 60. Annual Retention Plan Benefit at Name Earliest Unreduced Retirement Age V.M. Rometty $98,907 J.J. Kavanaugh 12,973 J.E. Kelly III 588,122 Present Value of   Accumulated Benefit · The present value   of accumulated benefit shown in the 2018 Retention Plan Table below is the   value as of December 31, 2018 of the annual Retention Plan benefit that   was earned as of December 31, 2007. · The earliest   unreduced retirement age is the earliest age an eligible named executive   officer may start receiving the Retention Plan benefit without a reduction   for early commencement. As of December 31, 2018, Mrs. Rometty and   Dr. Kelly had reached the earliest unreduced retirement age. Because   Mr. Kavanaugh did not attain age 60 by December 31, 2018, the   earliest unreduced retirement age is his age on the first day of the month   that coincides with or next follows the attainment of age 60. 56 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement    | 2018 Retention Plan Narrative · Certain assumptions   were used to determine the present value of the annual accumulated Retention   Plan benefit that is payable beginning at the earliest unreduced retirement   age. Those assumptions are described immediately following the 2018 Retention   Plan Table. · Retirement rates:   None prior to Assumed Retirement Age · Normal Retirement   Age: Age 60 for Retention Plan, Age 65 for IBM Personal Pension Plan · Assumed Retirement   Age: Later of Age 60 for Retention Plan, Age 65 for IBM Personal Pension   Plan, or current age · Accumulated benefit   is calculated based on credited service and final average pay as of   December 31, 2007 · Offset for benefit   payable under the IBM Personal Pension Plan is determined based on the single   life annuity that would be payable under the plan beginning on the first day   of the month following the assumed termination of employment · Present value is   the present value of the single life annuity payable at assumed retirement   age beginning on the first day of the month following the assumed termination   of employment. The six-month delay under the Retention Plan for “specified   employees” as required under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code   was disregarded for this purpose · All results shown   are estimates only; actual benefits will be based on precise credited service   and compensation history, which will be determined at termination of   employment Assumptions to determine present value as   of December 31, 2017: · The column titled   Change in Retention Plan Value in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table   quantifies the change in the present value of the Retention Plan benefit from   December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 · To determine the   present value of the Retention Plan benefit as of December 31, 2017, the   same assumptions that are described above to determine present value as of   December 31, 2018 were used, except (1) a 3.4% interest rate,   Modified RP-2014 White Collar sex-distinct annuitant tables with adjustment   to 2011 by backing out MP-2014 improvement and further adjusting the   mortality rates at each age (averaging approximately 1.06); and the Modified   MP-2017 improvement scale, and (2) to determine the Personal Pension   Account benefit, the following were used: –    Interest   crediting rate: 2.3% for 2018 and after –    Interest   rate to convert Personal Pension Account balance to annual single life   annuity: 1.98% for years 1–5, 3.5867% for years 6–20, and 4.3267% for year 21   and after · Mortality table for   Personal Pension Account balance conversion: 2018 Personal Pension Account   Optional Combined Unisex Table 2018 RETENTION PLAN TABLE Name (a) Plan Name (b) Number of Years Credited Service (1) (#) (c) Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (2) ($) (d) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) (e) V.M. Rometty Retention Plan 26 $1,540,807 $0 J.J. Kavanaugh Retention Plan 12 149,084 0 J.E. Kelly III Retention Plan 27 8,151,528 0 (1) Reflects years of credited service as of   December 31, 2007, which was the date accruals under the Retention Plan   stopped. Each of the eligible named executive officers in this table has 11   additional years of service with IBM after that date. (2) While the accruals under the Retention Plan   stopped on December 31, 2007, the value of the Retention Plan benefit   for the eligible named executive officers will continue to change based on   their ages, the assumptions used to calculate the present value of the   accumulated benefit, and the benefit that would be provided under the IBM   Personal Pension Plan. Assumptions to determine present value for   each eligible named executive officer, as of December 31, 2018: · Measurement date:   December 31, 2018 · Interest rate for present   value: 4.1% · To determine Personal Pension   Account benefit: –    Interest   crediting rate: 3.6% for 2019 and after –    Interest   rate to convert Personal Pension Account balance to single life annuity:   3.2133% for years 1–5, 4.2667% for years 6–20, and 4.5767% for year 21 and   after –    Mortality   table to convert Personal Pension Account balance to single life annuity is   2019 Personal Pension Account Optional Combined Unisex Table · Mortality (pre-commencement):   None · Mortality (post-commencement): –    Base   Table: Modified RP-2014 White Collar sex-distinct annuitant tables with   adjustment to 2006 by backing out MP-2014 improvement and further adjusting   the mortality rates by a factor of 1.016 –    Improvement   Scale: A modified Scale MP-2018 projection table with projected improvements   starting in 2006 for healthy mortality. The modified table is based on the   RPEC 2014 v2018 model, with the same 20 year diagonal convergence period and   10 year horizontal convergence period and underlying weighting percentages   for the age/period and year-of-birth cohort periods. The long-term   improvement rates are 0.75% up to age 85, linearly decreasing to 0.0% at age   115 · Withdrawal rates:   None 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement    | 2018 Retention Plan Narrative 57 2018 Pension Benefits Narrative The   2018 Pension Benefits Tables show the number of years of credited service,   present value of accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year   for each eligible named executive officer under the IBM U.S. defined benefit   pension plan. Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh, Mr. Schroeter and   Dr. Kelly have pension benefits under the U.S. defined benefit pension   plan, and Mr. Clementi does not have a benefit under any IBM defined   benefit pension plan. U.S. Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan   Descriptions — General The   IBM Personal Pension Plan consists of a tax-qualified plan and a non-tax   qualified plan. Effective January 1, 2008, the non-tax qualified plan   was renamed the IBM Excess Personal Pension Plan and is referred to herein as   the Nonqualified Plan, and the tax-qualified plan is referred to as the   Qualified Plan. The combined plan is referred to herein as the IBM Personal   Pension Plan. Effective January 1, 2005, the IBM Personal Pension Plan   was closed to new participants. Plan Description · Effective July 1, 1999, IBM   amended the IBM Personal Pension Plan to provide a new benefit formula, but   allowed participants who met certain age and service conditions as of   June 30, 1999, to elect to continue to earn benefits under the prior   formulas, including the Pension Credit Formula. · Accrual of future benefits under the   IBM Personal Pension Plan stopped on December 31, 2007. Accordingly, a   participant’s pension benefit does not consider pay earned and service   credited after such date. · The Qualified Plan provides funded,   tax-qualified benefits up to the limits on compensation and benefits under   the Internal Revenue Code. · The Nonqualified Plan provides   unfunded, nonqualified benefits in excess of the limits on compensation. IBM   U.S. Personal Pension Plan (Qualified Plan) Purpose of the Qualified   Plan · The Qualified Plan was designed to   provide tax-qualified pension benefits that are generally available to all   U.S. regular employees. · The cessation of accruals under the   Qualified Plan and the continued IBM contributions under the tax-qualified   defined contribution plan, the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan, reflects IBM’s   desire to provide appropriate benefits for its employees, consistent with the   changing needs of IBM’s workforce and the changing nature of retirement   benefits provided by IBM’s current competition. Material Terms and   Conditions: Pension Credit Formula under the Qualified Plan · The benefits under the Qualified Plan   for Mrs. Rometty are determined under the Pension Credit Formula.   Mrs. Rometty satisfied   the eligibility requirements for the Pension Credit Formula in 1999. · The Pension Credit Formula is a pension   equity formula that provides annual benefits based on a participant’s total   point value divided by an annuity conversion factor. · The total point value is equal to   total base points times final average pay plus total excess points times   final average pay in excess of Social Security Covered Compensation. · For purposes of the Pension Credit   Formula, final average pay is equal to average compensation over the final   five years of employment or the highest consecutive five calendar years of   compensation, whichever is greater, prior to 2008. · The annuity conversion factor is   pre-determined according to the IBM Personal Pension Plan document. · Prior to 2008, participants earned   points as follows: 0.16 base points each year until a 4.25 base point cap was   reached, and 0.03 excess points each year until a 0.75 excess point cap was   reached. · The total point value is converted to   an annuity at the benefit commencement date based on pre-determined annuity   conversion factors. · A participant may receive his or her   benefit immediately following termination of employment, or may defer benefit   payments until any time between early retirement age and normal retirement   age. · Early retirement age is defined as: – Any age with 30 years of service; – Age 55 with 15 years of service; or – Age 62 with five years of service. · As of December 31, 2018,   Mrs. Rometty had attained early retirement age. · Under the Pension Credit Formula, a   participant who terminates employment and whose pension benefit commences   before his or her normal retirement age will receive smaller monthly annuity   payments than if his or her benefit commences at normal retirement age. · Instead of receiving his or her   entire benefit under the Pension Credit Formula as an annuity, a participant   may elect to receive a portion of the benefit as an unsubsidized lump sum.   The lump sum amount is based on the benefit the participant earned before   January 1, 2000. Material Terms and   Conditions: Personal Pension Account Formula under the Qualified Plan · Mr. Kavanaugh’s,   Mr. Schroeter’s and Dr. Kelly’s benefit under the Qualified Plan is   determined under the Personal Pension Account formula, which is a cash   balance formula. · According to the terms of the   Qualified Plan, under the Personal Pension Account formula prior to 2008, the   eligible named executive officers above receive pay credits and interest   credits to their respective Personal Pension Accounts. The pay credits for a   year were equal to 5% of the eligible named executive officers’ eligible   compensation for that year. The interest credits are based on the annual   interest rate on one-year Treasury Constant Maturities plus 1%. Further, the 58 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Pension Benefits Narrative eligible   named executive officers may receive their benefit under the Personal Pension   Account formula at any time following termination of employment, but may not   defer the commencement of the benefit later than normal retirement age. If   the eligible named executive officers’ benefit begins to be paid before   normal retirement age, it will be reduced when compared to the benefit that   would commence at normal retirement age. The eligible named executive   officers may receive their benefit in the following forms: a lump sum equal   to the Personal Pension Account balance, an annuity that is actuarially   equivalent to the Personal Pension Account balance, or both a partial lump   sum and a reduced annuity. Compensation Elements   Included in Calculations · Prior to 2008, eligible compensation   was generally equal to the total amount that is included in income including: – Salary; – Recurring   payments under any form of variable compensation plan (excluding stock   options and other equity awards); and – Amounts   deducted from salary and variable compensation under IBM’s Internal Revenue   Code Section 125 plan (cafeteria plan), and amounts deferred under IBM’s   401(k) Plus Plan and Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. · Equity compensation — stock options,   RSUs, RRSUs, and PSUs — was excluded from eligible compensation. · Compensation for a year was limited   to the compensation limit under the Internal Revenue Code. For 2007, the last   year that benefits accrued under the Qualified Plan, the compensation limit   was $225,000. In addition, benefits provided under the Qualified Plan may not   exceed an annual benefit limit under the Internal Revenue Code (which in 2018   was $220,000 payable as an annual single life annuity beginning at normal   retirement age). Qualified Plan Funding · Benefits under the Qualified Plan are   funded by an irrevocable tax-exempt trust. · A participant’s benefits under the   Qualified Plan are payable from the assets held by the tax-exempt trust. Policy Regarding Extra   Years of Credited Service · Generally, a participant’s years of   credited service are based on the years an employee participates in the   Qualified Plan. · The years of credited service for the   eligible named executive officers are based only on their service while   eligible for participation in the Qualified Plan. In 2005, Mr. Schroeter   left IBM U.S. and became an executive of IBM Australia, and therefore,   Mr. Schroeter’s years of credited service for benefit calculations in   the 2018 Pension Benefits Table are based only on his service with IBM U.S.   Because accruals under the Qualified Plan stopped on December 31, 2007,   service performed after such date is not counted for any named executive   officer. IBM U.S. Excess Personal Pension Plan (Nonqualified Plan) Purpose of the   Nonqualified Plan · The Nonqualified Plan provides   Qualified Plan participants with benefits that may not be provided under the   Qualified Plan because of the tax limits on eligible compensation. · The benefit provided to a participant   is payable following a separation from service from IBM (subject to the   six-month delay for “specified employees” as required under Section 409A   of the Internal Revenue Code). Material Terms and   Conditions of the Nonqualified Plan · The Nonqualified Plan provides a   benefit that is equal to the benefit that would be provided under the   Qualified Plan if the compensation and benefit limits did not apply minus the   benefit actually provided under the Qualified Plan disregarding the benefit   limits. Nonqualified Plan Funding · The Nonqualified Plan is unfunded and   maintained as a book reserve (notional) account. · No funds are set aside in a trust or   otherwise; participants in the Nonqualified Plan are general unsecured   creditors of IBM with respect to the payment of their Nonqualified Plan   benefits. Policy Regarding Extra   Years of Credited Service · The years of credited service for the   eligible named executive officers are based only on their service while   eligible for participation in the Qualified Plan. Because accruals under the   Nonqualified Plan stopped on December 31, 2007, service performed after   such date is not counted. Available Forms of Payment Pension Credit Formula · A portion of the benefit that is   available to Mrs. Rometty under the Qualified Plan may be paid as a lump   sum. The portion is determined on the benefit that was earned before   January 1, 2000. · The benefit available to   Mrs. Rometty under the Nonqualified Plan may only be paid as an annuity. Personal Pension Account · Under the terms of the Qualified   Plan, the entire benefit may be paid as a lump sum. · Under the terms of the Nonqualified   Plan, Mr. Schroeter’s entire Nonqualified Plan benefit must be paid as a   mandatory lump sum. Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly have elected to   receive their Nonqualified Plan benefit in a lump sum immediately following   separation from service. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Pension Benefits Narrative 59 · The maximum lump sum amount that the   eligible named executive officers could have elected to receive under the   Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan, as of January 1, 2019 if they had   a separation from service from IBM on December 31, 2018 was equal to: Annual Pension   Benefits · The annual pension benefit that was   earned as of December 31, 2007, and that is payable as a single life   annuity beginning at normal retirement age for each of the eligible named   executive officers is below. Because Mr. Kavanaugh, Mr. Schroeter   and Dr. Kelly will receive a lump sum payment for their Nonqualified   Plan benefits, no amount is represented for them in the Nonqualified Plan   column below: Maximum Lump Sum Name Qualified Plan Nonqualified Plan Total Available Lump Sum V.M. Rometty $481,489 N/A $481,489 J.J. Kavanaugh 164,926 71,364 236,290 Annual Pension Benefit at Normal Retirement Age M.J. Schroeter 64,639 22,026 86,665 Name Qualified Plan Nonqualified Plan Total Benefit J.E. Kelly III 465,429 1,012,086 1,477,515 V.M. Rometty $82,083 $342,761 $424,844 J.J. Kavanaugh 19,273 N/A 19,273 · A participant may elect to receive   his or her entire benefit, or the portion of the benefit that is not paid as   a lump sum, in the form of a single life annuity or in certain other   actuarially equivalent forms of payment. M.J. Schroeter 7,176 N/A 7,176 J.E. Kelly III 35,451 N/A 35,451 Present Value of Accumulated Benefit · The present value of accumulated   benefit is the value as of December 31, 2018 of the annual pension   benefit that was earned as of December 31, 2007. · The annual pension benefit is the   benefit that is payable for the named executive officer’s life beginning at   his or her normal retirement age. · The normal retirement age is defined   as the later of age 65 or the completion of one year of service. · Certain assumptions were used to   determine the present value of accumulated benefits. Those assumptions are   described immediately following the 2018 Pension Benefits Table. 2018 PENSION BENEFITS TABLE As   noted in the General Description and Purpose to the 2018 Retention Plan   Narrative, the 2018 Pension Benefits Table does not include amounts reflected   in the 2018 Retention Plan Table. Number of Years Present Value of Payments During Credited Service (1) Accumulated Benefit (2) Last Fiscal Year Name Plan Name (#) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) V.M. Rometty Qualified Plan 26 $1,028,525 $0 Nonqualified Plan 4,294,872 0 Total Benefit $5,323,397 $0 J.J. Kavanaugh Qualified Plan 12 $156,862 $0 Nonqualified Plan 67,146 0 Total Benefit $224,008 $0 M.J. Schroeter Qualified Plan 4 $63,099 $0 Nonqualified Plan 20,916 0 Total Benefit $84,015 $0 J.E. Kelly III Qualified Plan 27 $480,448 $0 Nonqualified Plan 1,011,273 0 Total Benefit $1,491,721 $0 (1) Reflects years of   credited service as of December 31, 2007, which was the date accruals   under the Qualified Plan and the Nonqualified Plan stopped. Each of the named   executive officers in this table has 11 additional years of service with IBM   after that date. (2) While the accruals under the Qualified Plan   and the Nonqualified Plan stopped on December 31, 2007, the value of the   Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan benefits for the eligible named   executive officers will continue to change based on their ages and the   assumptions used to calculate the present value of the accumulated benefit. 60 2019 Notice of   Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | 2018 Pension Benefits Narrative Assumptions to determine present value as   of December 31, 2018 for each eligible named executive officer: · Measurement date: December 31, 2018 · Interest rate for present value: 4.1% · To determine Personal Pension Account benefit: – Interest crediting rate: 3.6% for 2019 and   after – Interest rate to convert Personal Pension   Account balance to single life annuity: 3.2133% for years 1–5, 4.2667% for   years 6–20, and 4.5767% for year 21 and after – Mortality table to convert Personal Pension   Account balance to single life annuity is 2019 Personal Pension Account   Optional Combined Unisex Table · Mortality (pre-commencement): None · Mortality (post-commencement): – Base Table: Modified RP-2014 White Collar   sex-distinct annuitant tables with adjustment to 2006 by backing out MP-2014   improvement and further adjusting the mortality rates by a factor of 1.016 – Improvement Scale: A modified Scale MP-2018   projection table starting in 2006 for healthy mortality. The modified table   is based on the RPEC 2014 v 2018 model, with the same 20 year diagonal   convergence period and 10 year horizontal convergence period and underlying   weighting percentages for the age/period and year-of-birth cohort periods.   The long-term improvement rates are 0.75% up to age 85, linearly decreasing   to 0.0% at age 115 · Withdrawal rates: None · Retirement rates: None prior to Assumed Retirement Age · Normal Retirement Age: Age 60 for Retention Plan, Age   65 for IBM Personal Pension Plan · Assumed Retirement Age: Later of Age 60 for Retention   Plan, Age 65 for IBM Personal Pension Plan, or current age · Accumulated benefit is calculated based on credited   service and compensation history as of December 31, 2007 · Benefit payable as a single life annuity in the case of   the Pension Credit Formula and lump sum in the case of the Personal Pension   Account Formula beginning on the first day of the month following a   separation from service from IBM. The six-month delay under the Nonqualified   Plan for “specified employees” as required under Section 409A of the   Internal Revenue Code was disregarded for this purpose · The Pension Credit Formula conversion factor is based   on age at December 31, 2007 and commencement at age 65 · All results shown are estimates only; actual benefits   will be based on precise credited service and compensation history, which   will be determined at separation from service from IBM Assumptions to determine present   value as of December 31, 2017: · The column titled Change in Pension Value in the 2018   Summary Compensation Table quantifies the change in the present value of the   pension benefit from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 · To determine the present value of the pension benefit   as of December 31, 2017, the same assumptions that are described above   to determine the present value as of December 31, 2018 were used, except   a (1) 3.4% interest rate, Modified RP-2014 White Collar sex-distinct   annuitant tables with adjustment to 2011 by backing out MP-2014 improvement   and further adjusting the mortality rates at each age (averaging   approximately 1.06); and Modified MP-2017 improvement scale, and (2) to   determine the Personal Pension Account benefit, the following were used: – Interest crediting rate: 2.3% for 2018 and   after – Interest rate to convert Personal Pension   Account balance to single life annuity: 1.98% for years 1–5, 3.5867% for   years 6– 20, and 4.3267% for year 21 and after – Mortality table for Personal Pension   Account balance conversion: 2018 Personal Pension Account Optional Combined   Unisex Table 2018 Nonqualified   Deferred Compensation Narrative IBM   Excess 401(k) Plus Plan — U.S. General Description   and Purpose · Effective January 1, 2008, the IBM   Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (EDCP) was amended and renamed the IBM   Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. IBM employees, including the named executive   officers, who are eligible to participate in the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan   and whose eligible pay is expected to exceed the Internal Revenue Code   compensation limit for the applicable plan year are eligible to participate   in the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. The purpose of the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan is to provide employees with the opportunity to save   for retirement on a tax-deferred basis and provide benefits that would be   provided under the qualified IBM 401(k) Plus Plan if the compensation   limits did not apply. · The 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table shows   the employee deferrals (executive contributions), IBM match (registrant   contributions), automatic contributions (registrant contributions),   discretionary awards (registrant contributions) and investment gain or loss   (aggregate earnings) for each named executive officer during 2018. · The table also shows the total balance that each named   executive officer has accumulated over all the years he or she has   participated in the plan. · Account balances in the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan   are comprised of cash amounts that were deferred by the participant or   contributed by IBM (Basic Account), and all deferred shares, comprised of   shares that were deferred by the participant (Deferred IBM Shares).   Generally, amounts deferred and vested prior to January 1, 2005 are not   subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, while amounts deferred   and vested on and after January 1, 2005 are subject to Section 409A   of the Internal Revenue Code. · The Excess 401(k) Plus Plan balance is not paid   to, and cannot be accessed by, the participants until after a separation from   service from IBM. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   Narrative 61 · The Excess 401(k) Plus Plan allows the clawback of   IBM matching and automatic contributions made to a participant’s account   after March 31, 2010, if a participant engages in activity that is   detrimental to IBM (including but not limited to competitive business   activity, disclosure of confidential IBM information and solicitation of IBM   clients or employees). Compensation Eligible for   Deferral under Excess 401(k) Plus Plan · An eligible employee may elect to defer up to 80% of   salary and eligible performance pay, which includes annual incentive program   payments. · In both cases, the Internal Revenue Code requires the   deferral elections to be made before the calendar year in which the   compensation is earned. Deferred IBM Shares · Prior to January 1, 2008, under the EDCP, any   executive, including non-U.S. executives, could have elected to defer receipt   of shares of IBM stock that otherwise would be paid as a result of the   vesting of certain restricted stock unit awards granted on or before   December 31, 2007 under IBM’s Long-Term Performance Plan (LTPP). Such   deferral occurred when the awards vested. · In addition, in accordance with Internal Revenue   Service rules, an executive could have also elected to defer receipt of   shares of IBM stock that otherwise would be paid on or before   February 1, 2008 as a result of the vesting of Performance Share Unit (PSU)   awards under IBM’s LTPP. · There are no outstanding deferral elections that would   result in any future deferral of stock. · Dividend equivalents on Deferred IBM Shares are paid in   cash at the same rate and on the same date as the dividends paid to IBM   stockholders. Excess 401(k) Plus   Plan Funding · The Excess 401(k) Plus Plan is unfunded and   maintained as a book reserve (notional) account. · No funds are set aside in a trust or otherwise;   participants in the plan are general unsecured creditors of IBM for payment   of their Excess 401(k) Plus Plan accounts. IBM Matching Contributions · IBM credits matching contributions to the Basic Account   of each eligible participant who defers salary or eligible performance pay   under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. · The matching contributions equal the percentage of the   sum of: (i) the amount the participant elects to defer under the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan; and (ii) the participant’s eligible compensation   after reaching the Internal Revenue Code compensation limits. The maximum   matching contribution percentage for a participant is the same as the   participant’s percentage under the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan. Generally,   participants hired or rehired by IBM U.S. before January 1, 2005, are   eligible for up to 6% matching contributions; generally, participants hired   or rehired by IBM U.S. on or after January 1, 2005 and who complete one   year of service, are eligible for up to 5% matching contributions.   Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Kavanaugh and   Dr. Kelly are eligible for a 6% matching contribution and   Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi are eligible for a 5% matching   contribution. Effective January 1, 2016, the matching contributions   equal the sum of: (i) a participant’s match rate times the amount the   participant elects to defer under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan; and   (ii) the participant’s match rate times the eligible compensation after   reaching the Internal Revenue Code compensation limits. IBM Automatic   Contributions · Effective January 1, 2008, IBM credits   automatic contributions to the Basic Account of each eligible participant. · The automatic contributions equal a percentage of the   sum of: (i) the amount the participant elects to defer under the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan; and (ii) the participant’s eligible compensation   after reaching the Internal Revenue Code compensation limits. The automatic   contribution percentage for a participant is the participant’s automatic   contribution percentage under the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan. Generally, the   percentage is 2% or 4% if the participant was hired or rehired by IBM U.S.   before January 1, 2005 (depending on the participant’s pension plan   eligibility on December 31, 2007), or 1% if the participant was hired or   rehired by IBM U.S. on or after January 1, 2005 and completes one year   of service. For purposes of calculating the automatic contributions under the   IBM 401(k) Plus Plan, the participant’s eligible pay excludes the amount   the participant elects to defer under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. The   automatic contribution percentage is 4% for Mrs. Rometty; 2% for   Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly; and 1% for each of   Messrs. Schroeter and Clementi. · Matching contributions and automatic contributions are   made once annually at the end of the year. In order to receive such IBM   contributions each year, a participant must have completed the service   requirement, and must be employed on December 15 of the plan year. However,   if a participant separates from service (including going on long-term   disability) prior to December 15, and the participant has: – At least 30 years of service; – At least 15 years of service and is at   least age 55; – At least 5 years of service and is at least   age 62; or – At least 1 year of service and is at least   age 65; or, effective July 1, 2016, if   a participant dies prior to December 15 in a given year, then the   participant will be eligible to receive such IBM contributions as soon as   practicable following separation from service. IBM Transition Credits · Effective for the period of January 1, 2008   through June 30, 2009, IBM credited transition credits to an   eligible participant’s Basic Account for those employees who were receiving   transition credits in their Personal Pension Account under the Qualified Plan   as of December 31, 2007. According to the terms of the IBM   401(k) Plus Plan, Mr. Kavanaugh and Dr. Kelly were eligible to   receive transition credits. Earnings Measures · A participant’s contributions to the Basic Account are   adjusted for earnings and losses, until it has been completely 62 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative distributed, based on investment   choices selected by the participant. · IBM does not pay guaranteed, above-market or   preferential earnings in the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. · The available investment choices are the same as the   primary investment choices available under the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan,   which are as follows (with 2018 annual rates of return indicated for each): – Target Retirement 2010 Fund (-3.07%) – Target Retirement 2015 Fund (-3.95%) – Target Retirement 2020 Fund (-4.83%) – Target Retirement 2025 Fund (-5.74%) – Target Retirement 2030 Fund (-6.65%) – Target Retirement 2035 Fund (-7.41%) – Target Retirement 2040 Fund (-7.64%) – Target Retirement 2045 Fund (-7.65%) – Target Retirement 2050 Fund (-7.52%) – Target Retirement 2055 Fund (-7.52%) – Income Plus Fund (-2.41%) – Conservative Fund (-4.10%) – Moderate Fund (-5.18%) – Aggressive Fund (-7.19%) – Interest Income Fund (-3.03%) – Inflation Protected Bond Fund (-1.32%) – Total Bond Market Fund (-0.06%) – High Yield & Emerging Markets Bond   Fund (-3.22%) – Total Stock Market Index Fund (-5.25%) – Total International Stock Market Index Fund   (-14.39%) – Global Real Estate Stock Index Fund   (-5.36%) – Long-Term Corporate Bond Fund (-6.81%) – Large Company Index Fund (-4.41%) – Large-Cap Value Index Fund (-8.25%) – Large-Cap Growth Index Fund (-1.52%) – Small/Mid-Cap Stock Index Fund (-9.21%) – Small-Cap Value Index Fund (-12.76%) – Small-Cap Growth Index Fund (-9.15%) – European Stock Index Fund (-14.07%) – Pacific Stock Index Fund (-11.78%) – Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (-14.55%) – Real Estate Investment Trust Index Fund   (-4.66%) – International Real Estate Index Fund (-6.44%) – IBM Stock Fund (-22.59%)* *Performance includes dividend equivalent reinvestment · A participant may change the investment selections for   new payroll deferrals as frequently as each semi-monthly pay cycle and may   change investment selections for existing account balances daily, subject to   excessive trading restrictions. · Effective January 1, 2008, the IBM match under the   Excess 401(k) Plus Plan is notionally invested in the investment options   in the same manner participant contributions are notionally invested. · Because Deferred IBM Shares are credited, maintained,   and ultimately distributed only as shares of IBM’s common stock, they may not   be transferred to any other investment choice at any time. · On a quarterly basis, dividend equivalents are credited   to a participant’s account with respect to all or a portion of such account   that is deemed to be invested in the IBM Stock Fund at the same rate as   dividends to IBM stockholders. · Aggregate earnings on Deferred IBM Shares during the   last fiscal year, as reported in column (d) of the 2018 Nonqualified   Deferred Compensation Table, are calculated as the change in the price of   IBM’s common stock between December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018   for all Deferred IBM Shares that were contributed prior to 2018. · Aggregate earnings reflect an $8 quarterly   administrative fee. Payouts, Withdrawals, and   Other Distributions · No payouts, withdrawals or other distributions from the   Basic Account are permitted prior to a separation from service from IBM. · At termination, the balance in an eligible executive’s   Basic Account that was deferred prior to January 1, 2005 is paid to the   executive in an immediate lump sum unless: (a) the balance exceeds   $25,000; and (b) the executive satisfies the following age and service   criteria: – At least age 55 with 15 years of service; – At least age 62 with 5 years of service; – At least age 65 with 1 year of service; – Any age with at least 30 years of service,   provided that, as of June 30, 1999, the executive had at least 25 years   of service or was at least age 40 with 10 years of service; or – Commencing benefits under the IBM Long-Term   Disability Plan. · As of December 31, 2018, Mrs. Rometty and   Dr. Kelly had satisfied the age and service criteria. Although   Mr. Clementi also satisfied the age and service criteria, he does not   have a pre-2005 account balance under the Excess 401(k) Plus Plan. · If the participant has satisfied the age, service, and   account balance criteria at termination, but has not made a valid advance   election of another form of distribution, the amount of the participant’s   Basic Account that was deferred prior to January 1, 2005 is paid in a   lump sum in February of the year following separation. · If the participant has satisfied the age, service, and   account balance criteria at termination and has made a valid advance   election, the amount of the participant’s Basic Account that was deferred   prior to January 1, 2005 is paid as elected by the participant from   among the following choices: 1. Lump sum upon termination; 2. Lump sum   in February of the year following termination; or 3. Annual   installments (beginning February 1 of the year following termination)   for a number of years (between two and ten) elected by the participant. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   Narrative 63 · The participant’s Basic Account with respect to amounts   deferred on or after January 1, 2005 may be distributed in the following   forms as elected by the participant: 1. Lump sum   upon separation; 2. Lump sum   in February of the year following separation; or 3. Annual   installments (beginning February 1 of the year following separation) for   a number of years (between two and ten) elected by the participant. However, if the participant has   elected annual installments and the total balance of the participant’s Basic   Account upon a separation from service from IBM is less than 50% of the   applicable Internal Revenue Code compensation limit (in 2018, 50% of this   limit was $137,500), the amounts deferred on or after January 1, 2005   are distributed in a lump sum on the date installments would have otherwise   begun. · Distribution elections may be changed in advance of   separation, in accordance with Internal Revenue Code rules. · Distribution elections apply to both the Basic Account   and the Deferred Shares Account. Further, within the Basic Account and the   Deferred Shares Account, different distribution elections are permitted to be   made for the amounts that were deferred before January 1, 2005 and the   amounts that were deferred on or after January 1, 2005. · At December 31, 2018, the named executive officers   had the following distribution elections on file: – Mrs. Rometty — 10 annual installments   for all amounts – Mr. Kavanaugh — 2 annual installments   for pre-2005 amounts, and lump sum in February of the year following   separation for post-2004 amounts. – Mr. Schroeter — lump sum in   February of the year following separation for all amounts – Dr. Kelly — lump sum in   February of the year following separation for pre-2005 amounts, and 10   annual installments for post-2004 amounts – Mr. Clementi — 10 annual installments   for all amounts · Deferred IBM Shares are distributed only in the form of   shares of IBM’s common stock. · These distribution rules are subject to   Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, including, for example, the   rule that a “specified employee” may not receive a distribution of   post-2004 deferrals until at least six months following a separation from   service from IBM. All named executive officers, were “specified employees”   under Section 409A at the end of the last fiscal year. IBM   Italy Pension Fund General Description · Mr. Clementi was an employee of IBM Italy prior to   his U.S. employment, which commenced January 1, 2009. While an employee   of IBM Italy and an Italian citizen, Mr. Clementi is eligible for a   pension under the social security system as required by law, and sponsored by   the Italian government. IBM made legally required contributions to the social   security system (INPS) on behalf of Mr. Clementi through   December 31, 2008. · In addition to contributions to INPS, IBM Italy   offers a supplementary plan, “Fondo Pensione Dirigenti IBM” (the   “Supplementary Plan”) to its executive population, which provides additional   pension benefits that exceed those provided by the social security system.   The Supplementary Plan is a separate qualified legal entity under Italian law   and is a defined contribution plan. · Generally, all executives employed by IBM Italy are   eligible to participate in the Supplementary Plan. Participation is   voluntary, and an executive must elect to participate in the Supplementary   Plan. Compensation Eligible for   Deferral into the Supplementary Plan · Eligible executives can choose to participate in the   Supplementary Plan in two ways: (i) by irrevocably transferring   severance pay legally required to be set aside; or (ii) making   contributions that are based on the participant’s pay (ranges from 2.5% for   pay up to €46,123 to 7.3% for pay over €87,633). · Participants may also elect to make further voluntary   monthly contributions to the Supplementary Plan. Employer Contributions · For all participants, IBM Italy makes   contributions to the Supplementary Plan on a monthly basis equal to a set   amount that varies based on salary (2.5% to 5.48% of salary); provided that   the employer contribution does not exceed 5.5% of the entire gross pay and   that it is not less than the amount established under the applicable   collective agreement (€4,800). Earnings Measures · Participants choose to invest their account in one of   two investment alternatives: the Insurance Fund or the Share Fund. The   default alternative is the Insurance Fund, which guarantees a minimum   percentage return on capital depending on operating results (currently 0.10%   annually calculated on the paid, consolidated capital as of January 1,   2018). The Bond Securities Fund was eliminated as an investment option in   2018. · Participants may change their investment election for   new contributions at any time, and may change their allocations among the   investment alternatives once each year. · The Share Fund does not provide any guaranteed return. · The 2018 annual rates of return for the investment   options are as follows: –  Insurance   Fund (2.48%) –  Share   Fund (-10.77%) 64 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative Payouts, Withdrawals, and Other Distributions · Participants   are eligible (but are not required) to take a distribution after reaching   pensionable age as set forth under law and have participated in the   Supplementary Plan for at least five years. · Participants   may receive their benefit as an annuity or as a combination of an annuity and   partial lump sum payment — which lump sum payment shall not exceed 50%. Due to   his hire date, Mr. Clementi may choose to take his entire benefit in a   lump sum payment. Distribution elections are made at the time of retirement. · Any   annuities paid from the Supplementary Plan are calculated in accordance with   the Supplementary Plan regulations for converting plan accounts to annuities. · If   the participant dies before accessing the benefits, the individual’s heirs or   designated beneficiaries shall receive his account. · A   participant can request an advance of his account under the following   circumstances: (i) at any time, up to 75%, to cover health care costs in   the event of a serious illness affecting the participant or his spouse or   dependents; (ii) up to 75% for the purchase of his, or his children’s,   primary residence or for maintenance to the residence, once a participant has   participated for at least eight years; and (iii) up to a maximum of 30%   for other purposes, once a participant has participated for at least eight   years. 2018 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION TABLE Executive Registrant Aggregate Aggregate Aggregate Contributions Contributions Earnings in Withdrawal/ Balance at in Last FY (1) in Last FY (2) Last FY (3) Distributions Last FYE (4) Name Plan ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) V.M. Rometty Basic Account $385,500 Match $385,500 ($498,855) $0 $13,658,094 Automatic 257,000 Deferred IBM Shares 0 0 (1,109,184) 0 3,171,848 Total $385,500 $642,500 ($1,608,039) $0 $16,829,942 J.J. Kavanaugh Basic Account $0 Match $0 ($311,173) $0 $3,220,450 Automatic 27,140 Deferred IBM Shares 0 0 (5,923) 0 16,937 Total $0 $27,140 ($317,096) $0 $3,237,387 M.J. Schroeter Basic Account $111,410 Match $90,550 ($412,089) $0 $1,963,698 Automatic 18,110 Deferred IBM Shares 0 0 0 0 0 Total $111,410 $108,660 ($412,089) $0 $1,963,698 J.E. Kelly III Basic Account $465,600 Match $86,760 ($910,804) $0 $12,142,948 Automatic 28,920 Deferred IBM Shares 0 0 (128,790) 0 368,291 Total $465,600 $115,680 ($1,039,594) $0 $12,511,239 E. Clementi Basic Account $68,592 Match $68,592 ($604,577) $0 $4,117,841 Automatic 13,718 Deferred IBM Shares 0 0 0 0 0 Supplementary Plan (5) 0 0 42,485 0 1,855,872 Total $68,592 $82,310 ($562,092) $0 $5,973,713 (1) A   portion of the amount reported in this column (b) for each named   executive officer’s Basic Account, is included within the amount reported as   salary for that officer in column (c) of the 2018 Summary Compensation   Table. These amounts are: $76,288 for Mrs. Rometty; $0 for   Mr. Kavanaugh; $38,938 for Mr. Schroeter; $33,658 for   Dr. Kelly; and $21,054 for Mr. Clementi. (2) For   each of the named executive officers, the entire amount reported in this   column (c) is included within the amount reported in column (i) of   the 2018 Summary Compensation Table. The amounts reported as IBM   contributions to defined contribution plans in footnote 6 to the 2018 Summary   Compensation Table are larger because the amounts reported in that footnote   also include IBM’s contributions to the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan. (3) None   of the amounts reported in this column (d) are reported in column   (h) of the 2018 Summary Compensation Table because IBM does not pay   above-market or preferential earnings on deferred compensation. (4) Amounts   reported in this column (f) for each named executive officer include   amounts previously reported in IBM’s Summary Compensation Table in previous   years when earned if that officer’s compensation was required to be disclosed   in a previous year. Amounts previously reported in such years include   previously earned, but deferred, salary, and incentive and IBM matching and   automatic contributions. This total reflects the cumulative value of each   named executive officer’s deferrals, IBM contributions and investment   experience, including an $8 quarterly administrative fee. (5) Amounts disclosed as of   December 31, 2018 were €37,050 and €1,618,446, respectively, and the   exchange rate from euros to U.S. dollars was 1.1467. The aggregate earnings   reflect investment experience and a mandated tax adjustment. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement   | 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative 65 2018 Potential   Payments Upon Termination Narrative Introduction IBM does not have any plans, programs or   agreements under which payments to any of the named executive officers are   triggered by a change of control of IBM, a change in the named executive   officer’s responsibilities or a constructive termination of the named   executive officer. The only payments or benefits that would be   provided by IBM to a named executive officer following a termination of   employment would be provided under the terms of IBM’s existing compensation   and benefit programs (as described below). However, Mr. Clementi will be   eligible for a payment upon termination pursuant to his IBM U.S. offer   letter. This payment represents a one-time replacement payment to compensate   Mr. Clementi for the retirement benefits that he would have continued to   earn as an employee of IBM Italy. In order to become eligible for a payment   under his offer letter, Mr. Clementi had to complete five years of   service following January 1, 2009. After completing such service   Mr. Clementi’s payment is equal to $500,000, plus, for each year that   Mr. Clementi works beyond January 1, 2014, the amount payable is   increased by 10% for a maximum period of five years (through January 1,   2019). The payment shall be made in a lump sum no later than the end of the   year after Mr. Clementi separates from service with IBM. The 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Table that follows this narrative reports such payments and benefits for each   named executive officer assuming termination on the last business day of the   fiscal year end. As explained below, certain of these payments   and benefits are enhanced by or dependent upon the named executive officer’s   attainment of certain age and service criteria at termination. Additionally,   certain payments or benefits are not available following a termination for   cause and/or may be subject to forfeiture and clawback if the named executive   officer engages in certain activity that is detrimental to IBM (including but   not limited to competitive business activity, disclosure of confidential IBM   information and solicitation of IBM clients or employees). This 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Narrative and the 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination Table do not   reflect payments that would be provided to each named executive officer under   the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan or the IBM Individual Separation Allowance Plan   following termination of employment on the last business day of the fiscal   year end because these plans are generally available to all U.S. regular   employees similarly situated in age, years of service and date of hire and do   not discriminate in favor of executive officers. Qualified Plan amounts and Nonqualified Plan   amounts are not reflected in the 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Table. Previously, these amounts were available under one plan, the IBM   Personal Pension Plan, which was generally available to all U.S. regular   employees similarly situated in years of service and dates of hire and did   not discriminate in favor of executive officers. For amounts payable under   the Qualified and Nonqualified Plans, see the 2018 Pension Benefits Table. The 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Table also does not quantify the value of retiree medical and life insurance   benefits, if any, that would be provided to each named executive officer   following such termination of employment because these benefits are generally   available to all U.S. regular employees similarly situated in age, years of   service and date of hire and do not discriminate in favor of executive   officers; however, the named executive officers’ eligibility for such   benefits is described below. The 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Table does not contain a total column because the Retention Plan payment is   paid as an annuity, not a lump sum. Therefore, a total column would not   provide any meaningful disclosure. Annual   Incentive Program (AIP) · The AIP may provide a lump sum, cash payment in   March of the year following resignation, retirement or involuntary   termination without cause. An AIP payment may not be paid if an executive   engages in activity that is detrimental to IBM. · This payment is not triggered by termination; the   existence and amount of any AIP payment is determined under the terms of the   AIP applicable to all executives employed through December 31 of the   previous year. · AIP payments to executive officers are subject to   clawback as described in Section 4 of the 2018 Compensation Discussion   and Analysis. · For purposes of the 2018 Potential Payments Upon   Termination Table below, it is assumed that the AIP payment made to each   named executive officer following termination of employment on the last   business day of the fiscal year end would have been the same as the actual   payment made in March 2019. IBM   Long-Term Performance Plans (LTPP) · The named executive officers have certain outstanding   equity grants under the LTPP including: – Stock Options; – Restricted Stock Units (RSUs); – Retention Restricted Stock Units (RRSUs);   and/or – Performance Share Units (PSUs). · The LTPP and/or the named executive officers’ equity   award agreements contain the following terms: – Generally, unvested stock options, RSUs,   RRSUs, and PSUs are cancelled upon termination; and – Vested stock options may be exercised only   for 90 days following termination. · Payment of these awards is not triggered by termination   of employment (because the awards would become payable under the terms of the   LTPP if the named executive officer continued employment), but if he or she   resigns, retires or is involuntarily terminated without cause after attaining   age 55 with at least 15 years of service, the following terms apply: – Vested stock options continue to be   exercisable for the remainder of their ten-year term if approved by the 66 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative Board, Compensation Committee or other   appropriate management; and – IBM prorates a portion of unvested PSU awards   to continue to vest under their original vesting schedules. · If an executive dies, outstanding stock options, RSU   awards and RRSU awards would vest immediately, and outstanding PSU awards   would remain outstanding and continue to vest under their original vesting   schedules. · If an executive becomes disabled, outstanding stock   options, RSU awards and RRSU awards would continue to vest under their   original vesting schedules, and outstanding PSU awards would remain   outstanding and continue to vest under their original vesting schedules. · Beginning with PSU and RSU awards granted in 2009, in   cases other than death or disability, certain executives may be eligible for   continued vesting of these awards after separation. – To ensure that the interests of the members   of the Performance Team are aligned with IBM’s long-term interests as these   leaders approach retirement, these executives, including the named executive   officers, may be eligible to receive payouts of their full unvested PSU and   RSU awards upon termination if the following criteria are met: · The executive is on the Performance Team at the time of departure; · For RSU awards, at least one year has passed since the   award grant date; and for PSU awards, at least one year has passed in the   performance period; · The executive has reached age 55 with 15 years of service   at the time of departure; and · The payout has been approved by appropriate senior   management, the Compensation Committee or the Board, in their discretion. – The Chairman and CEO is also eligible for the   payouts described upon termination, except she must have reached age 60 with   15 years of service, and the payout must be approved by the Board, in its   discretion. – Payouts of PSU awards after termination as   described above will be made in February after the end of the three-year   performance period and only if the performance goals are met. Payouts of RSU   awards after termination, as described above, will be made in accordance with   the original vesting schedule. · The 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination Table   assumes the following: – Amounts shown include the payout of the 2016   PSU awards calculated using the actual performance achieved for the 2016–2018   performance period and the 2018 fiscal year-end closing price of $113.67 for   IBM common stock; and – Outstanding 2017 and 2018 PSU awards were not   included because there is no guarantee of payment on these awards as they are   subject to meeting threshold performance criteria. – Amounts shown include the value of 2016 and   2017 RSU awards, if the required retirement criteria is met, at the fiscal year-end closing price of   $113.67 for IBM common stock because the one-year service requirement from   grant has been completed; and – Outstanding 2018 RSU awards are not included   because the required service of at least one year since the award date of   grant has not been completed. · LTPP awards are subject to forfeiture and rescission if   an executive is terminated for cause or engages in activity that is   detrimental to IBM prior to or within 12 months following payment. LTPP   awards also contain a covenant that the recipient will not solicit IBM clients   for a period of one year or employees for a period of two years following   termination of employment. IBM   Supplemental Executive Retention Plan (Retention Plan) · Payments under the Retention Plan are triggered by   resignation, retirement or involuntary termination without cause after   attainment of eligibility criteria. · Eligibility criteria are described in the 2018 Retention   Plan Narrative. · Retention Plan payments are paid as an annuity beginning   on the first day of the month following termination of employment (subject to   a six-month delay for “specified employees” as required under   Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). · At termination, the executive chooses either a single   life annuity or an actuarially equivalent joint and survivor annuity. · The 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination Table   reflects the annual amount payable as a single life annuity. · This table does not reflect the following provisions that   would apply in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code: – The payment would be delayed six months   following termination; and – Amounts not paid during the delay would be   paid (with interest) in July 2019. · Retention Plan payments are subject to forfeiture and   rescission if an executive is terminated for cause or engages in activity   that is detrimental to IBM at any time prior to or following commencement of   Retention Plan payments. IBM   Excess 401(k) Plus Plan · As described in the 2018 Nonqualified   Deferred Compensation Narrative, payment of the named executive officers’   Excess 401(k) Plus Plan accounts (Basic Accounts and any Deferred IBM   Shares) is triggered by resignation, retirement or involuntary termination. · Under the terms of the LTPP, Deferred IBM   Shares are subject to rescission if the named executive officer participates   in activity that is detrimental to IBM within 12 months following the release   date. · With respect to IBM matching and automatic   contributions made to a participant’s account after March 31, 2010, if a   participant engages in activity that is detrimental to IBM, the Excess   401(k) Plus Plan allows the clawback of such IBM 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2018   Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative 67 contributions   made during the 12-month period prior to the detrimental activity through the   date of termination. · The 2018 Potential Payments   Upon Termination Table indicates the estimated amount and the time and form   of payment, determined by either the executive’s distribution election in   effect, if any, or the plan’s default distribution provision. · Estimated   payments were calculated using the aggregate account balance as of the last   business day of the fiscal year end, without assumptions for the following   between such date and the distribution date(s): – Investment gains and losses on   the Basic Account (including dividend equivalent reinvestment for the IBM   Stock Fund); and – Fluctuations in the market   price of IBM stock for Deferred IBM Shares. · The   tables do not reflect: – That payment of amounts   deferred after December 31, 2004 (and the associated earnings) are   subject to a six-month delay for “specified employees” as required under   Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code; or – Any other restriction on such   payments imposed by the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal   Revenue Code. IBM Italy Pension Fund · As   described in the 2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative, payment   to Mr. Clementi of his benefits under the Supplementary Plan is   triggered by resignation, retirement or involuntary termination. · Estimated   payment reflects a lump sum of the aggregate account balance as of the last   business day of the fiscal year end, without assumptions for any investment   gains or losses between such date and distribution. Retiree Medical and Life Insurance General Description Benefits   under IBM’s retiree medical and life insurance programs are triggered by a   named executive officer’s retirement, as described below. IBM maintains the   Retiree Benefits Plan, the Future Health Account, Access to Group Health Care   Coverage and the Retiree Group Life Insurance Plan. Eligibility for a   particular program is dependent upon date of U.S. hire, age, and years of   service at termination. Future coverage under such programs remains subject   to IBM’s right to amend or terminate the plans at any time. The named executive   officers would not have been eligible for the Retiree Benefits Plan following   a separation from service on the last business day of the fiscal year end   because they had not met the eligibility requirements. IBM Future Health Account (FHA) · Amounts   credited by IBM to a hypothetical account may be used to offset the cost of   eligible medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage for former employees   and their eligible dependents. · Generally,   all regular full-time or part-time U.S. IBM employees who meet the following   criteria are eligible to use amounts from the account for these purposes: – Hired before January 1,   2004; – Not within five years of   earliest retirement eligibility under the prior IBM Retirement Plan on   June 30, 1999; and – At termination they have   attained 30 years of service (regardless of age) and were eligible for an   opening balance on July 1, 1999, or have attained at least age 55 with   15 years of service. An employee was eligible for an opening balance on July 1,   1999 if the employee was at least age 40 and completed at least one year of   service on June 30, 1999. · Mrs. Rometty   and Dr. Kelly would have been eligible for this benefit following a   separation from service on the last business day of the fiscal year end. · Mr. Kavanaugh   would not have been eligible for this benefit following a separation from   service on the last business day of the fiscal year end because he had not   met the eligibility requirement noted above. Access to Group Health Care Coverage · Eligible   employees may purchase retiree health care coverage under an IBM-sponsored   retiree medical option. The cost of this coverage is paid solely by the   employee, but the coverage is priced at IBM retiree group rates. · Generally,   all regular full-time or part-time U.S. IBM employees who meet the following   criteria are eligible to purchase such coverage: – Hired on or after   January 1, 2004, and meet the following age and service requirements at   separation from service: · At   least age 55, with at least five years of service; and either · The   employee’s age and years of service equal 65; or · Withdrawal-eligible   for the Future Health Account and the funds in the account have been fully   depleted. – Hired prior to January 1,   2004 but are not eligible for either the IBM Retiree Benefits Plan or the   Future Health Account, and at separation of service employee is at least age   55 or later, and the employee’s age and years of service equal at least 65. · Mr. Clementi   would have been eligible for this benefit following a separation from service   on the last business day of the fiscal year end. · Mr. Schroeter   would not have been eligible for this benefit following a separation from   service on the last business day of the fiscal year end because he had not   met the eligibility requirement noted above. IBM Retiree Group   Life Insurance · Employees   who retire on or after January 1, 2016 will have the option to purchase   life insurance at preferred rates, paid solely at their expense. 68 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement     | 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative 2018 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION TABLE Nonqualified Deferred Compensation LTPP Excess 401(k) (6) Annual Incentive Stock Stock Retention Basic Deferred IBM Italy Pension Replacement Termination Program (2) Options (3) Awards (4) Plan (5) Account Shares Fund Payment Name Scenario ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) V.M.   Rometty Termination (1) $4,050,000 $0 $10,801,719 $98,907 $1,365,809 (7) $317,185 (7) N/A N/A For Cause 0 0 0 0 1,365,809 (7) 317,185 (7) N/A N/A J.J.   Kavanaugh Termination (1) 814,050 0 1,765,636 0 2,957,198 (8) 16,937 (8) N/A N/A For Cause 0 0 0 0 2,957,198 (8) 16,937 (8) N/A N/A M.J.   Schroeter Termination (1) 1,074,400 0 2,522,337 N/A 1,963,698 (9) 0 N/A N/A For Cause 0 0 0 N/A 1,963,698 (9) 0 N/A N/A J.E.   Kelly III Termination (1) 644,600 0 4,466,890 588,122 4,742,164 (10) 368,921 (10) N/A N/A For Cause 0 0 0 0 4,742,164 (10) 368,921 (10) N/A N/A E.   Clementi Termination (1) 733,600 0 4,466,890 N/A 411,784 (11) 0 1,855,872 (12) 805,255 (13) For Cause 0 0 0 N/A 411,784 (11) 0 1,855,872 (12) 805,255 (13) (1) Termination includes the following separation scenarios:   resignation, retirement, and involuntary termination without cause (in all   cases, assuming the executive is not entering into competitive or other   activity detrimental to IBM). (2) Assumes that the AIP payment made to   each named executive officer following termination of employment on the last   business day of the fiscal year end would have been the same as the actual   payment made in March 2019. (3) Assumes each named executive officer   exercised all vested, in-the-money options at $113.67 (the fiscal year-end   closing price of IBM common stock on the NYSE). (4) Assumes IBM released each named   executive officer’s PSU award, granted in 2016 according to its policy, for   the three-year performance period ending December 31, 2018. PSU awards   are adjusted for performance and released in shares of IBM common stock (with   any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole share) in February in   the year following the end of the performance period. While outstanding 2016   and 2017 RSU awards are included if required retirement criteria is met, 2018   RSU awards are not included because the required service of at least one year   since the award date of grant has not been completed. (5) Reflects the Retention Plan benefit   payable for eligible named executive officers as an immediate annual single   life annuity. See the IBM Supplemental Executive Retention Plan section above   for more details. (6) Estimated payments to each named   executive officer were calculated using the aggregate account balance as of   the last business day of the fiscal year end. See the IBM Excess   401(k) Plus Plan section above for more details. (7) Approximate annual amount payable for   10 years starting in February 2019. Deferred IBM Shares are paid as   shares of IBM common stock. (8) Sum of the annual amount of Basic   Account deferred prior to January 1, 2005 payable for 2 years starting   in February 2019 ($263,252) and the amount of the Basic Account deferred   on or after January 1, 2005 payable in a lump sum in February 2019   ($2,693,946). Deferred shares are paid as shares of IBM common stock. (9) Payable in a lump sum in   February 2019. (10) Sum of the amount of Basic Account   deferred prior to January 1, 2005 payable in a lump sum in   February 2019 ($3,919,855) and the approximate annual amount of the   Basic Account deferred on or after January 1, 2005 payable for 10 years   starting in February 2019 ($822,309). Deferred IBM Shares are paid as   shares of IBM common stock. (11) Approximate annual amount payable for   10 years starting in February 2019. (12) Amount represents a lump sum payment   of the aggregate balance as of December 31, 2018. Under the terms of the   plan, Mr. Clementi does not have to make a distribution election until   retirement. He can choose to receive his benefit as an annuity, a lump sum,   or a combination of an annuity and lump sum. See the 2018 Nonqualified   Deferred Compensation Narrative for more information. (13) See the 2018 Potential Payments Upon   Termination Narrative for more information. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | 2018 Potential Payments Upon Termination   Narrative 69 Report of the Audit   Committee of the Board of Directors The Audit Committee hereby reports as   follows: 1. Management has the primary responsibility for   the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of   internal accounting controls. The Audit Committee, in its oversight role, has   reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with IBM’s   management. 2. The Audit Committee has discussed with IBM’s   internal auditors and IBM’s independent registered public accounting firm the   overall scope of, and plans for, their respective audits. The Audit Committee   has met with the internal auditors and independent registered public accounting   firm, separately and together, with and without management present, to   discuss IBM’s financial reporting process and internal accounting controls in   addition to other matters required to be discussed by the statement on   Auditing Standards No. 1301, Communications   with Audit Committees , as adopted by the Public Company Accounting   Oversight Board (PCAOB), as may be modified or supplemented. 3. The Audit Committee has received the written   disclosures and the letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) required by   applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding PwC’s communications with the   Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PwC its   independence. 4. The Audit Committee has an established   charter outlining the practices it follows. The charter is available on IBM’s   website at: http://www.ibm.com/investor/governance/audit-committee-charter.html. 5. IBM’s Audit Committee has policies and   procedures that require the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all fees   paid to, and all services performed by, IBM’s independent registered   public accounting firm. At the beginning of each year, the Audit Committee   approves the proposed services, including the nature, type, and scope of   service contemplated and the related fees, to be rendered by the firm during   the year. In addition, pursuant to authority delegated by the Audit   Committee, the Audit Committee chair may approve engagements that are outside   the scope of the services and fees approved by the Audit Committee, which are   later presented to the Committee. For each category of proposed service, the   independent registered public accounting firm is required to confirm that the   provision of such services does not impair its independence. Pursuant to the   Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the fees and services provided as noted in the   table below were authorized and approved by the Audit Committee in compliance   with the pre-approval policies and procedures described herein. 6. Based on the review and discussions referred   to in paragraphs (1) through (5) above, the Audit Committee   recommended to the Board of Directors of IBM, and the Board has approved,   that the audited financial statements be included in IBM’s Annual Report on   Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, for filing   with the Securities and Exchange Commission. M.L. Eskew (chair) D.N. Farr J.W. Owens P.R. Voser Members of the Audit   Committee as of February 26, 2019, the date of filing   of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the   fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 70 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Report   of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors Audit and Non-Audit   Fees Set   forth below are the fees for services provided to IBM by its independent   registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) for the   fiscal periods indicated. Audit-Related Fees: comprise fees for services that are   reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of IBM’s   financial statements, including the support of business acquisition and   divestiture activities, independent assessments for service organization   control reports, and audit and review of IBM’s retirement and other   benefit-related programs. For 2018, these services included approximately $23   million for independent assessments for service organization control reports.   For 2017, these services included approximately $19 million for independent   assessments for service organization control reports. Tax Fees: comprise fees for tax compliance, tax   planning and tax advice. Corporate tax services encompass a variety of   permissible services, including technical tax advice related to U.S.   international tax matters; assistance with foreign income and withholding tax   matters; assistance with sales tax, value-added tax and equivalent   tax-related matters in local jurisdictions; preparation of reports to comply   with local tax authority transfer pricing documentation requirements; and   assistance with tax audits. All Other Fees: comprise fees primarily in connection with   certain benchmarking work and permissible advisory services. (Dollars in millions) 2018 2017 Audit Fees $51.5 $48.1 Audit-Related Fees 33.8 28.5 Tax Fees 1.1 4.2 All Other Fees 0.4 0.5 Total $86.8 $81.3 Description of Services Audit Fees: comprise fees for professional services   necessary to perform an audit or review in accordance with the standards of   the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, including services rendered   for the audit of IBM’s annual financial statements (including services   incurred with rendering an opinion under Section 404 of the   Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) and review of quarterly financial statements.   Also includes fees for services that are normally incurred in connection with   statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, such as comfort letters,   statutory audits, attest services, consents, and review of documents filed   with the SEC. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | Audit and Non-Audit Fees 71 2. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered   Public Accounting Firm IBM’s Audit Committee is directly   responsible for the appointment, compensation (including advance approval of   audit and non-audit fees), retention and oversight of the independent   registered public accounting firm that audits IBM’s consolidated financial   statements and its internal controls over financial reporting. In accordance   with its charter, the Audit Committee has selected the firm of   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), an independent registered public accounting   firm, to be IBM’s auditors for the year 2019. With the endorsement of the   Board of Directors, the Audit Committee believes that this selection is in   the best interests of IBM and its stockholders and, therefore, recommends to   stockholders that they ratify that appointment. PwC served in this capacity   for the year 2018. Independent   Auditor Engagement The Audit Committee annually reviews   PwC’s independence and performance in deciding whether to retain PwC or   engage a different independent auditor. Prior to the selection of the   independent auditor, the Committee considers many factors, including: · PwC’s capability and expertise in addressing and   advising on the breadth and complexity of IBM’s global operations; · PwC’s independence and tenure as IBM’s auditor; · PwC’s strong performance on the IBM audit, including   the extent and quality of PwC’s communications with the Audit Committee and   the results of an internal, worldwide survey of PwC’s service and quality; · Analysis of known litigation or regulatory proceedings   involving PwC; · Public Company Accounting Oversight Board reports; · Appropriateness of PwC’s fees for audit and non-audit   services; and · PwC’s reputation for integrity and competence in the   fields of accounting and auditing. Auditor   Independence Controls The Audit Committee and IBM   management have robust policies and procedures in place to monitor and verify   PwC’s independence from IBM on a continual basis. These policies and   procedures include: · Private meetings between the Audit Committee and PwC   throughout the year; · Annual evaluation by the Audit Committee; · Pre-approval by the Audit Committee of non-audit   services; · Lead engagement partner rotation at least every 5   years; the Audit Committee selects a new lead audit engagement partner after   a rigorous process, including candidate interviews; · Concurring audit partner rotation at least every 5   years; · Auxiliary engagement partner rotation at least every 7   years; · Hiring restrictions for PwC employees at IBM; and · Internal quality reviews by, or of, PwC, including the   performance of procedures to monitor and assess PwC’s independence from its   audit clients, as well as the results of peer reviews by other public   accounting firms and PCAOB inspections. Accountability   to Stockholders · PwC’s representative will be present at the annual   meeting and will have an opportunity to make a statement and be available to   respond to appropriate questions. Benefits   of Long-Tenured Auditor PwC has been the independent auditor   of IBM since 1958. From 1923 until 1958, the independent auditors of IBM were   firms that were ultimately acquired by PwC. The Audit Committee believes that   having a long-tenured auditor is in the best interests of IBM and its   stockholders in consideration of the following: · Institutional knowledge and deep expertise necessary   for a large, multinational company with IBM’s breadth of global operations   and business; · Higher audit quality developed through experience with   more than 250 annual statutory audits in almost 100 countries; and · No onboarding or educating a new auditor, which would   require a significant time commitment and expense, and distract from   management’s focus on operational execution, financial reporting and internal   controls. THE IBM BOARD OF DIRECTORS   AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE RECOMMEND A VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. 72 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 2.   Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 3. Management Proposal on Advisory Vote on Executive   Compensation (Say on Pay) IBM is asking that you APPROVE the   compensation of the named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy   Statement. Over the last several years, IBM has   prioritized investments in our high growth strategic imperatives, while   ensuring we deliver value to our investors, and these investments have paid   off. In 2018, revenue from our strategic imperatives reached about $40   billion, representing 50% of total IBM, and we solidified our position as a   leading enterprise provider of cognitive and cloud solutions, reaching over   $19 billion in Cloud revenue. IBM saw strengthening performance throughout   the year, fueling the Company’s continued shift to higher value. We grew   total revenue for the year, stabilized gross margins and grew earnings per   share. We continued to invest in high value and emerging areas like hybrid   cloud, AI, security, blockchain, and quantum computing. We achieved this   performance and made these investments while continuing to return cash to   shareholders — in 2018, we raised our dividend for the 23rd consecutive year,   and we returned more than $10.1B to shareholders through dividends and share   repurchases. We also engaged in a robust program to   gather investor feedback in 2018. IBM directors, including its independent   Lead Director and the Chair of the Executive Compensation and Management   Resources Committee, participated along with members of IBM’s senior   management in a significant portion of this engagement. The Company offered   to engage with investors representing more than 50% of the shares that voted   on Say on Pay at the 2018 Annual Meeting, which resulted in 89% approval of   the 2018 Say on Pay vote. Through our discussions with investors and our   formal Say on Pay vote results, investors reaffirmed their support for the   Company’s compensation program and practices, which focus on long-term   financial performance that drives stockholder value. In the context of that feedback, pay   decisions continued to be made based on our financial performance relative to   our goals, while taking into consideration the significant reshaping of the   Company’s portfolio to accelerate our leadership in hybrid cloud, AI,   blockchain, security, and other emerging areas that are strengthening IBM’s   position for the future. IBM’s named executive officers are   identified in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table, and pages 30—69   describe the compensation of these officers. 69% of target pay for the   Chairman and CEO, and 63% of target pay for the other Named Executive   Officers, is at risk and subject to rigorous performance targets. The rigor   of these targets is evident in the payouts. For 2018, Mrs. Rometty   earned 89% of her total target compensation. Over the past 5 years,   Mrs. Rometty has earned an average of 71% of her total target   compensation. For the reasons expressed above and   discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Executive   Compensation and Management Resources Committee and the IBM Board of   Directors believe that these policies and practices are aligned with the   interests of our stockholders and designed to reward for performance. We are therefore requesting your nonbinding   vote on the following resolution: “Resolved, that the compensation of the   Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement   pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and   Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the   executive compensation tables and the narrative discussion, is approved.” THE IBM BOARD OF DIRECTORS   RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. Note: The Company is providing this advisory vote   as required pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act (15   U.S.C. 78n-1). The stockholder vote will not be binding on the Company or the   Board, and it will not be construed as overruling any decision by the Company   or the Board or creating or implying any change to, or additional, fiduciary   duties for the Company or the Board. 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | 3. Management Proposal on Advisory Vote   on Executive Compensation (Say on Pay) 73 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for   Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to   Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code The Executive Compensation and Management   Resources Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”)   adopted the material terms of the performance criteria described below, under   which long-term incentive compensation awards for covered employees were   granted. The awards were granted prior to November 2, 2017 and are   eligible for transitional relief under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017   (TCJA) and applicable IRS guidance to be treated as performance-based awards   and thus exempt from the limitations of section 162(m) of the Internal   Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (section 162(m)) in effect prior to the   passage of TCJA. In order to meet the requirements for compensation to be   performance-based under Section 162(m) for awards eligible for   transitional relief, stockholders are being asked to approve the material   terms of the performance criteria for the long-term incentive awards, because   the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast at the Annual   Meeting is required for the exemption from section 162(m) limitations on   deductibility of certain compensation for such awards eligible for   transitional relief. Background   and Rationale Section 162(m) limits   deductibility of compensation in excess of $1 million paid to each of IBM’s   covered employees. Until the Tax Cut and Jobs Act was signed into law on   December 22, 2017, performance-based compensation was deductible even if   it caused the covered employee to have compensation in excess of $1 million.   The Tax Cut and Jobs Act eliminated this performance-based compensation   deduction going forward, but provided limited transition relief for   compensation paid pursuant to a contract in effect as of November 2,   2017 not materially modified after such date. Therefore, certain outstanding   performance-based compensation may continue to be deductible under section   162(m), but all other compensation after November 2, 2017, will be   subject to the $1 million limit on deductibility. The Tax Cut and Jobs Act   also expanded who a covered employee is under Section 162(m). Effective   for 2017, covered employees include a company’s chief executive officer, the   chief financial officer, and each of such company’s three other most highly   compensated executive officers. The covered employee designation extends to   all future years. With respect to the awards eligible for the transition   relief, to qualify as performance-based compensation, the U.S. tax   regulations require that stockholder-approved performance criteria be used to   determine the long-term incentive awards for covered employees. In 1999, the   Company’s stockholders approved the terms under which the long-term performance   incentive awards should qualify as performance-based. Under section   162(m) stockholder approval of the terms of such performance criteria is   required every five years, and such approval was received in 2004, 2009, and   2014. Description   of Material Terms of Long-Term Incentive Awards Performance Criteria. The Compensation Committee adopted the   following terms under which long-term incentive awards for covered employees   (as they may be constituted from time to time, and including persons who may   become covered employees between the time of grant and payment of the award)   would be performance-based for purposes of exemption from the limitations of   section 162(m), in effect prior to the effectiveness of the Tax Cut and Jobs   Act, if stockholder approval is received. The performance criteria for long-term   incentive awards (whether such awards take the form of stock, stock units or equivalents   or cash) made (or paid) to any covered employee shall consist of objective   tests based on one or more of the following: earnings, cash flow, customer   satisfaction, revenues, financial return ratios, market performance,   shareholder return and/or value, operating profits (including EBITDA), net   income, earnings per share, profit returns and margins, stock price, working   capital, economic value added, and changes between years or periods that are   determined with respect to any of the above-listed performance criteria. Performance criteria may be measured solely   on a corporate, subsidiary or business unit basis, or a combination thereof.   Further, performance criteria may reflect absolute entity performance or a   relative comparison of entity performance to the performance of a peer group   of entities or other external measure of the selected performance criteria.   The formula for any such award may include or exclude items to measure   specific objectives, such as losses from discontinued operations, extraordinary   gains or losses, the cumulative effect of accounting changes, the effect of   any significant changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax rules or assumptions,   acquisitions or divestitures, foreign exchange impacts and any unusual,   nonrecurring gain or loss, and will be based on accounting rules and   related Company accounting policies and practices in effect on the date these   awards are approved by the Compensation Committee. 74 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive   Performance Terms for Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal   Revenue Code Performance Period. The performance period for each long-term   award may extend over two to five calendar years, and the performance period   for each award granted may overlap the performance period for another award, although   no two performance periods may consist solely of the same calendar years. Maximum Amount. Pursuant to the terms of our long-term   incentive award plan, no covered employee may receive an award in any   performance period of more than 400,000 shares or share equivalents (stock   units), subject to adjustment for changes in corporate capitalization, such   as stock splits. For purposes of this maximum, if an award is denominated in   cash rather than in shares, the equivalent will be determined by dividing the   highest amount that the award could be under the formula for that year by the   closing price of a share of stock on the first trading day of the applicable   performance period. As discussed above, awards under these   terms will be based upon the Company’s future performance, and no incentive   compensation at the time of grant under these terms was awarded or earned by   any covered employee. Accordingly, the amount of an outstanding long-term   incentive compensation award to be paid in the future to the Company’s   current and future covered employees under these terms cannot be determined   at this time, as actual amounts will depend on actual performance and on the   Compensation Committee’s discretion to reduce such amounts. For an   understanding of the size and structure of these awards in the past, see the   2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table in this Proxy   Statement. Nothing in these terms precludes the   Compensation Committee from making any payments or granting any awards,   whether or not such payments or awards qualify for tax deductibility under   section 162(m). THE IBM BOARD OF DIRECTORS   RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION Number of securities remaining available Number of securities to Weighted-average for future issuance under be issued upon exercise exercise price of equity compensation plans of outstanding options, outstanding options, (excluding securities warrants and rights (1) warrants and rights (1) reflected in column(a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity   compensation plans approved by security holders Options 1,500,000 $139.83 – RSUs 9,280,535 N/A – PSUs 3,478,757 (2) N/A – Subtotal 14,259,292 $139.83 84,531,169 Equity   compensation plans not approved by security holders Options – $ – – RSUs 522,169 N/A – PSUs 150,786 (2) N/A – DCEAP   shares 207,170 N/A – Subtotal 880,125 $ – 15,468,349 Total 15,139,417 $139.83 99,999,518 N/A is not applicable RSUs = Restricted Stock Units,   including Retention Restricted Stock Units PSUs = Performance Share Units DCEAP   Shares = Promised Fee Shares under the DCEAP (see plan description below) (1) In   connection with 31 acquisition transactions, 198,521 additional share-based   awards, consisting of stock options, were outstanding at December 31,   2018 as a result of the Company’s assumption of awards granted by the   acquired entities. The weighted-average exercise price of these awards was   $39.09. The Company has not made, and will not make, any further grants or   awards of equity securities under the plans of these acquired companies. (2) The   numbers included for PSUs in column (a) above reflect the maximum number   payout. Assuming target number payout, the number of securities to be issued   upon exercise of PSUs for equity compensation plans approved by security   holders is 2,319,171 and for equity compensation plans not approved by   security holders is 100,524. For additional information about PSUs, including   payout calculations, refer to the information under “2018 Summary   Compensation Table Narrative,” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed   with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to stockholders in   connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 30,   2019. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement     | 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for   Certain Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal   Revenue Code 75 The material features of each equity   compensation plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance   that was adopted without stockholder approval are described below: 2001   Long-Term Performance Plan The 2001 Long-Term Performance Plan (the   “2001 Plan”) has been used to fund awards for employees other than senior   executives of the Company. Awards for senior executives of the Company have   been and will continue to be funded from the stockholder-approved 1999   Long-Term Performance Plan (the “1999 Plan”); the 1999 Plan is also used to   fund awards for employees other than senior executives, Otherwise, the   provisions of the 2001 Plan are identical to the 1999 Plan, including the   type of awards that may be granted under the plan (stock options, restricted   stock and unit awards and long-term performance incentive awards). The 2001 Plan is administered by the   Compensation Committee, and the Compensation Committee may delegate to   officers of the Company certain of its duties, powers, and authority. Payment   of awards may be made in the form of cash, stock or combinations thereof and   may be deferred with Compensation Committee approval. Awards are not   transferable or assignable except (i) by law, will or the laws of   descent and distribution, (ii) as a result of the disability of the   recipient, or (iii) with the approval of the Compensation Committee. If the employment of a participant   terminates, other than as a result of the death or disability of a   participant, all unexercised, deferred, and unpaid awards shall be canceled   immediately, unless the award agreement provides otherwise. In the event of   the death of a participant or in the event a participant is deemed by the   Company to be disabled and eligible for benefits under the terms of the IBM   Long-Term Disability Plan (or any successor plan or similar plan of another   employer), the participant’s estate, beneficiaries or representative, as the   case may be, shall have the rights and duties of the participant under the   applicable award agreement. In addition, unless the award agreement specifies   otherwise, the Compensation Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold   or otherwise limit or restrict any unexpired, unpaid, or deferred   award at any time if the participant is not in compliance with all applicable   provisions of the awards agreement and the 2001 Plan. In addition, awards may   be cancelled if the participant engages in any conduct or act determined to be   injurious, detrimental or prejudicial to any interest of the Company. PWCC   Acquisition Long-Term Performance Plan The IBM PWCC Acquisition Long-Term   Performance Plan (the “PWCC Plan”) was adopted by the Board of Directors in   connection with the Company’s acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers   Consulting (“PwCC”) from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as announced on   October 1, 2002. The PWCC Plan has been and will continue to be used   solely to fund awards for employees of PwCC who have become employed by the   Company as a result of the acquisition. Awards for senior executives of the   Company will not be funded from the PWCC Plan. The terms and conditions of   the PWCC Plan are substantively identical to the terms and conditions of the   2001 Plan, described above. IBM   Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan The IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity   Award Plan was adopted in 1993, amended and restated effective   January 1, 2014 and further amended effective January 30, 2018 (the   “DCEAP”). Under the DCEAP, non-management directors receive Promised Fee   Shares in connection with deferred annual retainer payments. Each Promised   Fee Share is equal in value to one share of the Company’s common stock. Upon   a director’s retirement or other completion of service as a director, amounts   deferred into Promised Fee Shares are payable in either cash and/or shares of   the Company’s stock either as lump sum or installments pursuant to the   director’s distribution election. For additional information about the DCEAP,   see the 2018 Director Compensation Narrative in this Proxy Statement. 76 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | 4.   Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for Certain Executives for   Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal   Revenue Code Stockholder   Proposals Some   of the following stockholder proposals contain assertions about IBM that we   believe are incorrect. We have not attempted to refute all of these   inaccuracies. Your Board of Directors   opposes the following proposals for the reasons stated after each proposal. 5. Stockholder Proposal on the Right to Act by Written Consent Management has been advised that John   Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Ave., No. 205, Redondo Beach, CA 90278, the owner   of at least 25 shares of IBM stock, intends to submit the following proposal   at the meeting: Resolved, Shareholders request that our   board of directors undertake such steps as may be necessary to permit written   consent by shareholders entitled to cast the minimum number of votes that   would be necessary to authorize the action at a meeting at which all shareholders   entitled to vote thereon were present and voting. This written consent is to   be consistent with applicable law and consistent with giving shareholders the   fullest power to act by written consent consistent with applicable law. This   includes shareholder ability to initiate any valid topic for written consent. Hundreds of major companies enable   shareholder action by written consent. Taking action by written consent in   place of a meeting is a means shareholders can use to raise important matters   outside the normal annual meeting cycle. This proposal topic won majority   shareholder support at 13 major companies in a single year. This included   67%-support at both Allstate and Sprint. Hundreds of major companies enable   shareholder action by written consent. This proposal topic would have   received a vote still higher than 67% at Allstate and Sprint if most   shareholders at Allstate and Sprint had access to independent proxy voting   advice. Written consent could be a wake-up call for   our directors who have watched our stock drop from $179 to $127 in 5-years of   a robust market. Through written consent we could have a new director who   brings fresh ideas, is committed to owning significant IBM stock (unlike many   current directors) and is not committed   to defending the past. The expectation is that, once this proposal   is adopted, shareholders would not need to make use of this right of written   consent because its mere existence will act as a guardrail to help ensue that   our company is better managed by a more independent board (with less   long-tenure which is the opposite of independence). Our Directors and   management will want to avoid shareholder action by written consent and will   thus be more attentive to improving the Board of Directors and company   performance. Please vote yes: Right to Act by Written   Consent – Proposal 5 YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS   PROPOSAL. Your Board of Directors believes   that action by written consent without prior notice to all stockholders is not   in the best interest of stockholders and recommends a vote AGAINST this   proposal. IBM has long demonstrated its   commitment to sound principles of corporate governance, working to ensure   that its practices protect and further the interests of its stockholders. In   addition to stockholders’ right to call a special meeting, IBM has a   proxy access by-law provision, annual election of directors by majority vote,   no supermajority provisions in our charter documents, and enhanced proxy   disclosure that gives stockholders extensive insight into the Board’s   oversight of management, as well as regular, year-round engagement with our   stockholders. IBM’s current practices also   guarantee that notice and an opportunity to be heard precede stockholder   votes, enabling meaningful discourse to occur before important decisions are   made affecting your Company. In contrast, this proposal would enable the   owners of a bare majority of shares to act by voting in favor of their own   proposed action, without a meeting and without ever providing notice to other   stockholders or IBM. The Board of Directors believes that the adoption of   this proposal would not be in the best interests of its stockholders. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy   Statement | Stockholder Proposals 77 Currently, any matter that IBM or its   stockholders wishes to present for a stockholder vote must be noticed in   advance and presented at a meeting of stockholders. This transparency and   fairness allows all stockholders to consider, discuss, and vote on pending   stockholder actions. In contrast, the written consent proposal at issue would   permit a small group of stockholders (including those who accumulate a   short-term voting position through the borrowing of shares) with no fiduciary   duties to other stockholders to initiate action with no prior notice either   to the other stockholders or to the Company, thus preventing all stockholders   from having an opportunity to deliberate in an open and transparent manner,   and to consider arguments for and against any action, including IBM’s   position. Permitting stockholder action by written consent could also lead to   substantial confusion and disruption for stockholders, with potentially   multiple, even conflicting, written consents being solicited by multiple   stockholder groups. In short, the Board does not believe that majority   written consent is an appropriate corporate governance model for a   widely-held public company like IBM. In sum, the Board concludes that adoption of   this proposal is unnecessary for the following reasons: · IBM’s long demonstrated history of commitment   to high standards of corporate governance and accountability; · The belief that holding meetings with proper   notice whereby all stockholders may deliberate and discuss the proposed   actions, receive and consider the Company’s position, and then vote their   shares is the most transparent and fair way for stockholders to take action; · The safeguards around the ability to act by a   special or annual meeting both promote and protect stockholders’ interests;   and · As described in this Proxy Statement, the   Company has an established process by which stockholders may communicate   directly with IBM’s Board or non-management directors throughout the year on   any topics of interest to stockholders. The Board views the proposal calling for   action by written consent without prior notice to all stockholders as   unnecessary and not in the best interests of its stockholders. THEREFORE, THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS   PROPOSAL. 6. Stockholder Proposal to Have an Independent Board Chairman Management has been advised that Kenneth   Steiner, 14 Stoner Avenue, 2M, Great Neck, NY 11021, the owner of at least 300   shares of IBM stock, intends to submit the following proposal at the meeting: Shareholders request our Board of Directors   to adopt as policy, and amend our governing documents as necessary, to   require henceforth that the Chair of the Board of Directors, whenever   possible, to be an independent member of the Board. The Board would have the   discretion to phase in this policy for the next Chief Executive Officer   transition, implemented so it does not violate any existing agreement. If the Board determines that a Chairman, who   was independent when selected is no longer independent, the Board shall   select a new Chairman who satisfies the requirements of the policy within a   reasonable amount of time. Compliance with this policy is waived if no   independent director is available and willing to serve as Chairman. This   proposal requests that all the necessary steps be taken to accomplish the   above. This proposal topic won 50%-plus support at 5   major U.S. companies in 2013 including 73%-support at Netflix. These 5   majority votes would have been a still higher majority if all shareholders   had access to independent proxy voting advice. This proposal topic likely   received 2018 majority support from the IBM shareholders who had access to   independent voting advice. An independent board chairman would have more   time to cure weaknesses in our board members. For instance, David Farr was   tainted by a bankruptcy at a previous employer. Kenneth Chenault and Sidney   Taurel had 20-years and 17-years long-tenure respectively. Lead Director   Michael Eskew (with 13-years long-tenure) received our highest negative   votes. Long-tenure can erode the independence of a good director.   Independence is an all-important oversight attribute for a director. Also the following directors owned zero IBM   common stock beneficially and thus had no “skin in the game:” Michael Eskew, Lead Director Shirley Ann Jackson Hutham Olayan Alex Gorsky Andrew Liveris Peter Voser In response to this proposal management could   name one step it took to enhance shareholder oversight of our company since   the last shareholder meeting. In the 5-years preceding the submittal of this   proposal our stock dropped from $179 to $127. 78 2019 Notice of Annual   Meeting & Proxy Statement       | Stockholder Proposals An independent Chairman is best positioned to   build up the oversight capabilities of our directors while our CEO addresses   the challenging day-to-day issues facing the company. The roles of Chairman   of the Board and CEO are fundamentally different and should not be held by   the same person. There should be a clear division of responsibilities between   these positions to insure a balance of power and authority on the Board. Please vote yes: Independent Board Chairman –   Proposal 6 YOUR   BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS PROPOSAL. The Board’s   flexibility to determine the appropriate Board leadership structure is   essential. One of the most important tasks   undertaken by a board is to select the leadership of the board and the   company. In order to execute this critical function most effectively and in   the best interests of the stockholders, a board must maintain the flexibility   to determine the appropriate leadership in light of the circumstances at a   given time. Because one size does not fit all situations, your Board has   altered its structure at various times in response to the particular   circumstances at that time. For example, your Board split the Chairman and   CEO roles during previous CEO transitions. These seamless and successful   leadership transitions have served as a model for public company succession   planning. Limiting the candidate pool as suggested by the proponent will   inhibit the ability of the Board to exercise its fiduciary obligation to   identify the best leadership for IBM. The Company’s Lead   Director role is robust and ensures effective independent oversight at all   times. An essential part of our current   independent leadership structure is the Lead Director position, recently   renamed from Presiding Director based on communication with our investors, to   more clearly communicate the scope and importance of this role. After a   rigorous review that occurs at least annually by the Directors and Corporate   Governance Committee and the Board, the Lead Director is elected by the   independent members of the Board on an annual basis. The Lead Director has   the following robust and meaningful responsibilities serving to ensure a   strong, independent, and active Board by enhancing the contributions of IBM’s   independent directors. In particular, the Lead Director: · presides at all meetings of the Board at   which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the   independent directors, which are held at every meeting of the Board; · serves as liaison between the Chairman and   the independent directors; · approves information sent to the Board; · in collaboration with the Chairman, creates   and approves meeting agendas for the Board; · approves meeting schedules to assure that   there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; · has authority to call meetings of the   independent directors; and · if requested by major stockholders, ensures   that he or she is available, as necessary after discussions with the   Chairman, for consultation and direct communication. In addition   to these core responsibilities, the Lead Director engages in other regular   activities including: · one-on-one debriefs with the Chairman after   each meeting; · spending time with senior management outside   of Board meetings to ensure a deep understanding of the business and strategy   of the Company; and · attending certain other committee meetings in   addition to the committee that he chairs. IBM’s current leadership   structure is optimal for the Company at this time. The Directors and Corporate Governance   Committee and the Board continuously evaluate the appropriate leadership   structure for IBM. After its most recent review, in consideration of the   strength of its independent Board and corporate governance practices, the   full Board has determined that the existing board leadership structure of   having a single individual serve as the Chairman and CEO, alongside a robust   and independent Lead Director best serves the needs of the Company and the   stockholders at this time. Among other factors, the Board considered and   evaluated: · the importance of consistent, unified   leadership to execute and oversee the Company’s strategy; · the strength of Mrs. Rometty’s character   and the quality of her leadership; 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Stockholder   Proposals 79 · the strong and highly independent composition   of the Board, with all directors except Mrs. Rometty being independent; · the views and feedback heard from our   investors through our ongoing engagement program throughout the years   expressing support for IBM’s leadership structure; and · the meaningful and robust responsibilities of   the independent Lead Director, as discussed above. The Board strongly believes that the   current structure strikes the right balance of allowing our Chairman and CEO   to promote a clear, unified vision for the Company’s strategy and to provide   the leadership critical for effectively and efficiently implementing the   actions needed to ensure strong performance over the long term, while   ensuring robust, independent oversight by the Board and Lead Director. IBM’s strong,   independent Board and commitment to good corporate governance adds further   support to the Board leadership structure. Continued enhancement of the Lead   Director position is just one example of IBM’s ongoing commitment to strong   corporate governance. Independent directors comprise more than 90% of the   Board and 100% of the Audit, Directors and Corporate Governance, and   Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committees. After each   regularly scheduled Board meeting, both the full Board and the independent   directors of the Board meet in executive session, with the independent   directors’ session chaired by the Lead Director. In addition, the Board has a long   history of proactively responding to stockholder issues, such as implementing   proxy access, a majority voting policy for director elections, and granting   stockholders the power to call a special meeting of stockholders. Most   recently, the Company has been on the forefront of strong governance   practices as a signatory to the Commonsense Principles 2.0, bringing the   company and investor viewpoints on critical governance matters together. The   Company also endorses the Investor Stewardship Group’s principles on   corporate governance to promote strong governance practices. In contrast to the exemplary   performance and quality of the IBM Board over the years, the proponent   provides no evidence demonstrating that separating the roles of Chairman and   CEO at IBM would result in enhanced oversight, let alone increased value for   IBM stockholders. Additionally, this proposal has been rejected by a majority   of shareholder votes each time it has been voted on by IBM stockholders. In   light of this total lack of empirical support, IBM’s strong and   independent Board, the Lead Director’s robust responsibilities and, most   importantly, the support of our structure by our stockholders, this   stockholder proposal is both inappropriate and unnecessary. We believe that stockholders benefit   when the Board can select the best candidates to run IBM at a given time. THEREFORE, THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS   PROPOSAL. 80 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Stockholder   Proposals Frequently Asked Questions 1. What is a   “stockholder of record”? A   stockholder of record or registered stockholder (“record owner”) is a   stockholder whose ownership of IBM stock is reflected directly on the books   and records of our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. If you   hold IBM stock through a bank, broker or other intermediary, you are not a   stockholder of record. Instead, you hold your stock in “street name,” and the   record owner of your shares is usually your bank, broker or other   intermediary. If you are not a record owner, please understand that IBM does   not know that you are a stockholder, or how many shares you own. 2. I want to   attend the annual meeting. What procedures must I follow? Admission   to the Annual Meeting will be on a first-come, first-served basis, and an   admission ticket and picture identification will be required to enter the   meeting. Any individual arriving without an admission ticket will not be   admitted to the meeting unless it can be verified that the individual is an   IBM stockholder as of the record date for the meeting. For record owners that received a Proxy Statement by mail: An   admission ticket is attached to the proxy card sent with this Proxy   Statement. For record owners that received a Notice of Internet Availability of   Proxy Materials: Please follow the instructions   provided on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to request   an admission ticket. For holders in street name: Stockholders   holding IBM stock in bank or brokerage accounts can obtain an admission   ticket in advance by sending a written request, along with proof of stock   ownership (such as a brokerage statement) to our transfer agent,   Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 505005, Louisville, KY   40233-5005. If you hold your shares in street name and you wish to vote those   shares at the meeting, you must also request a “legal proxy” directly from   your bank, broker or other intermediary well in advance of the meeting and   bring it to the meeting. Contact your bank, broker or other intermediary for   specific information on how to obtain a legal proxy in order to attend and   vote your shares at the meeting. 3. Are there   specific restrictions on attending the annual meeting, and what I can bring   with me into the meeting? This   is a meeting for stockholders, and security at the meeting is very important.   You will be asked to walk through an electronic screening device before   entering the meeting hall. In addition, cameras, cell phones, recording   equipment and electronic devices will not be permitted to be brought into the   meeting. 4. What is the   “record date” for the annual meeting? March 1,   2019. 5. Which IBM   shares will be entitled to vote at the annual meeting? IBM’s   common stock ($0.20 par value capital stock) is the only class of security   entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each record owner and each   stockholder who holds stock in street name at the close of business as of the   record date is entitled to one vote for each share held at the meeting, or   any adjournment or postponement. 6. Which IBM   shares are included in the proxy card? For record owners: The proxy card covers the number of   shares to be voted in your account as of the record date, including any   shares held for participants in the Computershare CIP (the Direct Stock   Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan) and the IBM Employees Stock Purchase   Plans. For stockholders who are participants in the IBM Stock Fund   investment alternative under the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan: The   card serves as a voting instruction to the Trustee of the plan for IBM shares   held in the IBM Stock Fund as of the record date. For holders in street name: You will receive   a voting instruction form directly from your bank, broker or other   intermediary containing instructions on how you can direct your record holder   to vote your shares. Contact your bank, broker or other intermediary if you   have any questions regarding your IBM stock holdings as of the record date. 7. May I   vote my shares in person at the annual meeting? For record owners: Yes. However, we encourage you to   vote by proxy card, the Internet or by telephone even if you plan to attend   the meeting. If you wish to give a proxy to someone other than the   individuals named as proxies on the proxy card, you may replace the names   appearing on the proxy card with the name of some other person, sign the card   and give the proxy card to that person for use at the meeting. For holders in street name: Yes, but in   order to do so you will first have to ask your bank, broker or other   intermediary to furnish you with a legal proxy. You will need to bring the   legal proxy with you to the meeting, and hand it in with a signed ballot that   you can request at the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at   the meeting without a legal proxy and a signed ballot. 8. Can I vote my   shares without attending the annual meeting? Yes.   Whether or not you attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares   promptly. For record owners: Your shares cannot be voted unless a   signed proxy card is returned, shares are voted using the Internet or the   telephone, or other specific arrangements are made to have your shares   represented at the meeting. You are encouraged to specify your choices by   checking the appropriate boxes on 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Frequently Asked   Questions 81 the proxy card. Shares will be voted   following your written instructions. However, it is not necessary to check   any boxes if you wish to vote in accordance with the Board of Directors’   recommendations; in that case, merely sign, date, and return the proxy card   in the enclosed envelope, or if you received notice of Internet availability   of proxy materials, follow the instructions on how to access the proxy   materials and vote online. You can also vote your shares over   the Internet, or by calling a designated telephone number. These Internet and   telephone voting procedures are designed to authenticate your identity in   order to allow you to provide your voting instructions, and to confirm that   your instructions have been recorded properly. The procedures that have been   put in place are consistent with the requirements of applicable law. Specific   instructions for stockholders of record who wish to use the Internet or   telephone voting procedures are set forth on the proxy card. For participants in   the IBM Stock Fund investment alternative under the IBM 401(k) Plus   Plan: In   order to have the Trustee vote your shares as you direct, you must timely   furnish your voting instructions over the Internet or by telephone by 12:01   a.m. EDT on April 29, 2019, or otherwise ensure that your card is   signed, returned, and received by such time and date. If instructions are not   received over the Internet or by telephone by 12:01 a.m. EDT on   April 29, 2019, or if the signed card is not returned and received by   such time and date, the IBM shares in the IBM Stock Fund under the IBM   401(k) Plus Plan will be voted by the Trustee in proportion to the   shares for which the Trustee timely receives voting instructions, provided   the Trustee determines such vote is consistent with its fiduciary duties   under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. For holders in   street name: You must timely deliver your voting instructions to your   respective bank, broker or other intermediary, following the specific   instructions that have been provided to you by your bank, broker or other   intermediary. 9. May I change or revoke my proxy? For record owners: Yes. A proxy may   be revoked at any time prior to the voting at the meeting by submitting a   later-dated proxy (including a proxy via the Internet or by telephone) or by   giving timely written notice of revocation to the Secretary of IBM. For holders in street name: Yes.   You must follow the specific voting directions provided to you by your bank,   broker or other intermediary to change or revoke any instructions you have   already provided to your bank, broker or other intermediary. 10.   How can I contact IBM’s transfer agent? Contact our transfer agent either by   writing Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 505005, Louisville,   KY 40233-5005, or by telephoning 888-IBM-6700 (outside the United States,   Canada, and Puerto Rico 781-575-2727). 11.   Other than the items in the proxy statement, what other items of business   will be addressed at the annual meeting? Management   knows of no other matters that may be properly presented at the meeting. If   other proper matters are introduced at the meeting, the individuals named as   proxies on the proxy card are also authorized to vote upon those matters   utilizing their own discretion. 12.   During the question period at the annual meeting, what topics will be   discussed? This   part of the meeting is for stockholders to ask questions to the Chairman   about Company matters. It is not the appropriate forum to raise personal   grievances. 13. I   understand that a “quorum” of stockholders is required in order for IBM to   transact business at the annual meeting. What constitutes a quorum? A   majority of all “outstanding” shares of common stock having voting power, in   person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote, constitutes a quorum for   the transaction of business at the meeting. 14.   How many shares of IBM stock are “outstanding”? As of February 8, 2019, there   were 889,866,256 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to be voted. 15.   What is the voting requirement for electing IBM’s directors? To   be elected in an uncontested election, each director must receive a majority   of the votes cast. In a contested election, a nominee receiving a plurality   of the votes cast at such election shall be elected. 16.   What is “broker discretionary voting”? This   refers to the NYSE rule allowing brokers to vote their customers’ shares   on certain “routine” matters in the Proxy Statement at the brokers’   discretion when they have not received timely voting instructions from their   customers. The NYSE rules on broker discretionary voting prohibit banks,   brokers, and other intermediaries from voting uninstructed shares on certain   matters, including the election of directors. Therefore, if you hold your   stock in street name and you do not instruct your bank, broker or other   intermediary how to vote in the election of directors, no votes will be cast   on your behalf. It is important that you cast your vote. 82 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting &   Proxy Statement     | Frequently Asked Questions 17.   Are abstentions and broker non-votes counted as votes cast? No. Under   the laws of New York State, IBM’s state of incorporation, “votes cast”   at a meeting of stockholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote are   determinative of the outcome of the matter subject to vote. Abstentions and   broker non-votes will not be considered “votes cast” based on current New   York State law requirements and IBM’s certificate of incorporation and   by-laws. 18.   Assuming there is a proper quorum of shares represented at the meeting, how   many shares are required to approve the proposals being voted upon in this   proxy statement? The   table below reflects the vote required in accordance with the laws of New   York State: 22.   How do I submit a proposal for inclusion in IBM’s 2020 proxy material? Stockholder   proposals may be submitted for IBM’s 2020 proxy material after the 2019 Annual   Meeting and must be received at our corporate headquarters no later than   November 12, 2019. Proposals should be sent via registered, certified or   express mail to: Office of the Secretary, International Business Machines   Corporation, 1 New Orchard Road, Mail Drop 301, Armonk, NY 10504. Management   carefully considers all proposals and suggestions from stockholders. When   adoption is clearly in the best interest of IBM and stockholders, and can be   accomplished without stockholder approval, the proposal is implemented   without inclusion in the Proxy Statement. Examples of stockholder proposals   and suggestions that have been adopted over the years include stockholder   ratification of the appointment of an independent registered public   accounting firm, improved procedures involving dividend checks and   stockholder publications, and changes or additions to the proxy materials   concerning matters like abstentions from voting, appointment of alternative   proxy, inclusion of a table of contents, proponent disclosure and secrecy of   stockholder voting. 23.   How do I submit an item of business for the 2020 annual meeting? Stockholders   who intend to present an item of business at the 2020 Annual Meeting of   Stockholders (other than a proposal submitted for inclusion in IBM’s Proxy   Statement), including nominations for election to the Board of Directors   pursuant to the Company’s proxy access by-law provision, must provide notice   of such business to IBM’s Secretary no earlier than October 13, 2019 and   no later than November 12, 2019, as set forth more fully in, and in   compliance with, IBM’s by-laws. 24.   I did not receive a copy of the annual report. How can I get one? Stockholders   of record who did not receive an IBM Annual Report or who previously elected   not to receive one for a specific account may request that IBM mail its   Annual Report to that account by writing to our transfer agent, Computershare   Trust Company, N.A. (address and phone number in Question 10 above). If you   are not a stockholder of record and did not receive an Annual Report from   your bank, broker or other intermediary, you must contact your bank, broker   or other intermediary directly. Proposal Vote required Do abstentions count as votes cast? Is broker discretionary voting allowed? Election   of Directors Majority of votes cast No No Ratification   of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Majority of votes cast No Yes Management   Proposal on Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation* Majority of votes cast No No Approval   of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for Certain Executives for Awards   Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the   Internal Revenue Code Majority of votes cast No No Stockholder   Proposals* Majority of votes cast No No *Advisory and non-binding 19. Who tabulates the votes? Votes   are counted by employees of Computershare Trust Company, N.A., IBM’s   transfer agent and registrar, and certified by the Inspectors of Election   (who are employees of IVS Associates, Inc.). 20.   Where can I find the voting results of the annual meeting? IBM   intends to publish the final voting results on its website and will disclose   the final voting results on a Form 8-K shortly after the Annual Meeting. 21. Will my votes be confidential? Yes.   All stockholder meeting proxies, ballots, and tabulations that identify   individual stockholders are kept confidential and are not available for   examination. In addition, the identity or the vote of any stockholder is not   disclosed except as required by law. 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Frequently Asked   Questions 83 25.   What is “householding” and does IBM do this? Householding   is a procedure approved by the SEC under which stockholders who have the same   address and last name and do not participate in electronic delivery of proxy   materials will receive only one copy of a company’s proxy statement and   annual report from a company, bank, broker or other intermediary, unless one   or more of these stockholders notifies the company, bank, broker or other   intermediary that they wish to continue to receive individual copies. At the   present time, IBM does not “household” for any of our stockholders of   record. However, as explained below, your bank, broker or other intermediary   may be householding your account if you hold your shares in street name. 26. If   I am a holder in street name, how may I obtain a separate set of proxy   materials? If   you hold shares in street name, your bank, broker or other intermediary may   be delivering only one copy of our Proxy Statement and the IBM Annual Report   to multiple stockholders of the same household who share the same address,   and may continue to do so, unless your bank, broker or other intermediary has   received contrary instructions from one or more of the affected stockholders   in the household. If you are such a beneficial holder, contact your bank,   broker or other intermediary directly in order to receive a separate set of   our proxy materials. 27.   Members of our household own IBM shares through a number of different   brokerage firms. Will we continue to receive multiple sets of materials? Yes.   If you and others sharing a single address hold IBM shares through multiple   brokers, you will continue to receive at least one set of proxy materials   from each broker. 28. I   received a notice of internet availability of proxy materials. What does this   mean? Consistent   with common practice and in accordance with SEC rules, IBM is   distributing proxy materials to some stockholders over the Internet by   sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that explains   how to access our proxy materials and vote online. If you received a notice   and would like a printed copy of the proxy materials (including the Annual   Report, Proxy Statement and a proxy card in the case of record owners, or a   voting instruction form in the case of stockholders holding shares in street   name), please follow the instructions included in your notice. 29. I received my proxy materials in hard   copy. How may I arrange to receive them electronically? To   enroll for electronic delivery, go to our Investor Relations website at http://www.ibm.com/investor/ and select “Stockholder services,”   scroll down to “Consent for materials online,” click on either “if you own   stock directly in your name” or “if you own stock beneficially through a   brokerage account,” and follow the instructions to enroll. 30. I previously consented to receive   electronic delivery of my proxy materials. Can you send me a hard copy of   these proxy materials? For record owners: We   will deliver promptly, upon written or oral request, a separate copy of these   proxy materials. Contact our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company,   N.A. (address and phone number in Question 10 above). For holders in street name: You   must contact your bank, broker or other intermediary to receive copies of   these materials. 31. Who is making this proxy solicitation and   approximately how much will these solicitation activities cost? Solicitation   of proxies is being made by IBM through the mail, in person and by   telecommunications. The cost of this solicitation will be borne by IBM. In   addition, management has retained Morrow Sodali LLC, to assist in soliciting   proxies for a fee of approximately $45,000, plus reasonable out-of-pocket   expenses. Christina M. Montgomery Vice President and Secretary March 11, 2019 84 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting &   Proxy Statement     | Frequently Asked Questions Appendix A –   Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliations The rationale for management’s use of   non-GAAP information in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Proxy Statement   is as follows: Operating   (non-GAAP) Earnings Per Share and Related Income Statement Items In an effort to provide better transparency   into the operational results of the business, the company separates business   results into operating and non-operating categories. Operating earnings from   continuing operations is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the effects of   certain acquisition-related charges, intangible asset amortization expense   resulting from basis differences on equity method investments, retirement-related   costs, and discontinued operations and their related tax impacts. Due to the   unique, non-recurring nature of the enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs   Act (“U.S. tax reform”), the company characterizes the one-time provisional   charge recorded in the fourth-quarter 2017 and all 2018 adjustments to that   charge as non-operating. Adjustments include true-ups, accounting elections,   any changes to regulations, laws, audit adjustments, etc., that affect   the recorded one-time charge. For acquisitions, operating (non-GAAP) earnings   excludes the amortization of purchased intangible assets and   acquisition-related charges such as in-process research and development,   transaction costs, applicable restructuring and related expenses, tax charges   related to acquisition integration and pre-closing charges. For the 2019   Operating (non-GAAP) earnings per share expectation, acquisition-related   charges associated with the Red Hat acquisition excludes pre-closing charges,   such as financing costs. These charges are excluded as they may be   inconsistent in amount and timing from period to period and are dependent on   the size, type, and frequency of the company’s acquisitions. All other   spending for acquired companies is included in both earnings from continuing   operations and in operating (non-GAAP) earnings. For retirement-related   costs, the company characterizes certain items as operating and others as   non-operating. The company includes defined benefit plan and nonpension   postretirement benefit plan service costs, multi-employer plan costs and the   cost of defined contribution plans in operating earnings. Non-operating   retirement-related costs include defined benefit plan and nonpension   postretirement benefit plan amortization of prior service costs, interest cost,   expected return on plan assets, amortized actuarial gains/losses, the impacts   of any plan curtailments/settlements and pension insolvency costs and other   costs. Non-operating retirement-related costs are primarily related to   changes in pension plan assets and liabilities which are tied to financial   market performance, and the company considers these costs to be outside of   the operational performance of the business. Overall, the company believes that   providing investors with a view of operating earnings as described above   provides increased transparency and clarity into both the operational results   of the business and the performance of the company’s pension plans; improves   visibility to management decisions and their impacts on operational   performance; enables better comparison to peer companies; and allows the   company to provide a long-term strategic view of the business going forward.   The company’s reportable segment financial results reflect operating earnings   from continuing operations, consistent with the company’s management and   measurement system. Free   Cash Flow The company uses free cash flow as a   measure to evaluate its operating results, plan share repurchase levels,   strategic investments and assess its ability and need to incur and service debt.   The entire free cash flow amount is not necessarily available for   discretionary expenditures. The company defines free cash flow as net cash   from operating activities less the change in Global Financing receivables and   net capital expenditures, including the investment in software. A key   objective of the Global Financing business is to generate strong returns on   equity, and increasing receivables is the basis for growth. Accordingly,   management considers Global Financing receivables as a profit-generating   investment, not as working capital that should be minimized for efficiency.   Therefore, management includes presentations of both free cash flow and net   cash from operating activities that exclude the effect of Global Financing   receivables. Free cash flow guidance is derived using an estimate of profit,   working capital and operational cash outflows. Since the company views Global   Financing receivables as a profit-generating investment which it seeks to   maximize, it is not considered when formulating guidance for free cash flow.   As a result the company does not estimate a GAAP Net Cash from Operations   expectation metric. Constant   Currency When the company refers to growth rates at   constant currency or adjusts such growth rates for currency, it is done so   that certain financial results can be viewed without the impact of   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating   period-to-period comparisons of its business performance. Financial results   adjusted for currency are calculated by translating current period activity   in local currency using the comparable prior year period’s currency   conversion rate. This approach is used for countries where the functional   currency is the local currency. Generally, when the dollar either strengthens   or weakens against other currencies, the growth at constant currency rates or   adjusting for currency will be higher or lower than growth reported at actual   exchange rates. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Appendix A – Non-GAAP Financial   Information and Reconciliations 85 The   tables below provide reconciliations of the Company’s income statement   results as reported under GAAP to its operating earnings presentation, which   is a non-GAAP measure. Acquisition- Retirement- Tax ($ in millions except per share amount) Related Related Reform Operating For the year ended December 31, 2018 GAAP Adjustments Adjustments Impacts (Non-GAAP) Gross Profit $36,936 $372 – – $37,307 Gross Profit Margin 46.4% 0.5Pts - Pts - Pts 46.9% S,G&A 19,366 (451 ) – – 18,915 R,D&E 5,379 – – – 5,379 Other (Income) & Expense 1,152 (2 ) (1,572 ) – (422 ) Total Expense & Other (Income) 25,594 (453 ) (1,572 ) – 23,569 Pre-tax Income from Continuing Operations 11,342 824 1,572 – 13,739 Pre-tax Income Margin from Continuing Operations 14.3% 1.0Pts 2.0Pts - Pts 17.3% Provision for Income Taxes* 2,619 176 324 (2,037 ) 1,082 Effective Tax Rate 23.1% (0.1)Pts (0.3)Pts (14.8)Pts 7.9% Income from Continuing Operations 8,723 649 1,248 2,037 12,657 Income Margin from Continuing Operations 11.0% 0.8Pts 1.6Pts 2.6Pts 15.9% Diluted Earnings Per Share: Continuing   Operations $9.51 $0.71 $1.36 $2.23 $13.81 *The tax impact on operating (non-GAAP) pre-tax income   is calculated under the same accounting principles applied to the GAAP   pre-tax income which employs an annual effective tax rate method to the   results. Acquisition- Retirement- Tax ($ in millions except per share amount) Related Related Reform Operating For the year ended December 31, 2017 GAAP ** Adjustments Adjustments ** Impacts (Non-GAAP) ** Gross Profit $36,943 $449 – – $37,392 Gross Profit Margin 46.7% 0.6Pts - Pts - Pts 47.2% S,G&A 19,680 (509 ) – – 19,170 R,D&E 5,590 – – – 5,590 Other (Income) & Expense 1,125 (39 ) (1,341 ) – (255 ) Total Expense & Other (Income) 25,543 (548 ) (1,341 ) – 23,654 Pre-tax Income from Continuing Operations 11,400 997 1,341 – 13,738 Pre-tax Income Margin from Continuing Operations 14.4% 1.3Pts 1.7Pts - Pts 17.4% Provision for Income Taxes* 5,642 279 485 (5,475 ) 931 Effective Tax Rate 49.5% (1.6)Pts (1.3)Pts (39.9)Pts 6.8% Income from Continuing Operations 5,758 718 856 5,475 12,807 Income Margin from Continuing Operations 7.3% 0.9Pts 1.1Pts 6.9Pts 16.2% Diluted Earnings Per Share: Continuing   Operations $6.14 $0.77 $0.91 $5.84 $13.66 *The tax impact on operating (non-GAAP)   pre-tax income is calculated under the same accounting principles applied to   the GAAP pre-tax income which employs an annual effective tax rate method to   the results. **Recast to   reflect adoption of the FASB guidance on presentation of net periodic pension   and nonpension postretirement benefit costs, resulting in a decrease of $0.14   to operating earnings per share. 86 2019   Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement     | Appendix A – Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliations ($ in millions except per share amount) For the year ended December 31, 2016 GAAP** Acquisition- Related Adjustments Retirement- Related Adjustments** Operating (Non-GAAP)** Gross Profit $38,516 $494 – $39,010 Gross Profit   Margin 48.2% 0.6Pts - Pts 48.8% S,G&A 20,869 (501) – 20,368 R,D&E 5,726 – – 5,726 Other   (Income) & Expense 593 (7) (448) 138 Total   Expense & Other (Income) 26,186 (508) (448) 25,230 Pre-tax Income   from Continuing Operations 12,330 1,003 448 13,780 Pre-tax Income   Margin from Continuing Operations 15.4% 1.3Pts 0.6Pts 17.2% Provision for   Income Taxes* 449 268 183 900 Effective Tax   Rate 3.6% 1.7Pts 1.2Pts 6.5% Income from   Continuing Operations 11,881 735 265 12,880 Income Margin   from Continuing Operations 14.9% 0.9Pts 0.3Pts 16.1% Diluted Earnings   Per Share: Continuing Operations $12.39 $0.77 $0.28 $13.44 * The tax impact on operating   (non-GAAP) pre-tax income is calculated under the same accounting principles   applied to the GAAP pre-tax income which employs an annual effective tax rate   method to the results. ** Recast to reflect adoption of the   FASB guidance on presentation of net periodic pension and nonpension   postretirement benefit costs, resulting in a decrease of $0.15 to operating   earnings per share. The table below provides a reconciliation   of IBM’s net cash from operating activities as reported under GAAP to its   free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure. ($ in billions) For the year ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Net cash from   operating activities per GAAP $15.2 $16.7 $17.1*** Less: the change in Global   Financing receivables (0.3) 0.4 1.7 Net cash from   operating activities, excluding Global Financing receivables 15.6 16.3 15.4*** Capital expenditures, net (3.7) (3.3) (3.7) Free Cash Flow 11.9 13.0 11.7*** Acquisitions (0.1) (0.5) (5.7) Divestitures – (0.2) (0.5) Share Repurchase (4.4) (4.3) (3.5) Common stock repurchases for   tax withholdings (0.2) (0.2) (0.1)*** Dividends (5.7) (5.5) (5.3) Non-Global Financing debt (0.5) 1.1 1.3 Other (includes Global   Financing receivables and Global Financing debt) (1.6) 0.8* 2.4* Change in cash,   cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities $(0.6) $4.1* $0.4* FCF as percent of   Income from Continuing Operations 136%** 226%** 98%*** * Recast to reflect adoption of the FASB guidance   on restricted cash. ** 111% in 2018 excluding charges of $2.0   billion, and 116% in 2017 excluding the charge of $5.5 billion associated   with the enactment of U.S. tax reform. *** Reclassified to reflect adoption of   the FASB guidance on stock-based compensation of $0.1 billion for the year   ended December 31, 2016. 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement | Appendix A – Non-GAAP Financial Information and   Reconciliations 87 88 Corporate Responsibility &   Sustainability at IBM Under the guidance and supervision of the Board, IBM   pursues the highest standards of corporate responsibility and sustainability,   from how we support, protect, and empower our employees, to how we work with   our clients, to how we govern the Company and connect to our communities. Over 40 years of demonstrated   environmental leadership Environment · Energy consumption decreased in 2017 by 6.5% year-to-year   as a result of operational improvements, conservation projects and the   implementation of standard, global energy conservation strategies at IBM   facilities · 1st and only company to win the Climate Leadership Award   (from The Climate Registry and the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions) 6   times in the program’s 7-year tenure A smarter, responsible supply chain Supply Chain · Recognized leader with over 13,000 supplier locations   worldwide and 50 years of growing the diversity of the supply chain · Requires direct suppliers of goods and services to comply   with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct Building an inclusive and diverse   workforce IBMer · Recognized global leader in workplace diversity,   inclusion, and equality · 2018 Catalyst Award for leadership in building a workplace   that values diversity and inclusion. IBM was the only tech company recognized   in 2018 and the only company honored for the 4th time · Working Mother Media 2018 Awards: Top Ten Companies for   Working Mothers; Top Five Best Companies for Multicultural Women; and Best   Companies for Dads · Perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate   Equality Index for 15 consecutive years · Expansive family support options including paid leave for   new birth mothers of up to 20 weeks, and 12 weeks for fathers, partners, and   adoptive parents · IBMers spent nearly 24 million hours on internal   professional education in 2018 Leveraging IBM’s technology and expertise   to create solutions Citizenship · Leading the way in public education reform and addressing   the global skills gap through the creation of the Pathways in Technology   Early College High Schools (P-TECH) model, which integrates high school and   college coursework, as well as workplace opportunities; by the end of 2019,   we anticipate the growing network will encompass 200 schools in at least 11   U.S. states and 13 countries, with 600+ Industry Partners participating · Teacher Advisor With Watson reached more than 13,000 K-8   educators in the U.S., leveraging cognitive computing to improve math   instruction and the support given to students with learning disabilities · Global industry recognition including: · CR Magazine 100 Best Corporate Citizens · Forbes Just 100 America’s Best Corporate Citizens · Points of Light The Civic 50 A   comprehensive look at all of IBM’s corporate responsibility policies,   practices, and programs can be found at https://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/. A comprehensive look at IBM’s contributions to the U.N. Sustainable   Development Goals can be found at https://www.ibm.com/ibm/environment/news/ibm_unsdgs_2018.pdf 89 MMMMMMMMMMMM   Admission Ticket MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM C123456789 000004 000000000.000000 ext   000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext   000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext ENDORSEMENT_LINE______________   SACKPACK_____________ Electronic Voting Instructions Instead of mailing your   proxy, you may choose one of the two voting methods outlined below to vote.   If you vote by telephone or the Internet, please DO NOT mail back this proxy   card. MR A SAMPLE DESIGNATION (IF ANY) ADD 1 ADD 2 ADD 3 ADD 4 ADD 5 ADD 6   Vote by Internet • Log on to: www.ibm.com/investor/vote Vote by telephone •   Within USA, US territories & Canada, call toll-free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683)   on a touch tone telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call. • Outside   USA, US territories & Canada, call 1-781-575-2300 on a touch tone   telephone. Standard rates will apply. • Follow the instructions provided by   the recorded message. Mark your votes with an X as shown in this example.   Please do not write outside the designated areas. 1234 5678 9012 345 q IF YOU   HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION,   DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q PROXY/VOTING   INSTRUCTION CARD SIGNED PROXIES RETURNED WITHOUT SPECIFIC VOTING DIRECTIONS   WILL BE VOTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ RECOMMENDATIONS. +   IBM’s Directors recommend a vote FOR each director (please mark your vote for   each director separately). 1. Election of Directors for a Term of One Year   For Against Abstain For Against Abstain For Against Abstain For Against   Abstain 01 - M. L. Eskew 02 - D. N. Farr 03 - A. Gorsky 04 - M. Howard 05 -   S. A. Jackson 06 - A. N. Liveris 07 - M. E. Pollack 08 - V. M. Rometty 09 -   J. R. Swedish 10 - S. Taurel 11 - P. R. Voser 12 - F. H. Waddell IBM’s   Directors recommend a vote FOR Proposals 2, 3 and 4. For Against Abstain For   Against Abstain For Against Abstain 2. Ratification of Appointment of   Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 3. Advisory Vote on Executive   Compensation 4. Approval of Long-Term Incentive Performance Terms for Certain   Executives for Awards Eligible for Transitional Relief Pursuant to Section   162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code IBM’s Directors recommend a vote AGAINST   Proposals 5 and 6. ForAgainst Abstain ForAgainst Abstain 5. Stockholder   Proposal on the Right to Act by Written Consent 6. Stockholder Proposal to   Have an Independent Board Chairman MMMMMMMC 1234567890 J N T 2 1 1 2 MR A   SAMPLE (THIS AREA IS SET UP TO ACCOMMODATE 140 CHARACTERS) MR A SAMPLE AND MR   A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND   MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND + 1 U P X4 1 002CSP0094 02Z7JG MMMMMMMMM C B   A X IMPORTANT ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION . Annual   Meeting Admission Ticket This is your admission ticket for the Annual Meeting   of Stockholders to be held on Tuesday, April 30, 2019, at 10 a.m. at the   Charleston Area Convention Center, 5000 Coliseum Drive, North Charleston,   South Carolina 29418. Stockholders must have a ticket for admission to the   meeting. This ticket is issued to the stockholder whose name appears on it   and is non-transferable. PLEASE DETACH AND PRESENT THIS TICKET AND PHOTO   IDENTIFICATION FOR ADMISSION TO THE ANNUAL MEETING. CAMERAS, CELLULAR PHONES,   RECORDING EQUIPMENT AND OTHER ELECTRONIC DEVICES WILL NOT BE PERMITTED AT THE   MEETING. Dear IBM Stockholder: Your vote is important. Please read both sides   of the attached 2019 IBM Proxy/Voting Instruction Card. You can vote your   shares through the Internet, by telephone, or by marking, signing and   returning your card. If you vote through the Internet or by telephone, there   is no need to mail your card. You are invited to attend the Annual Meeting of   Stockholders on Tuesday, April 30, 2019, at 10 a.m. at the Charleston Area   Convention Center, 5000 Coliseum Drive, North Charleston, South Carolina   29418. If you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you should either mark the   box provided below on the proxy card, or signify your intention to attend   when you access the Internet or telephone voting system. We urge you to vote   your shares. Thank you very much for your cooperation and continued loyalty   as an IBM Stockholder. Christina M. Montgomery Vice President and Secretary q   IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE   PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q   + Proxy Solicited by the Board of Directors for the Annual Meeting of   Stockholders — April 30, 2019 Virginia M. Rometty, James J. Kavanaugh,   Michelle H. Browdy and Christina M. Montgomery, or any of them with the power   of substitution, are hereby appointed Proxies of the undersigned to vote all   common stock of International Business Machines Corporation owned on the   record date by the undersigned at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be   held at the Charleston Area Convention Center, 5000 Coliseum Drive, North   Charleston, South Carolina 29418, at 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 30, 2019, or   any adjournment or postponement thereof. THE PROXIES WILL VOTE USING THE   DIRECTIONS PROVIDED ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS CARD. IF YOU SIGN AND RETURN   THIS PROXY, BUT DO NOT PROVIDE SPECIFIC DIRECTION WITH RESPECT TO A VOTING   ITEM, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ITEM AS RECOMMENDED BY   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. THE PROXIES ARE ALSO AUTHORIZED TO VOTE UPON ALL   OTHER MATTERS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE MEETING, OR ANY ADJOURNMENT OR   POSTPONEMENT THEREOF, UTILIZING THEIR OWN DISCRETION AS SET FORTH IN THE   NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING AND PROXY STATEMENT. THIS CARD WILL ALSO BE   USED TO PROVIDE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS TO THE TRUSTEE FOR ANY SHARES OF COMMON   STOCK OF INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION HELD IN THE IBM STOCK   FUND INVESTMENT ALTERNATIVE UNDER THE IBM 401(k) PLUS PLAN ON THE RECORD   DATE, AS SET FORTH IN THE NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING AND PROXY STATEMENT.   UNLESS YOU USE THE INTERNET OR THE TELEPHONE TO VOTE YOUR SHARES, YOU MUST   SIGN AND RETURN THIS PROXY IN ORDER FOR YOUR SHARES TO BE VOTED. (Shares will   be voted as directed if this card is: 1. signed and returned or 2. shares are   voted over the Internet or by telephone or 3. other specific arrangements are   made to have the shares represented at the meeting.) Please date and sign   below, and return this card in the enclosed envelope, or you may vote by   using the Internet or telephone. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below.   Signature(s) — Please keep signature(s) within the box. + IF VOTING BY MAIL,   YOU MUST DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THIS CARD. D Mark the box if you plan to   attend the Annual Meeting.