DEF 14A 1 vtr3838031-def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section
14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) ☑ Filed by the Registrant ☐ Filed by a Party other
      than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only
      (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☑ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Under Rule
    14a-12 Ventas, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its
Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy
Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK THE APPROPRIATE
      BOX): ☑ No fee
  required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules
      14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 1)
      Title of each class of securities to which transaction
  applies: 2)
      Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 3)
      Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
      pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the
      filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): 4)
      Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 5) Total fee paid: ☐ Fee paid previously with
      preliminary materials: ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is
      offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing
      for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous
      filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the
      date of its filing. 1)
      Amount previously paid: 2)
      Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: 3)
      Filing Party: 4) Date
Filed: Table of Contents Proxy Statement for 2021 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders Table of Contents SUSTAINED EXCELLENCE LONG-TERM OUTPERFORMANCE As the premier healthcare real estate investment trust and capital
partner, Ventas stands as an exemplar of sustained excellence, delivering consistent value, fostering exceptional partnerships
and supporting best-in-class development and growth. Table of Contents Letter
    to Ventas Stockholders Dear Fellow Stockholder, On behalf of our Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the
2021 Ventas Proxy Statement and to invite you to join our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 25, 2021. This year’s Annual
Meeting will be held virtually in order to continue our focus on health and safety during the COVID-19 pandemic. We began 2020 with great momentum but, by this time last year,
the COVID-19 pandemic had already begun to impact the world and our business. I am incredibly proud of how our team responded to
the crisis, leveraging our experience and demonstrating resilience, agility and focused determination. Our swift and decisive actions,
coupled with our diversified portfolio, ensured our financial strength and stability, which enabled us to protect the Company and
its stakeholders, while also progressing our strategic priorities during a tumultuous period. Whether it was our essential workers who “cared for the
caregivers” by keeping our medical office buildings open, our information technology department who made sure we stayed connected,
our human resources professionals who supported and engaged our employees, our investments team who found creative ways to grow
our business, our asset managers who interfaced with and assisted tenants and care providers or our finance and legal departments
who communicated transparently with stakeholders and kept our balance sheet and liquidity strong, the Ventas team showed what it
was made of in 2020. Our foremost priority throughout the pandemic has been the health
and safety of our employees, the residents and caregivers in our senior living communities and the doctors, patients and researchers
who work in and visit our medical office buildings, hospitals and other properties. We have found ways to contribute to our providers’
efforts, including by leading the senior housing industry in testing residents in our senior housing communities, proactively sourcing
personal protective equipment for our tenants, operators and partners and developing online resources to share information with
our partners. The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted our financial performance
and there is considerable uncertainty regarding its continued impact, particularly on our senior housing business. However, our
disciplined, consistent diversification strategy benefited us, with our medical office, healthcare and Canadian senior housing
business performing well. And we see significant embedded upside in our senior housing portfolio in the years ahead, with the 80-and-over
population projected to grow from under 13 million individuals today to nearly 20 million in 2030. During the year, we continued to allocate capital to our preferred
asset classes and markets and expand our franchise. Our life science, research & innovation business, which we entered
in 2016, has been growing rapidly. As we ambitiously expand this value creating business, we closed two significant acquisitions
in the past year. We now have a valuable portfolio that exceeds 9 million square feet located on the campuses of leading research
universities and in 3 of the top 5 life science clusters. In 2020, we established Ventas Investment Management, or VIM,
our institutional third-party asset management platform. VIM, which already has $3.7 billion in assets under management, enables
us to diversify our capital sources, expand our investment capacity and generate additional revenue sources. VIM includes our Ventas
Life Science & Health Care Real Estate Fund and our research & innovation development joint venture with GIC,
both of which were formed in 2020. Our ability to attract global institutional capital demonstrates the strength of our franchise
and expertise of our team, as well as the attractiveness and value of our asset classes. We have always considered our Board of Directors to be a competitive
differentiator. Our Board has weathered the COVID-19 crisis with us, providing valuable guidance, insight and oversight throughout
the year. We are delighted that two accomplished executives, Marguerite M. Nader and Maurice S. Smith, joined our Board in the
last year. These additions continue our Board’s commitment to best-in-class governance, combining continuity with thoughtful
refreshment. The diverse asset classes in our portfolio are united by a common
        theme – that a rapidly aging population will fuel significant demand for our nearly 1,200 sites. Demographically driven real
        estate that serves baby boomers and the 80-and-over population offers compelling growth potential, and Ventas is well positioned
        to benefit from these powerful forces. We intend to motivate our team, harness our diversified portfolio and expand our best-in-class
        relationships to win the COVID-19 recovery for all of our stakeholders. We welcome the opportunity to present you with the information
        in this Proxy Statement. Your vote is important to us, and I encourage you to submit your proxy for this year’s Annual Meeting
        as soon as possible. Sincerely, Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2021 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents Notice
    of 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date & Time Virtual Meeting Record Date Outstanding Shares Tuesday, May 25, 2021 8:00 a.m. Central Time The 2021 Annual Meeting will be conducted as a virtual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 March 31, 2021 On the record date, there were 375,053,524 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting Agenda Board Recommendation Proposal 1: To elect the 11 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR each Director Nominee Proposal 2: To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers FOR Proposal
    3: To ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year FOR To transact such other business as may properly come before the
meeting or any adjournment or postponements thereof. Casting Your Vote Your vote is very important. Please carefully review the proxy
materials for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and follow the instructions below to cast your vote promptly on all voting
matters. By Telephone Call +1 800 690 6903 24 hours a day, seven days a week until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021 By Mail Request, complete and return the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided Via the Internet Visit www.proxyvote.com until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021 During the Virtual Meeting Cast
    your vote at the virtual meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 Participating in the Meeting To promote a safe and healthy experience for our stockholders,
employees and communities, and to encourage communication and enhance participation in the meeting by our stockholders, we have
elected to conduct Ventas’s 2021 Annual Meeting via live webcast as a virtual meeting only. Stockholders of record as of March 31, 2021 will be able to participate
in our 2021 Annual Meeting by visiting our annual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 .
To attend or participate in the meeting, stockholders will need the 16-digit control number included in the Notice of Meeting,
on their proxy card or on the voting instruction form or other instructions they received with their proxy materials. Please see
the “Information About Our 2021 Annual Meeting” section of this Proxy Statement for additional details. By Order of the Board of Directors, Carey S. Roberts Executive Vice President, General Counsel,
Corporate Secretary and Ethics & Compliance Officer April 13, 2021 Chicago, Illinois Important Notice Regarding Internet
Availability of Proxy Materials We are sending this Proxy Statement and making this Proxy
Statement first available on or about April 13, 2021. This Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020 are available via the internet at www.proxyvote.com . ii Table of Contents Table of Contents i Letter
    to Ventas Stockholders ii Notice
    of 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2 Proxy
    Summary 2 2021 Annual Meeting Proposals 3 Our Business & 2020 Performance 6 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance
    Highlights 8 Our Director Nominees 9 Corporate Governance Highlights 10 2020 Executive Compensation Highlights 12 ESG
    Leadership and Recognition 12 ESG Priorities 12 ESG Goals 14 Principles in Practice 15 Corporate
    Governance and Board Matters 15 Proposal
    1: Election of Directors 16 Board Snapshot 17 Board Nominees 25 Director Recruitment, Nomination and
    Succession Planning 28 Our Corporate Governance Framework 31 Board Leadership Structure 32 Board Roles and Responsibilities 35 Committee Information 38 Stockholder Engagement 39 Contacting the Board of Directors 40 Non-Employee Director Compensation 43 Our
    Executive Officers 46 Executive
    Compensation 46 Proposal
    2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 47 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 67 Compensation Committee Report 68 Executive Compensation Tables 77 CEO Pay Ratio 78 Audit
    Matters 78 Proposal
    3: Ratification of Fiscal 2021 Auditor Selection 79 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 79 Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
    Non-Audit Services 80 Audit Committee Report 81 Securities
    Ownership 81 Stock Ownership of Directors, Management
    and Certain Beneficial Owners 83 Additional
    Information 83 Information About Our 2021 Annual Meeting 87 Submission of Stockholder Proposals and
    Other Items for 2022 Annual Meeting 87 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
    Statements A-1 Annex
    A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation 2021 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Proxy Summary This proxy summary highlights information contained elsewhere
in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the
entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2021 Annual Meeting Proposals The proposals stockholders will be asked to vote on at this meeting
are as follows: Board
    Recommendation Page
    Reference Proposal 1: To elect the 11 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders FOR each Director Nominee 15 Proposal
    2: To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers FOR 46 Proposal
    3: To ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year FOR 78 2 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Our Business & 2020 Performance Overview Ventas, an S&P 500 company, operates at the intersection of
two powerful and dynamic industries – healthcare and real estate. As one of the world’s foremost real estate investment
trusts (“REITs”), we use the power of capital and our team’s expertise to unlock the value of real estate, partnering
with leading care providers, developers, research and medical institutions, innovators and healthcare organizations. We have a highly diversified portfolio of senior housing, life
science, research and innovation (“R&I”) and healthcare properties located throughout the United States, Canada
and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2020, we owned or invested in approximately 1,200 properties consisting of: Senior Housing Communities Medical Office Buildings Life Science, Research and Innovation Centers Healthcare Systems and Post-Acute Care 48% of Portfolio* 22% of Portfolio* 8% of Portfolio* 17% of Portfolio* ~60,000 seniors 15,000 providers ~9
    million square feet >6,500 beds >40,000 front-line workers >35 million patient visits annually >15
    top-tier research universities >1.5
    million patient days annually 5
    of top 10 cluster markets * Portfolio percentage based on Annualized Adjusted NOI as of December 31, 2020. Annualized Adjusted NOI is a means of presenting
Ventas’s portfolio composition and is not used to monitor financial performance. For more than 20 years, Ventas has followed a successful, enduring
strategy. Working with industry-leading tenants, operators and partners and supported by a collaborative and experienced team,
we are focused on producing consistent, growing cash flows and superior returns on a strong balance sheet for the benefit of our
stockholders, while maintaining a diversified portfolio of high-quality assets. A SNAPSHOT OF SUCCESS (1) 20+ Years of Operation 20% Compound Annual Total Shareholder Return CAGR since 1999 (2) $30B Enterprise Value BBB+ Credit Rating ~1,200 Properties 27M Square Foot Office Portfolio $3B+ Assets Under Management in the Ventas Investment Management Platform $3B Liquidity (1) Information as of December 31, 2020. (2) Bloomberg, for the period beginning 12/31/1999 and ending 12/31/2020. Ventas stock price adjusted historically for spin-off
    of Care Capital Properties, Inc. (the “Spin-off”) on August 17, 2015. 2021 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Impact of and Response to COVID-19 We began 2020 with strong momentum, delivering financial performance
for the first quarter of 2020 that was ahead of expectations. The COVID-19 pandemic then began to impact the world, our industry
and our business. The rapid spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting public health crisis were accompanied by a historic
increase in unemployment, significant GDP decline, unstable financial markets, widespread government restrictions on commercial
activity and the need to quickly adopt social distancing and other protective measures. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is expected
to continue to have, a significant impact on our business and our tenants, operators and partners, many of whom are on the frontline
of responding to the pandemic by providing care to seniors, patients and other vulnerable members of our communities. A significant portion of our business is in senior housing, an
industry that was particularly hard hit by the pandemic. Other segments of our portfolio were also affected, as healthcare providers
wrestled to respond to the pandemic while facing supply shortages and losses in revenue. Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company’s business and operations included: Over $100 million in COVID-19 related operating costs in our senior housing portfolio in 2020, primarily
    as a result of increased labor, testing and supply costs and the implementation of other safety measures. Nearly 9 percentage point decline in occupancy in our senior housing business year-over-year as communities endeavored
    to keep residents safe. Imposition of bans on or self-imposed deferrals of elective procedures, leading to a significant decrease in income for
    many of our tenants. Cessation or slowdown of development and construction projects for a significant portion of the year. In the face of this extraordinary crisis, our team rose to the
challenge, demonstrating resilience, agility and high productivity while holding firm to our core values of integrity, transparency
and accountability and our commitment to corporate citizenship. Thanks to their efforts, we responded to the COVID-19 pandemic
effectively, protecting the Company and its stakeholders while also making progress on our strategic priorities and finding ways
to grow. Throughout the pandemic, we have consistently prioritized the
health and safety of employees, residents, tenants, operators and partners. Some of the specific actions we took are highlighted
below. Employees Tenants & Operators Industry Implemented
        travel, work and other precautions to maintain health and safety, appropriately flexing throughout the pandemic in response
        to evolving clinical trends Provided
        enhanced COVID-19 related employee benefits Provided
        access to enhanced mental health resources and training programs Led
        senior housing industry in testing residents and frontline staff in the Company’s senior housing communities Proactively
        sourced PPE and testing kits for tenants, operators and partners Developed
        best-in-class online resource center to share information on financial relief availability, PPE resources, testing and
        vaccination with our partners Implemented
        early reporting process to identify, track and understand COVID-19 trends and metrics Served
        as a strong advocate for vulnerable seniors, with the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services ultimately making
        funding from its Provider Relief Fund available to assisted living communities to address the impact of COVID-19 4 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY There is considerable uncertainty regarding the continuing impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, including, in particular, regarding the pace and slope of recovery of our senior housing
business, and the resulting impact on our earnings and credit profile. We have been mindful of this in developing our compensation
programs and evaluating our governance practices. As we move forward, we will work to retain, engage and motivate our talented
employees, and will continue to prioritize the health and safety of employees, residents, tenants, operators and partners and to
serve as a resource for information and best practices. 2020 Performance Highlights Our diverse portfolio, financial strength, experienced team and
committed operating partners enabled the Company to remain strong and stable in 2020. Despite the enormous challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic,
we delivered strong results and continued to advance our strategic growth objectives. We executed on a multi-pronged capital conservation
strategy to mitigate the impact of COVID-19, including reducing our planned capital expenditures and capital commitments and adjusting
the Company’s corporate cost structure. We also: Delivered net income attributable to common stockholders of $1.17 per share, Nareit FFO (1) of $3.37 per share and Normalized FFO (1) per share of $3.32, which represented 90% of the midpoint of our pre-pandemic guidance Ensured financial strength and flexibility throughout the year, ending 2020 with $3 billion in liquidity Recycled capital through the opportunistic disposition of assets and receipt of loan repayments with proceeds approximating $1 billion Proactively addressed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in our senior housing portfolio, announcing mutually beneficial arrangements with multiple tenants, including our two largest NNN senior housing tenants, Brookdale Senior Living and Holiday Retirement Advanced ground-up development of R&I properties containing nearly 1.5 million square feet and continued to expand our footprint with our Canadian partner Le Groupe Maurice, opening nearly 800 new units in two senior housing communities in Quebec Established the Company’s third-party capital platform, Ventas Investment Management (“VIM”), bringing our preexisting and new third-party capital ventures together under one umbrella, including the Ventas Life Science and Healthcare Real Estate Fund, L.P. (the “Ventas LS&HC Fund”), which launched in March 2020, and our R&I development joint venture with GIC, which we formed in October 2020; VIM now has $3.7 billion of assets under management Acquired, through the Ventas LS&HC Fund, a portfolio of three premier life science properties in the South San Francisco life science cluster for $1.0 billion, and completed 10 other acquisitions for an aggregate consideration of approximately $250 million (1) Nareit FFO and Normalized FFO are not calculated according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
    (“GAAP”). Please see Annex A for additional information and a reconciliation to Net Income Attributable to Common
    Stockholders, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 2021 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance
Highlights ESG Priorities Ventas organizes its ESG efforts around the following framework,
which was developed from a materiality assessment that the Company conducted in 2018 using the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”)
Standards. People Performance Planet Talent Attraction & Retention Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Tenant, Resident & Operator Satisfaction Responsible Investment Climate Change Energy & Emissions Water Waste Spotlight on Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion Ventas has a long history of actively promoting Diversity, Equity
and Inclusion (“DE&I”), and we are committed to driving lasting change in our Company, our industry and our communities. In 2020, we found new and innovative ways to advance DE&I
through education, engagement and philanthropy. For example, we: Incorporated a metric into our 2020-2022 long-term equity incentive program focused on increasing the Company’s representation of female employees Hosted a charitable foundation competition sponsored by our executive leaders and their teams focused on racial justice Held a DE&I speaker series through our Diversity Network employee resource group Became the Founding Diversity Partner –Healthcare Real Estate of the Real Estate Executive Council’s (“REEC”) Diversity Initiative in support of REEC’s mission to increase DE&I throughout the commercial real estate industry We also developed a customized DE&I framework centered around
five pillars: people, culture, investment, community and celebration. In early 2021, we formed a DE&I Committee headed by our
Chairman and CEO to put our DE&I framework into action, engaging a broad cross-section of employees across our enterprise. 6 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Spotlight on Climate Change Ventas is committed to managing climate change-related risks and
        opportunities in our portfolio. In 2020, we were named to the CDP Leadership Band with a score of A-, reflecting our implementation
        of current best practices to address climate change. Our approach and disclosures are aligned with the Task Force on Climate-Related
        Financial Disclosures. In 2020, we set ambitious goals to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions,
        energy and water use and waste generation. We also committed to the Science Based Targets initiative to set and measure our emissions
        goals in alignment with current climate science. Our new emissions, energy, water and recycling goals and progress towards those
        goals are shown below. Select ESG Recognitions Selected to the DJSI World Index #1 Healthcare REIT in GRESB Real Estate Assessment Nareit’s Healthcare Leader in the Light (for
    the 5 th time, including 4 th consecutive) Signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, a
    voluntary leadership platform for responsible business practices #1 Real Estate Company in 3BL Media’s 100 Best
    Corporate Citizens Named to Newsweek’s Most Responsible Companies
    2021 Signatory to the United Nations Women Empowerment
    Principles Awarded Gold at Nareit’s 2020 Diversity, Equity &
    Inclusion Awards Named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index Sustainability Report The Company’s Corporate Sustainability Report can be found
in the Corporate Responsibility section of our website at www.ventasreit.com . 2021 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Our Director Nominees Below is information regarding our director nominees, including
age and tenure as of the 2021 Annual Meeting and expected Board committees following the 2021 Annual Meeting. Name Principal
    Occupation Age Tenure Board Committees Other Public Boards Melody
    C. Barnes Independent Co-Director for Policy and Public Affairs, Democracy Initiative, University of Virginia Founder, MB 2 Solutions 57 7 years 1 Debra
    A. Cafaro Chairman and CEO, Ventas 63 22 years 1 Jay
    M. Gellert Independent Former President and CEO, Health Net, Inc. 67 20 years 0 Matthew
    J. Lustig Independent Chairman of Investment Banking, North America and Head of Real Estate and Lodging, Lazard Frères & Co.
    LLC (“Lazard”) 60 10 years 1 Roxanne
    M. Martino Independent Managing Partner, Ocean M19 Former CEO, Aurora Investment Management LLC 64 5 years 0 Marguerite
    M. Nader Independent President and CEO, Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. 53 <1 year 1 Sean
    P. Nolan Independent President, Nolan Capital, LLC Former President and CEO, AveXis, Inc. 53 2 years 1 Walter
    C. Rakowich Independent Former CEO, Prologis, Inc. 63 5 years 2 Robert
    D. Reed Independent Former SVP and CFO, Sutter Health 69 13 years 0 James
    D. Shelton Independent Former Chairman, Omnicare, Inc. Former CEO and Chairman, Triad Hospitals, Inc. 67 13 years 0 Maurice
    S. Smith Independent President and CEO, Health Care Service Corporation 49 <1 year 0 Audit Compensation Nominating Chair Investment Executive 8 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Corporate
Governance Highlights The Ventas Board of Directors is committed to maintaining the
highest standards of corporate governance. Our Board and management believe that strong corporate governance practices help promote
the long-term interests of our stockholders. Below is a summary of recent changes or enhancements to our Board, its committees
and our corporate governance practices: Board Composition and Leadership Transition Expanded Responsibilities of Committees Other Governance Enhancements In July
        2020, our Board appointed Marguerite M. Nader, a REIT leader, as an independent director In February
        2021, our Board appointed Maurice S. Smith, a healthcare industry leader, as an independent director Effective
        as of the 2021 Annual Meeting, Mr. Gilchrist will retire from the Board, in accordance with our Director Retirement Policy Effective
        as of the 2021 Annual Meeting, Ms. Martino will become the Compensation Committee Chair and Mr. Lustig will become the
        Investment Committee Chair In 2019,
        we shifted the responsibility for director compensation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (“Nominating
        Committee”) to the Compensation Committee (“Compensation Committee”) During
        2020, our Compensation Committee actively oversaw our human capital management and DE&I efforts During
        2020, our Audit and Compliance Committee (“Audit Committee”) actively oversaw our financial response to COVID-19 In 2020,
        our Nominating Committee adopted a formal policy requiring annual review of committee assignments and rotation of committee
        chairs Adopted
        Proxy Access in 2017 to enable stockholders, under certain circumstances, to include their candidates for election to
        our Board of Directors For additional information about our corporate governance best
practices, please see the table in the “Our Corporate Governance Framework” section of this Proxy Statement. Spotlight on Stockholder Engagement As a continuation of our robust Board-driven stockholder engagement
program, over the past year, we invited our top 50 stockholders, representing approximately 70% of our outstanding shares, to engage
with us. We ultimately met with 11 different investors, representing approximately 20% of our outstanding shares. The remainder
of the stockholders we contacted confirmed that they did not view a discussion to be necessary or did not respond to our request.
Our Compensation Committee Chair, an independent director, led these stockholder calls, as has been the case since at least 2015.
Our incoming Compensation Committee Chair, Roxanne Martino, the Board and management have committed to continue these efforts. By the Numbers – 2020 Fall Stockholder
Engagement Our stockholder engagement and response to stockholder feedback
are discussed in detail under the “Stockholder Engagement” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis–Stockholder
Input” sections of this Proxy Statement. 2021 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 2020 Executive Compensation Highlights Our Executive Compensation is Closely
Linked to Performance Our Executive Compensation programs are designed to pay for performance;
attract, retain and motivate talented employees; and align to the interests of our stockholders. More than 80% of the 2020 compensation
of our Named Executive Officers was variable and at risk, and a significant proportion of variable 2020 compensation was based
on pre-established performance metrics that are tied to our corporate strategy. In determining the design and scope of our executive compensation
program, we consider the feedback we receive from our stockholders, including through our proactive stockholder engagement program
and the annual say-on-pay advisory vote at our annual stockholders’ meetings. Our decisions regarding executive compensation
reflect that feedback, including the decisions our Compensation Committee made to account for the unique challenges presented by
the COVID-19 pandemic. 10 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 2020 Compensation Highlights The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our business
and our tenants, operators and partners. Payouts to our Named Executive Officers were at or below target under our 2020 annual
incentive plan and our 2018-2020 performance-based restricted stock units paid out at 36-39% of target. As more fully discussed
in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Proxy Statement, other highlights of our approach to compensation
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic include the following: Rewarded non-executive employees for their dedication and performance throughout
    the pandemic, including by assuming significant additional responsibilities, and took action to promote retention, maintain
    continuity and manage risk during a critical period by: Providing non-executive employees with 2020 bonus payouts that were at least 118% of target
    and 2020 long-term equity award payouts that were between target and maximum, Granting long-term equity awards more widely and deeply throughout the organization compared
    to prior years and Providing non-executive employees who exhibited superior performance and raised increased
    retention risk with supplemental long-term equity awards Provided enhanced benefits to employees , including access to mental health
    resources and enhanced training programs and resources, to help employees address challenges created or exacerbated by the
    pandemic Made no material changes to the 2020 compensation structure for our Named
    Executive Officers (“NEOs”) compared to 2019 — we did not increase base salaries or incentive
    opportunities Reduced the 2020 base salaries of our CEO and other executive officers by 20% and 10%, respectively, effective June 1, 2020, in response to the pandemic Reduced the quarterly retainer for our independent directors by 20% for
    the second half of 2020 in response to the pandemic Maintained corporate performance metrics of our 2020 annual incentive plan
    and 2018-2020 performance-based restricted stock units, which were set in January 2020 and January 2018, respectively, despite the material negative impact of the pandemic on our business Demonstrated stockholder alignment by applying negative discretion to the annual
    incentive payout for our CEO, reducing her to a below target payout Certified payouts on our 2018-2020 performance-based restricted stock units at between 36% and 39% of target
    for all NEOs eligible for awards based on metrics established in January 2018 A focus of our efforts was to ensure that our employees had the
tools and assistance they needed to manage the challenges created by the pandemic while remaining cognizant of long-term goals
and objectives, including ensuring that we are well positioned to outperform once pre-pandemic conditions return. 2021 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents ESG Leadership and Recognition ESG Priorities Ventas’s commitment to ESG is reflected in our strong corporate
governance, transparent and ethical business practices and broad stakeholder engagement. Our integrated approach to ESG principles
animates our actions, decisions and processes and drives success for us and our stakeholders. Following the GRI Standards, the most widely used sustainability
reporting framework, Ventas conducted a materiality assessment in 2018, which provided a framework for our ESG commitment. Built on a foundation of health and safety as our foremost priority,
we identified eight material topics which are organized across three pillars: People, Performance, Planet. This framework focuses
our ESG efforts, enhances our conversations and reporting on key issues and motivates our daily efforts. ESG Goals We have set meaningful ESG goals aligned to each of the eight
        priority topics identified above. These goals are also aligned with nine of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals where
        we believe we can make an impact through strategic investment in our business and communities. 12 Table of Contents ESG LEADERSHIP AND RECOGNITION Goal Framework Topic Goal Target Date 2020 Status Talent
                                         Attraction and Retention Employee
    engagement in top half of peer benchmark (1) ONGOING ACHIEVED Employee
    health package exceeding peer benchmark (2) ONGOING ACHIEVED Minimum wage of $15/hour, increasing
    to $17/hour by 2024 2024 ACHIEVED (100% >=$15/hour) ON TRACK (>=$17/hour by 2024) Zero lost time incidents for employees ONGOING ONE LOST TIME INCIDENT IN 2020 Diversity
                                         and Inclusion Employee gender balance (50:50
    female/male, +/- 5%) ONGOING ACHIEVED (48% female at 12/31/2020) Minimum of 30% female Board members ONGOING ACHIEVED (36% at 12/31/20) 25% female representation among
    senior leadership by 2023 2023 ON TRACK (23% female at 12/31/2020) Develop Diversity, Equity &
    Inclusion Framework FIRST HALF 2021 ON TRACK Tenant,
                                         Resident and Operator Satisfaction MOB tenant satisfaction survey
    (Kingsley) score above peer benchmark with 1% annual increase; R&I in top half of peer benchmark by 2024 2024 ACHIEVED >80% of senior housing NOI from
    tenants/ operators that conduct resident satisfaction surveys 2022 ACHIEVED 100% of NNN segment NOI from agreements
    requiring compliance with applicable health and safety laws ONGOING ACHIEVED Responsible
                                         Investment LEED ® Silver or better on 100% of $1.58 billion R&I pipeline ONGOING ACHIEVED Communicate importance of LEED
    to development partners for all new projects 2020 ACHIEVED Climate
                                         Change <10% of NOI from properties
    in high flood risk zone ONGOING ACHIEVED 100% of non-NNN assets have emergency
    plan ONGOING ACHIEVED Environment Emissions: reduce by 25% from 2018
    to 2028 (2.5% annually) 2028 ON TRACK Energy: reduce intensity by 20%
    from 2018 to 2028 (2% annually) 2028 ON TRACK Water: reduce intensity by 20%
    from 2018 to 2028 (2% annually) 2028 ON TRACK Waste: recycling programs at 100%
    assets within operational control by 2028 2028 ON TRACK (1) Compared to 2019 Engagement Survey benchmark; the survey vendor did not provide a 2020 benchmark due to the disruption
    caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. (2) Industry benchmark figure provided by external benefits consultant. 2021 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents ESG LEADERSHIP AND RECOGNITION Principles in Practice Diversity,
                            Equity and Inclusion Ventas has a long history of actively promoting DE&I, and we are committed to driving lasting
        change in our Company, our industry and our communities. To advance our DE&I efforts, we have established a customized
        DE&I framework centered around the five pillars of people, culture, investment, community and celebration. In early
        2021, we formed a DE&I Committee headed by our Chairman & CEO to put our DE&I framework into action,
        engaging a broad cross-section of employees across our enterprise. We also became the Founding Diversity Partner –
        Healthcare Real Estate of REEC’s Diversity Initiative, which will support REEC’s mission to increase DE&I
        throughout the commercial real estate industry. We are committed to maintaining a highly diverse Board of Directors. Green Building Certifications Green building certifications demonstrate our commitment to sustainable development and building
        operations and are part of our LEED development goals under Responsible Investment. These independent third-party certifications
        ensure properties meet the highest standards in environmental responsibility and resource efficiency. Ventas currently
        has 130 certified assets (representing 27% of our operating portfolio by square feet) and 145 certified assets (18% by
        square feet) in our total owned portfolio. These certifications include: 100 active Energy Star certified senior housing
        properties, representing more than 50% of all US Energy Star certifications in this property sector, 48 LEED certified properties (senior housing, medical
        office/outpatient and research and innovation) and two IREM Certified Sustainable
        Property (medical office/outpatient). Ventas is on track to continue to increase its green building certifications in 2021. Employee Benefits Ventas prides itself in offering an industry leading compensation and benefits package that provides
        security and protection for the health and wellbeing of our employees and their families. Our comprehensive package includes
        benefits for physical wellness (medical, dental and vision plans, telemedicine); financial wellness (401(k) plan with
        Ventas match, adoption benefits, employee stock purchase plan); and mental wellness (paid time off, employee assistance
        program and parental leave for primary and secondary caregivers). A key part of our employee benefits is our investment
        in our people and their continuous development through leadership development, workshops and training. Ventas employees
        also participate in information security, integrity and compliance and ethics training at least annually. In 2020, we took quick action to enhance our employee benefits to support employees through the
        COVID-19 pandemic including measures such as increased mental health resources, additional PTO to care for family members
        with COVID-19 and enhanced training programs. CDP Leadership Band A- CDP is a global environmental disclosure system that drives corporate transparency and helps
        to guide, incentivize and assess environmental stewardship and climate governance. CDP is aligned with the Task Force
        on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. In 2020, Ventas achieved A-, Leadership Band. Excellence in ESG Reporting:
        2020 Corporate Sustainability Report In November 2020, Ventas published its third annual Corporate Sustainability Report,
        which highlights our efforts toward ESG excellence and leadership. Our reporting is in accordance with the GRI Standards
        and showcases our new environmental goals and our Principles in Practice, a series of case studies that demonstrate our
        response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our actions to achieve greater gender and racial equality and our actions on health
        and safety and emergency preparedness. Our Corporate Sustainability Report is available in the Corporate Responsibility
        section of our website at www.ventasreit.com . 14 Table of Contents Corporate Governance and Board Matters Proposal 1: Election of Directors At the 2021 Annual Meeting, stockholders will vote on the election
        of the eleven director nominees listed on the following page for one-year terms. Marguerite M. Nader and Maurice S. Smith joined
        the Board in the past twelve months, and they appear on the ballot for the first time. In accordance with our Director Retirement
        Policy, Richard I. Gilchrist will retire from the Board, effective as of the 2021 Annual Meeting. The Board has nominated each of the nominees to serve until the
        2022 Annual Meeting. Each nominee has indicated that they will serve if elected. We do not anticipate that any of the nominees
        will be unable or unwilling to stand for election but, if that happens, your proxy may be voted for another person nominated by
        the Board or the Board may reduce its size. Each director holds office until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified
        or his or her earlier resignation, death or removal. In nominating the following slate of director candidates for election
        at the Company’s 2021 Annual Meeting, the Board has evaluated each nominee by reference to the criteria described under the
        heading “Director Recruitment, Nomination and Succession Planning.” In addition, the Board evaluates each individual
        director in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending a group that can best support the success of
        our businesses and represent stockholder interests. The following section contains information provided by the nominees
        about their principal occupations, business experience and other matters, as well as a description of how each individual’s
        experience qualifies him or her to serve as a director of the Company. The information reflects their respective ages and tenure
        as of the 2021 Annual Meeting and their expected committee and chair assignments immediately following the 2021 Annual Meeting. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the nominees to the Board of
        Directors. 2021 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Board Snapshot 2021 Director Nominees 16 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Board Nominees Director Nominees Skills &
Attributes Matrix In selecting nominees for the Board, our Nominating Committee
considers the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of the current Board members and prospective candidates
to ensure a variety of skills and qualifications are represented on the Board. Skills and Attributes Executive
    Experience (CEO): Supports our management team through relevant advice and leadership Financial/Accounting
    Experience: Critical to the oversight of the Company’s financial statements, financial reporting and internal controls REITS/Real
    Estate: Contributes to a deeper understanding of the Company’s challenges and opportunities in the REIT and real
    estate industries Healthcare,
    Senior Housing & Health Systems: Contributes to a deeper understanding of the challenges and opportunities in
    the healthcare, senior housing and for-profit/not-for-profit health systems industries Life
    Sciences, Research & Innovation: Provides valuable insight regarding the unique considerations relevant to the
    life sciences, research & innovation space as the Company seeks to grow this line of business Capital
    Markets: Valuable in evaluating the Company’s capital structure and financing strategy Capital
    Intensive Industry: Contributes to a deeper understanding of the Company’s operations and key performance indicators Public
    Company Executive Compensation: Contributes to the Board’s ability to attract, motivate and retain executive talent Public
    Policy & Regulation: Contributes to the Board’s understanding of complex public policy issues and legal,
    regulatory and compliance risks Technology/Cybersecurity: Contributes to the Board’s understanding of information technology and cybersecurity risks Education,
    Communication & Brand: Valuable in managing communications with stakeholders and protecting the Company’s
    brand and reputation Sales &
    Marketing: Valuable in promoting and selling our services and delivering excellent customer service Strategic
    Planning: Essential to guiding the Company’s long-term business strategy Risk
    Management: Contributes to the identification, assessment and prioritization of risks facing the Company Independent Gender F F M M F F M M M M M Race/Ethnicity Asian/Asian
    American Black/African
    American Caucasian/White Hispanic/Latino Native
    American/Alaska Native Native
    Hawaiian/Pacific Islander 2021 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Director Nominees Biographies Melody
    C. Barnes, 57 Independent Director DIRECTOR SINCE 2014 VTR COMMITTEES Audit Nominating SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Melody C. Barnes is an attorney with extensive experience in government, leadership and public
        policy. She brings to our Board expertise in leadership and strategy and valuable insights in human rights issues, organizational
        dynamics and legislative and regulatory matters. Business Experience Co-Director for Policy and Public Affairs of the
        Democracy Initiative, University of Virginia (2018 to present) and Dorothy Danforth Compton professor of practice at the
        Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia (2016 to present); Distinguished Fellow at the University of Virginia
        School of Law (2016 to present) Co-Founder and Principal of MB 2 Solutions,
        LLC, a public policy and domestic strategy firm (2014 to present) Director of the Domestic Policy Council in the White
        House (2009 to 2012), providing policy and strategic advice to then-President Obama and coordinating the domestic policy-making
        process for his administration Senior Domestic Policy Advisor for then-Senator
        Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign (2008) Executive Vice President for Policy (2005 to 2008)
        and a Senior Fellow (2003 to 2005) at the Center for American Progress, an independent nonpartisan policy institute Chief Counsel to Senator Edward M. Kennedy on the
        Senate Judiciary Committee (1998 to 2003) and General Counsel for Senator Kennedy (1995 to 1998) Private Boards and Community Service Chair of the Board of Trustees (2021 to present),
        Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees (2018 to 2020) and Member of the Board of Trustees (2017 to 2018) at The Thomas Jefferson
        Foundation, Inc., a not-for-profit organization Member of the Advisory Board of the Institute for
        Contemporary Art at Virginia Commonwealth University, a non-collecting art institution (2018 to present) Chair of the Aspen Institute for Community Solutions
        and Opportunity Youth Forum, a not-for-profit organization (2012 to present) Chair of the Marguerite Casey Foundation, a not-for-profit
        organization (2012 to present) Current Public Company Directorships Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. (NYSE: BAH) (2015 to present) Other Public Company Directorships during
        the Past Five Years None Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 18 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Debra
    A. Cafaro, 63 Chairman and CEO of Ventas DIRECTOR SINCE 1999 VTR COMMITTEES Executive Investment SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Debra A. Cafaro has substantial executive experience, leadership ability and a proven record
        of accomplishment. She brings to our Board expertise in real estate, healthcare, capital markets, corporate finance, mergers
        and acquisitions, strategic planning, law and public policy and other public company matters. Business Experience Chief Executive Officer and director (1999 to present),
        Chairman of the Board (2003 to present) and President (1999 to 2010) of Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the American Academy of Arts &
        Sciences, an honorary society (2020 to present) Chair of the Real Estate Roundtable, a public policy
        organization Chair of the Executive Committee (2019 to present)
        and Member of the Board of Directors of The Economic Club of Chicago, a non-profit management organization Member of the Board of Trustees of the University
        of Chicago and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Appointed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel to the Board of
        the Chicago Infrastructure Trust (2015 to 2019) An owner and member of the Management Committee
        of the Pittsburgh Penguins, a National Hockey League team Recognitions Six time honoree in Harvard Business Review’s
        CEO 100 (2014 to 2020) and Modern Healthcare’s 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare (2012, 2015 to 2019) Recipient of the Industry Leadership Award from
        the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) (2014), where she previously served as Chair (2010) Inducted into the ASHA (American Seniors Housing
        Association) Senior Living Hall of Fame (2019) Member of the Business Council, an association of
        chief executive officers Current Public Company Directorships PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) (2017
        to present) Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE: WY) (2007 to 2016) Jay
    M. Gellert, 67 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2001 VTR COMMITTEES Executive Investment Nominating SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Jay M. Gellert has substantial healthcare experience, having held numerous senior executive,
        leadership and strategic positions in the industry. He brings to our Board expertise in government relations, healthcare
        operations, mergers and acquisitions, strategy and public company executive compensation. Business Experience President and Chief Executive Officer (1998 to 2016)
        and President and Chief Operating Officer (1997 to 1998) of Health Net, Inc. (formerly NYSE: HNT), an integrated managed
        care organization; President and Chief Operating Officer of its predecessor, Health Systems International, Inc., a health
        maintenance organization (1996 to 1997) Directed strategic advisory engagements for Shattuck
        Hammond Partners, a healthcare investment banking boutique (1991 to 1996) President and Chief Executive Officer of Bay Pacific
        Health Corporation, a healthcare services company (1988 to 1991) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the Board of Directors of HealthEdge Software,
        a healthcare technology company (2020 to present) Chairman of the Board of Versant Health, a managed
        vision care company (2018 to 2020) Member of the Board of Directors of the Maven Project,
        a not-for-profit telehealth technology organization (2016 to present) Current Public Company Directorships None Other Public Company Directorships during
        the Past Five Years Health Net, Inc. (formerly NYSE: HNT) (1998 to 2016) Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 2021 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Matthew
    J. Lustig, 60 Independent Director DIRECTOR SINCE 2011 VTR COMMITTEES Executive Investment (Chair) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Matthew J. Lustig has extensive experience as an advisor and investor in domestic and international
        real estate transactions, including senior housing, and as a director, executive and investor in real estate companies
        and funds. He brings to our Board expertise in capital markets, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions and strategic
        transactions. Business Experience Chairman of Investment Banking, North America (2019
        to present), Head of Investment Banking, North America (2012 to 2019), Head of Real Estate & Lodging (1989 to
        present) and former Chief Executive Officer of the private equity real estate investment business at Lazard Frères &
        Co. LLC, a financial advisory and asset management firm Private Boards and Community Service Chairman of the Advisory Board at The Samuel Zell
        and Robert Lurie Real Estate Center at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania (2017 to present) Member of the Board of Advisors at the Edmund A.
        Walsh School of Foreign Service, Georgetown University (2011 to present) Member of the MBA Real Estate Program Advisory Board
        at the Paul Milstein Center for Real Estate at Columbia Business School, Columbia University (1999 to present) Chairman of the Board of Directors of Atria Senior
        Living, Inc., a for-profit senior housing company (2004 to 2011) Member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the
        Pension Real Estate Association, the Real Estate Roundtable and the Urban Land Institute Current Public Company Directorships Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP) (2011 to present) Other Public Company Directorships during
        the Past Five Years None Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 20 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Roxanne
    M. Martino, 64 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2016 VTR COMMITTEES Compensation (Chair) Executive Investment SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Roxanne M. Martino has extensive experience as a director, industry leader and senior executive
        and is widely recognized for her finance and investment expertise. She brings to our Board expertise in accounting, capital
        markets, corporate finance, investments and strategy. Business Experience Managing Partner of OceanM19 (2016 to present) Led Aurora Investment Management L.L.C., a hedge
        fund investment firm, and its predecessor companies, including acting as Chief Executive Officer, Partner and Chair of
        the Investment Committee (1990 to 2016) General Partner of Grosvenor Capital Management,
        L.P., an asset management firm (now GCM Grosvenor, NASDAQ: GCMG) (1984 to 1990) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the Board of Directors of The Havi Group
        (2019 to present) Member of the Executive Committee of the Chicago
        Network (2019 to present); member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of The Economic Club of Chicago (2017
        to present) Chairperson (2018 to present) of the Ann &
        Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago Board of Directors and member of the Executive Committee of the Ann &
        Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago Foundation (2018 to present) Co-Chair of the Council on Chicago Booth at the
        University of Chicago Booth School of Business (2015 to present); member and Chair of the Advisory Council at the Mendoza
        College of Business, University of Notre Dame (2001 to present); and Life Trustee of Fenwick High School (2003 to present) Director and past President of Thresholds, a not-for-profit
        psychiatric rehabilitation organization (1991 to present) Recognitions Inducted into the Invest Hedge Hall of Fame (2015) Recognized as one of “50 Leading Women in
        Hedge Funds” by the Hedge Fund Journal (2015) Honored by DePaul University as the “DePaul
        University Financial Executive of the Year” based on her lifetime of professional achievement (2014) Current Public Company Directorships None Other Public Company Directorships during
        the Past Five Years None Marguerite
    M. Nader, 53 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2020 VTR
                                         COMMITTEES Audit SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Marguerite M. Nader has extensive senior executive experience in the real estate investment trust
        industry, serving as President and Chief Executive Officer, and previously, as Chief Financial Officer, for a leading
        REIT. She brings to our Board expertise in asset management, corporate governance, finance, financial reporting, public
        company operations and sales and marketing. Business Experience President and Chief Executive Officer (2013 to present),
        President and Chief Financial Officer (2012 to 2013), Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2011 to 2012)
        and other roles in asset management, business development and sales and marketing (1993 to 2011) for Equity LifeStyle
        Properties, Inc. (NYSE: ELS), a resort community real estate investment trust Member of the Management Committee and Board of
        Directors for ELS Private Boards and Community Service First Vice Chair (2021 to present), Member of the
        Executive Board (2019 to present) and Member of the Advisory Board of Governors (2014 to 2018) of the National Association
        of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) Current Public Company Directorships Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. (NYSE: ELS) (2013
        to present) Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years Liberty Property Trust (formerly NYSE: LPT) (2017
        to 2020) Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 2021 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Sean
    P. Nolan, 53 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2019 VTR COMMITTEES Compensation SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Sean P. Nolan is an accomplished senior executive and
        board member, having served in numerous officer and director positions for privately held and publicly traded companies
        in the biopharmaceutical industry. He brings to our Board expertise in finance, leadership, management and research and
        innovation. Business Experience President
        of Nolan Capital, LLC, an investment fund (2019 to present) President
        and Chief Executive Officer of AveXis, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: AVXS), a gene therapy company (2015 to 2018) Chief Business
        Officer for InterMune, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: ITMN), a biopharmaceutical company (2013 to 2015) Chief Commercial
        Officer of Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: RETA), a pharmaceuticals company (2011 to 2012) Chief Commercial
        Officer and President of Lundbeck, Inc., a U.S. affiliate of Lundbeck, a Danish pharmaceuticals company (2009 to 2010),
        senior management at Ovation Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceuticals company (2004 to 2009) Private Boards and Community Service Chairman
        of the Board of Affinia Therapeutics (formerly known as TouchDown Therapeutics), a gene therapy company (2019 to present) Chairman
        of the Board of Encoded Therapeutics, Inc., a gene therapy company (2018 to present) Chairman
        of the Board of Istari Oncology, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company (2018 to present) Current Public Company Directorships Taysha Gene
        Therapies, Chairman of the Board (NASDAQ: TSHA) (2020 to present) Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years Neoleukin
        Therapeutics (NASDAQ: NLTX) (2019 to 2020) Aquinox
        Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: AQXP) (2015 to 2019) Walter
    C. Rakowich, 63 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2016 VTR COMMITTEES Audit (Chair) Executive Investment SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Walter C. Rakowich is a recognized leader in the real estate industry with extensive senior executive
        experience. He brings to our Board expertise in capital markets, corporate finance, finance and accounting, international
        operations, leadership, mergers and acquisitions and strategy. Business Experience Chief Executive Officer of Prologis, Inc., an industrial
        real estate company (NYSE: PLD) (2008 to 2011), Co-Chief Executive Officer following its merger with AMB Property Corporation
        (2011 to 2012), member of the Board of Directors (2005 to 2012) and served in a number of senior management positions,
        including President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (1994 to 2008) Partner and Principal with Trammell Crow Company,
        a real estate provider (1985 to 1993) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the Advisory Council of Gender Fair, an
        organization working to accelerate gender equality (2020 to present) Leadership roles at three non-profits focused on
        educational opportunities for at-risk children: Trustee of the PIVOT Foundation (2018 to present), Chairman of the Board
        of Colorado UpLift (2013 to present) and Board Member of the Alliance for School Choice in Education (ACE) (2004 to present) Member of the Board of Trustees of Pennsylvania
        State University (2014 to present); member of the Advisory Board of the Institute for Real Estate Studies in the Smeal
        College of Business, Pennsylvania State University (2014 to present) Member of the Advisory Board of Governors (2008
        to 2010) and the Executive Committee (2010 to 2011) of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit),
        a real estate trade association Current Public Company Directorships Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: HST)
        (2012 to present; Lead Director, 2015 to 2018) Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) (2015 to
        present) Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years None Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 22 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Robert
    D. Reed, 69 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2008 VTR COMMITTEES Executive Investment Nominating SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Robert D. Reed has extensive healthcare senior executive experience, having served as Chief Financial
        Officer for domestic hospital systems and physicians organizations. He brings to our Board expertise in accounting, healthcare
        finance and operations, managing capital intensive operations and strategic planning. Business Experience Advisor to Halo Diagnostics, a privately held healthcare
        technology company (2020 to present) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
        of Sutter Health, a family of not-for-profit hospitals and physicians organizations (1997 to 2015) Chief Financial Officer, Alta Bates Corporation,
        a not-for-profit health care company (1990 to 1995) and Voluntary Hospitals of America Corporation, a not-for-profit health
        care company (1988) and Voluntary Health Enterprises, Inc., a for-profit health care company (1986 to 1988) Investment banker specializing in healthcare finance
        for hospital systems at various national financial firms, including Eastdil (1976 to 1980), Paine Webber (1980 to 1982)
        and American Health Capital (1982 to 1986) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the National Board of Advisors of U.C.
        Davis Health, an academic medical center (2019 to present) Member of the Board of Directors of The Metta Fund,
        a not-for-profit organization dedicated to advancing the health and wellness of San Francisco’s aging population
        (2007 to 2018) Current Public Company Directorships None Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years None James
    D. Shelton, 67 Independent Presiding Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2008 VTR COMMITTEES Compensation Executive (Chair) Nominating (Chair) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: James D. Shelton has extensive experience as a Chief Executive Officer and business leader in
        the healthcare industry. He brings to our Board expertise in corporate governance, executive compensation, government
        relations, managing capital intensive operations, mergers and acquisitions and strategic transactions. Business Experience Non-executive Chairman of the Board of Omnicare,
        Inc. (formerly NYSE: OCR) (“Omnicare”), a pharmaceutical care provider (2010 to 2015) and interim Chief Executive
        Officer of Omnicare (2010 to 2011) Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
        of Triad Hospitals, Inc. (formerly NYSE: TRI), an owner and manager of hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers (1999
        to 2007) President of the Pacific Group (1998 to 1999) and
        President of the Central Group (1994 to 1998) of Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation, a hospital operator (now known as
        HCA Inc. (NYSE: HCA)) Executive Vice President of National Medical Enterprises
        (now known as Tenet Healthcare Corporation (NYSE: THC)), a healthcare services company (1991 to 1994) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the Board of Directors and the Executive
        Committee of the American Hospital Association, a healthcare industry trade group (2004 to 2006) Chairman and member of the Board of Directors of
        the Federation of American Hospitals, a hospital trade association (1991 to 2001) Current Public Company Directorships None Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years Envision Healthcare Corp. (formerly NYSE: EVHC)
        (2015 to 2018, Lead Director, 2018) Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management 2021 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Maurice
    S. Smith, 49 Independent Director DIRECTOR
                                      SINCE 2021 VTR COMMITTEES Audit SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Maurice S. Smith has extensive senior executive experience in the health insurance industry,
        serving as President and Chief Executive Officer and previously, in other senior leadership positions, for a leading health
        insurance company. He brings to our Board expertise in corporate transactions, health insurance, financial matters, management
        and strategic growth initiatives. Business Experience President and Chief Executive Officer (2020 to present),
        President (2019 to 2020), Senior Vice President, Business Development and Subsidiary Management (2015), Divisional Vice
        President, Business Development and Subsidiary Management (2012 to 2014), Vice President, Corporate Transactions and Business
        Analysis (2011 to 2012), numerous other roles of progressive responsibility (1993 to 2011), Health Care Service Corporation
        (HCSC), a leading health insurer President, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois, a
        division of HCSC (2015 to 2019) Private Boards and Community Service Member of the Board of Directors of The Economic
        Club of Chicago (2020 to present) Member of the Board of Directors of the Chicago
        Civic Consulting Alliance, a nonprofit organization (2018 to present) Member of the Board of Trustees of Roosevelt University
        (2017 to present) Member of the Board of Trustees of the Civic Federation,
        a nonpartisan government research organization (2017 to present) Member of the Board of Directors of World Business
        Chicago, a public-private economic development agency (2020 to present) Chairman of the Board of Dearborn National Life
        Insurance Company, a life insurance company (2012 to 2019) Member of the Board of Directors of Common Ground
        Foundation, a nonprofit organization (2018 to present) Member of the Board of Directors of Medecision,
        Inc., an integrated health management solutions company (2014 to 2020) Member and former Chairman of the Board of Directors
        of Chicago Sinfonietta (2011 to 2019) Current Public Company Directorships None Other Public Company Directorships during the Past Five Years None Executive Experience (CEO) Financial/ Accounting Experience REITS/Real Estate Healthcare, Senior Housing & Health Systems Life Sciences, Research & Innovation Capital Markets Capital Intensive Industry Public Company Executive Compensation Public Policy & Regulation Technology/ Cybersecurity Education, Communication & Brand Sales & Marketing Strategic Planning Risk Management Effective as of our 2021 Annual Meeting, Richard I. Gilchrist
    will retire from our Board consistent with the Company’s Director Retirement Policy. We extend our sincere gratitude
    to Mr. Gilchrist for his service as one of our Board members for the past ten years, our Compensation Committee Chair from
    2018 to 2021 and our Investment Committee Chair from 2016 to 2021. 24 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Director Recruitment, Nomination and
Succession Planning Criteria for Board Membership In accordance with our Guidelines on Governance (our “Guidelines”),
the Nominating Committee annually considers and recommends to the Board a slate of directors for election at the next annual meeting
of stockholders. In making its recommendations, the Nominating Committee considers: high-performing, independent
incumbent directors who have indicated a willingness to continue serving on our Board; candidates,
if any, nominated by our stockholders; and other potential candidates identified
by the Nominating Committee. If at any time during the year a seat on the Board becomes vacant
or a new seat is created, the Nominating Committee considers and recommends to the Board a candidate for appointment to fill the
vacant or newly created seat. Refreshment and Succession Planning The Board is committed to effective succession planning and refreshment.
Two directors—Ms. Nader and Mr. Smith—joined the Board in the past twelve months, and a total of four directors have
joined since 2016, enhancing the Board’s breadth and depth of experience and diversity. Each of Ms. Nader and Mr. Smith were
identified by a third-party search firm and were recommended to our Board by our Nominating Committee following our Director Recruitment
process outlined below. One director, Mr. Gilchrist, will retire effective as of the 2021 Annual Meeting in accordance with our
Director Retirement Policy. The average tenure of our director nominees is 9 years. Our Nominating
Committee monitors the average tenure of our directors and seeks to achieve a variety of director tenures in order to benefit from
long-tenured directors’ institutional knowledge and newly elected directors’ fresh perspectives. In its annual review of the Board’s composition, the Nominating
Committee considers succession planning in light of factors such as skills and attributes needed and upcoming retirements and other
potential departures. Director Recruitment Our Nominating Committee has the authority to identify,
consider and recommend potential new director candidates to the Board. An overview of the Board’s director recruitment
process is provided below: Evaluate
    Board Composition The Nominating Committee periodically reviews Board composition and the skills, experience and characteristics
    held by existing directors and those sought in director candidates, considering the needs of the Board in light of the Company’s
    strategy Identify
    Candidates Candidates may be recommended by search firms engaged by the Nominating Committee, other directors, management and stockholders Assess
    Potential Directors Potential nominees are assessed against various attributes outlined in “—Director Nominee Attributes”
    and the skills and experiences shown in “Board Nominees—Director Nominees Skills & Attributes Matrix,”
    as well as the future needs of the Board, including succession planning. The Company reviews candidates for independence and
    potential conflicts Interview Candidates Candidates are interviewed by the Nominating Committee and other Board members Recommend Candidates The Nominating Committee recommends candidates to the Board for approval and stockholders vote on director nominees at
    the annual meeting of stockholders We have from time to time retained search firms and other third
parties to assist us in identifying potential candidates based on specific criteria that we provided to them, including the qualifications
described above. We may retain search firms and other third parties in the future. 4 New Directors Added
    Since 2016 Ethnic and gender diversity Current and former CEOs Investments, R&I, healthcare and REIT expertise All independent 2021 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Director Nominee Attributes In evaluating potential director candidates, the Nominating Committee
considers different perspectives, skill sets, education, ages, genders, racial and ethnic demographics and business experience
in its recruiting and nomination process. In general, the Nominating Committee seeks to include on our Board a complementary mix
of individuals with diverse backgrounds, knowledge and viewpoints reflecting the broad set of challenges that the Board confronts
without representing any particular interest group or constituency. Our Guidelines provide that, in general, nominees for membership
on the Board should: have demonstrated
    management or technical ability at high levels in successful organizations; have experience relevant to our operations, such
    as real estate, REITs, healthcare, finance or general management; be well-respected in their business and home communities; have time to devote to Board duties; and be independent from us and not related to our other
    directors or employees. Our directors are also expected to be active participants in governing
our enterprise, and our Nominating Committee looks for certain characteristics common to all Board members, including integrity,
independence, leadership ability, constructive and collegial personal attributes, candor and the ability and willingness to evaluate,
challenge and stimulate. The Nominating Committee seeks to recommend candidates that have adequate time to devote to Board activities,
recognizing that public company board of directors’ responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time.
Accordingly, the Company maintains an overboarding policy that prohibits directors from simultaneously serving on more than four
public company boards other than the Company’s Board and prohibiting Audit Committee members from simultaneously serving
on more than two public company audit committees other than the Company’s. No single factor or group of factors is necessarily dispositive
of whether a candidate will be recommended by our Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee will consider director candidates
recommended by stockholders and applies these same standards in evaluating individuals in that context. Candidates recommended
by stockholders must meet the criteria and qualifications described above. Stockholders may submit recommendations to our Corporate
Secretary at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Director nominations by our stockholders must follow the procedures
described in the “Additional Information—Submission of Stockholder Proposals and Other Items for 2022 Annual Meeting”
section of this Proxy Statement. Independence Our Guidelines require that at least a majority of the members
of our Board meet the criteria for independence under the rules and regulations of the NYSE. For a director to be considered independent
under the NYSE’s listing standards, the director must satisfy certain bright-line tests, and the Board must affirmatively
determine that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. Not less than annually, our Board evaluates
the independence of each non-management director on a case-by-case basis by considering any matters that could affect his or her
ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, including all transactions and relationships
between that director, members of his or her family and organizations with which that director or family members have an affiliation,
on the one hand, and us, our subsidiaries and our management, on the other hand. Any such matters are evaluated from the standpoint
of both the director and the persons or organizations with which the director has an affiliation. Each director abstains from participating
in the determination of his or her independence. Based on its most recent review, the Board has affirmatively determined
that each of our non-employee directors has no direct or indirect material relationship with us and qualifies as independent under
the NYSE’s listing standards. Ms. Cafaro is not considered independent under the NYSE listing standards due to her employment
as our CEO. The Board has also determined that: all of
    the members of the Audit Committee are independent under the applicable rules of the NYSE and under the independence standards
    for audit committee members under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”); all of the members of the Compensation Committee
    are independent, non-employee directors, under the applicable rules of the NYSE and the Securities and Exchange Commission
    (“SEC”) respectively; and all of the members of the Nominating Committee are
    independent under the applicable rules of the NYSE. 26 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS In evaluating the independence of Mr. Lustig, the Board considered
that he is employed by Lazard, which is a large multi-national financial institution that, with its affiliates, has provided financial
advisory and investment banking services for the Company and its subsidiaries, for which it may receive customary compensation,
fees and expense reimbursement. The Board did not believe that the Company’s relationship with Lazard impacted the independence
of Mr. Lustig for the following reasons: Lazard
    is a large multi-national financial institution and the Company has had a relationship with Lazard for many years prior to
    Mr. Lustig’s appointment to the Board; and amounts paid by the Company to Lazard for the services
    described above represent an immaterial percentage of Lazard’s and its affiliates’ gross revenues, are well below
    the amounts that would preclude a finding of independence under the NYSE listing standards and are immaterial to Mr. Lustig. Director Resignation Policy In accordance with our Director Resignation Policy, our Board
will nominate an incumbent director for election only if the director agrees that, in the event the director fails to receive the
required majority vote for election, they will tender an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon acceptance by the
Board. If an incumbent director fails to receive the required majority vote for election, our Nominating Committee will act on
an expedited basis to determine whether to recommend acceptance or rejection of the director’s resignation and submit its
recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board. Our Board will act on the Nominating Committee’s recommendation and
publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC no later
than 90 days following certification of the election results. Director Retirement Policy Under our Guidelines, a director is required to retire at the
first annual meeting of stockholders following their 75th birthday. On the recommendation of our Nominating Committee, our Board
may waive this requirement if it deems a waiver to be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Annual Board Self-Evaluation The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation
process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. The Board and each of its committees conduct self-evaluations
through completion of written questionnaires related to their performance on an annual basis. Through this process, directors provide
feedback and assess Board, committee and director performance, including areas where the Board believes it is functioning effectively
and areas where the Board believes it can improve. Our Nominating Committee supervises the annual self-evaluations
and uses various processes to solicit feedback, including periodic in-person interviews conducted by the Presiding Director with
each of the Board members. The Board and each committee review and discuss the evaluation results and take this information into
account when assessing the qualifications of the Board and further enhancing the effectiveness of the Board and its committees
over time. The Nominating Committee regularly reviews the size and composition
of the Board on a holistic basis, utilizing a matrix of identified skills, experiences and other criteria for maintaining an excellent,
independent Board in light of our changing requirements and seeks nominees who, taken together as a group, possess the skills,
diversity and expertise appropriate for an effective Board. Director Orientation and Continuing
Education All new directors participate in an orientation coordinated by
the Nominating Committee and management. New directors engage with senior management to review the Company’s strategic plans,
significant financial, accounting and risk management matters, compliance programs, corporate governance practices, key policies,
principal officers, internal and independent auditors and other key service providers. We provide new directors with written materials
to supplement the management meetings to permit them to further understand our business and industry. Informally, our directors
also meet individually with new directors as part of the new director onboarding. We expect our directors to remain well informed about issues currently
affecting the Company, the healthcare industry, the real estate investment trust industry, matters of corporate governance and
the economy. Because our Board believes that ongoing director education is vital to the development of best practices within the
Company and helps directors to fulfill their fiduciary duties to the Company’s stockholders, directors are encouraged to
participate in educational programs, seminars and conferences and the Company will pay all fees, costs and expenses of each director
to attend one director education program annually. 2021
    Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Our Corporate Governance Framework Strong Commitment to Good Governance
Practices Accountability to Stockholders Annual
        Board Elections Majority
        Voting for Directors Director
        Resignation Policy for Uncontested Director Elections Stockholders
        Right to Act by Written Consent Proxy
        Access Provided for in Our By-Laws Board Independence All
        Directors Except One Management Director are Independent Audit,
        Nominating and Compensation Committees are 100% Independent Independent
        Presiding Director Independent
        Directors Meet Without Management (generally at every meeting) 2020 Board & Committee Meetings 7
        Board Meetings 7
        Audit Committee Meetings 8
        Compensation Committee Meetings 3
        Nominating Committee Meetings 3
        Investment Committee Meetings Director Commitment Overboarding
        Policy: No More than Four Additional Public Company Boards Audit
        Committee Overboarding Policy: No More than Two Additional Public Company Audit Committees Board Performance Annual
        Board and Committee Evaluations Rigorous
        Annual Committee Chair Rotation Evaluation Process Annual
        Assessment of Board Leadership Structure and Election of Presiding Director Board
        Orientation for New Directors Alignment with Stockholder Interests Annual
        Director Equity Grants that Vest Over Two Years Robust
        Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines Anti-Hedging
        and Anti-Pledging Policy Commitment
        to Corporate Sustainability Board-level
        Oversight of Corporate Responsibility, ESG and Human Capital Management Corporate
        Governance Guidelines Code
        of Ethics and Business Conduct Robust Stockholder Engagement Year-Round
        Focused Process Outreach
        Program led by Compensation Committee Chair Typically
        Invite Top 50 Stockholders to Engage in Dialogue Director Diversity, Refreshment & Tenure Strong
        Track Record of Refreshment: <1-5 Years (5); >5-15 Years (4); >15 Years (2)* Recent
        Board Appointments: 2021 (Maurice S. Smith), 2020 (Marguerite M. Nader), 2019 (Sean P. Nolan) >35%
        Women with at Least Two Women Directors Since 2001* Director
        Ages: 40s (1); 50s (3); 60s (7)* Mandatory
        Retirement Age: 75 * Statistics
    provided for director nominees. 28 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Guidelines reflect the fundamental corporate governance principles
by which our Board and its committees operate. They set forth general practices the Board and its committees follow with respect
to structure, function, organization, composition and conduct. These guidelines are reviewed at least annually by the Nominating
Committee and are updated periodically in response to changing regulatory requirements, evolving corporate governance practices,
input from our stockholders and otherwise as circumstances warrant. Our Guidelines are available in the Corporate Governance section
of our website at www.ventasreit.com . We also provide copies of our Guidelines,
without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago, Illinois 60654. The information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Independent Compensation Advisor The Compensation Committee has retained an independent compensation
advisor, Semler Brossy Consulting Group (“Semler Brossy”), to provide advice regarding the overall executive and non-employee
director program structures, including (i) selecting appropriate peer companies for benchmarking purposes; (ii) setting base salaries
and incentive award opportunities; (iii) establishing and evaluating achievement of applicable performance measures and related
goals under our incentive plans; (iv) determining annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards for our executive officers;
and (v) setting cash and equity award levels for our non-employee directors. Semler Brossy reports to the Compensation Committee and received
no fees from us that are unrelated to its role as advisor to our Board and its committees during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Compensation Committee annually reviews the scope of work
provided by Semler Brossy, as required under the Compensation Committee Charter. After considering the specific independence factors
set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act and all other relevant facts and circumstances, the Compensation Committee concluded
in its reasonable business judgment that Semler Brossy met the independence criteria and determined that Semler Brossy’s
work for the Board and its committees during 2020 raised no conflict of interest. Transactions with Related Persons We did not have any related persons transactions during 2020. Our written Guidelines on Transactions with Related Persons requires
that any transaction involving us in which any of our directors, officers or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate family
members) has a direct or indirect material interest be approved or ratified by the Audit Committee, the disinterested members of
our Board or, in certain limited circumstances, the Chair of our Audit Committee. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
requires our directors, officers and employees to disclose in writing to our General Counsel any existing or proposed transaction
in which they have a personal interest, or in which there is or might appear to be a conflict of interest by reason of his or her
connection to another business organization. Our General Counsel reviews these matters with the Presiding Director to determine
whether the transaction raises a conflict of interest that warrants review and approval by the Audit Committee or the disinterested
members of the Board. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction, the Audit Committee or disinterested members of
the Board consider all relevant facts and circumstances and such other information as they deem appropriate, based on the information
available to them. Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging
of Our Securities Our insider trading policy includes an “anti-hedging”
provision that prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees and certain of their related persons (such as certain
of their family members or others designated to engage in transactions on their behalf) from buying or selling any put or call
options, warrants or similar derivative instruments with respect to Company securities, or any other financial instruments that
are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities. The policy also prohibits such individuals
from engaging in “short sales” with respect to Company securities. Our Securities Trading Policy also restricts our executive officers
and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans without the approval
of our Audit Committee. No executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in margin accounts at any time during 2020. 2021
    Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Code of Ethics Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct sets forth the
legal and ethical standards for conducting our business to which our directors, officers and employees, including our CEO, our
CFO and the directors, officers and employees of our subsidiaries must adhere. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct covers
all significant areas of professional conduct, including employment practices, conflicts of interest, unfair or unethical use of
corporate opportunities, protection of confidential information and other Company assets, compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
political activities and other public policy matters and proper and timely reporting of financial results. See also “Public
Policy Matters.” Human Rights and Vendor Code of Conduct Our Human Rights Policy reflects our commitment to upholding human
dignity and equal opportunity in all of our business functions under principles outlined in the United Nation’s Universal
Declaration of Human Rights. Our Vendor Code of Conduct is designed to educate our suppliers about our expectations for ethical
and responsible business dealings, including upholding human rights, protecting health and safety and pursuing environmental sustainability.
Our expectation is that our vendors will treat people with respect and dignity, encourage diversity, promote equal opportunity
for all and create an ethical and inclusive culture. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Human Rights
Policy and Vendor Code of Conduct are available in the Corporate Governance section of our corporate website at www.ventasreit.com .
We also provide copies of our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy and Vendor Code of Conduct, without
charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago,
Illinois 60654. Waivers from, and amendments to, our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that apply to our CEO, CFO or
persons performing similar functions will be timely posted on our corporate website at www.ventasreit.com .
The information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. No waivers were requested in 2020. Public Policy Matters We are committed to ethical business conduct. In our Global Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct, our Global Anti-Corruption Policy and our Political Contribution, Expenditure and Activity Policy,
we have established the policies and practices described below with respect to political contributions and other public policy
matters. Political Contributions and Expenditures We do not use corporate funds or resources for direct contributions
to federal political candidates, parties or campaigns, other than occasional de minimis use of our property, such as using a conference
room. Corporate resources include nonfinancial donations, such as the use of our property in a political campaign or our employees’
use of work time and telephones to solicit for a political cause or candidate. Promotion of Company Interests We do not have a political action committee. However, we may advocate
for a position, express a view or take other appropriate action with respect to legislative or political matters affecting our
Company or our interests. We may also ask our employees to make personal contact with governmental officials or to write letters
to present our position on specific issues. Any such advocacy is done in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Political Activities by Company Personnel We believe that our directors, officers and employees have rights
and responsibilities to participate in political activities as citizens, including voting in elections, keeping informed on political
matters, serving on civic bodies and contributing financially to and participating in the campaigns of, the political candidates
of their choice. Accordingly, our directors, officers and employees are not constrained from engaging in political activities,
making political contributions, expressing political views or taking action on any political or legislative matter, so long as
they are acting in their individual capacity, on their own time and at their own expense. Directors, officers and employees acting
in their individual capacity must not give the impression that they are speaking on our behalf or representing Ventas in such activities. Relationships with Government Officials Our directors, officers and employees may not maintain any relationship
or take any action with respect to public officials that could impugn our integrity or reputation. In particular, our directors,
officers and employees may not offer, promise or give anything of value, including payments, entertainment and gifts, to any government
official, employee, agent or other intermediary of the United States government or any domestic or foreign government. 30 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Board Leadership Structure Our Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities under
our Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws (the “By-Laws”) and Guidelines is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership
structure so as to provide effective oversight of management and a fully engaged, high-functioning Board. The Board understands
that no single approach to Board leadership is universally accepted and that the appropriate leadership structure may vary based
on a company’s size, industry, operations, history and culture. Consistent with this understanding, our Board, led by our Nominating
Committee, annually assesses its leadership structure in light of our operating and governance environment at the time to achieve
the optimal model for us and for our stockholders. Following its most recent review, the Board determined that our existing leadership
structure—under which our CEO also serves as Chairman of the Board and a Presiding Director assumes specific responsibilities
on behalf of the independent directors—is effective, provides the appropriate balance of authority between those persons
charged with overseeing our Company and those who manage it on a day-to-day basis and achieves the optimal governance model for
us and for our stockholders. Chairman The Chairman of the Board is selected annually by a majority vote
of the independent directors at the first Board meeting following the election of directors at the Company’s annual meeting
of stockholders. Ms. Cafaro has served as CEO and Chairman of the Board since 2003,
and our Board continues to believe that her combined role is most advantageous to us and our stockholders. Ms. Cafaro possesses
extensive knowledge of the issues, opportunities and risks facing us, our business and our industry and has consistently demonstrated
the vision and leadership necessary to focus the Board’s time and attention on the most critical matters and to facilitate
constructive dialogue among Board members on strategic issues. Moreover, the combined roles enable decisive leadership, clear accountability
and consistent communication of our message and strategy to all of our stakeholders. These leadership attributes are uniquely important
to our Company given the value to our business of opportunistic capital markets execution, our history of rapid and significant
growth and our culture of proactive engagement and risk management. Presiding Director Our Guidelines require that our independent directors
annually select one independent director to serve as Presiding Director. Mr. Shelton was elected by the independent directors
in May 2020 to serve as Presiding Director. Annual Election Elected annually by the independent non-employee directors Service Expected Generally expected to serve for more than one year James D. Shelton Independent Presiding Director since 2016 Specific Responsibilities: Presides
        at all meetings of our Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions and all other meetings
        of the independent directors Serves
        as liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors Reviews and comments on
information sent to the Board and approves Board meeting agendas and meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient
time for discussion of all agenda items Authority
        to call meetings of the independent directors Available
        for consultation and direct communication with stockholders Reviews
        with our General Counsel potential conflicts of interest and other corporate governance matters Discharges
        such other duties as may be assigned from time to time by the independent directors or the full Board 2021
    Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Board Roles and Responsibilities Overview Our directors provide guidance and strategic oversight to management
and review and regularly monitor the effectiveness of the Company’s financial and business plans, policies and decisions,
including the execution of its strategies and objectives. The Board is responsible for, among other things: overseeing
    the Company’s strategy, including major financial objectives, plans and actions; overseeing and evaluating management of the Company’s
    business; overseeing the processes established by management
    to assess, monitor and mitigate the major risks facing the Company; nominating, compensating and evaluating directors; selecting, compensating, evaluating and, when necessary,
    replacing the CEO and other executive officers and overseeing compensation policies generally applicable to employees of the
    Company; overseeing the implementation of policies and procedures
    designed to ensure legal and ethical conduct of the Company’s business activities, strong internal controls and fiscal
    accountability; making provision for a succession plan for the CEO
    and other executive officers; and evaluating the Board’s and its committees’
    structure, processes and performance. Board Meetings Our Board held a total of seven meetings during 2020. Each of our director nominees attended at least 90% of
        the total meetings of the Board and the Board committees on which they served that were held during the time they were
        a director in 2020, equating to a 99% average director attendance in 2020. We strongly encourage, but do not require, directors
        to participate in our annual meetings of stockholders. All directors who were nominated for election at our 2020 Annual
        Meeting of Stockholders participated in that meeting. Regular Executive Session Our independent directors meet in executive session, outside the
presence of management, at each regularly scheduled quarterly Board meeting and committee meeting, and at other times as necessary
or desirable. The Presiding Director chairs all regularly scheduled executive sessions of the Board and all other meetings of the
independent directors. Risk Management Management has primary responsibility for identifying and managing
our exposure to risk, subject to active oversight by our Board of the processes we establish to assess, monitor and mitigate that
exposure. The Board, directly and through its committees, routinely discusses with management our significant enterprise risks
and reviews the guidelines, policies and procedures we have in place to address those risks. At Board and committee meetings, directors
engage in comprehensive analyses and dialogue regarding specific areas of risk, including our enterprise risk management process.
This process enables our Board to focus on the strategic, financial, operational, legal, regulatory and other risks that are most
significant to us and our business in terms of likelihood and potential impact and ensures that our enterprise risks are well understood,
mitigated to the extent reasonable and consistent with the Board’s view of our risk profile and risk tolerance. As part of
management’s enterprise risk management process, management briefs the full Board on information and cybersecurity risks
and programs at least annually. Management identifies and assesses information security risks using industry practices aligned
to recommendations from the National Institute of Standards and Technology and engages independent security firms to conduct periodic
penetration tests in order to identify and remediate vulnerabilities. The Company has not experienced any material information
security breaches in the last three years and, as such, has not incurred any expenses related to information security breaches
in the last three years. The Company believes it is adequately insured against losses related to a potential information security
breach, and does not carry any cybersecurity insurance. 32 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS In addition to the overall risk oversight function administered
directly by our Board, each of our Audit, Compensation, Investment and Nominating Committees exercises its own oversight related
to the risks associated with the particular responsibilities of that committee: Audit
    Committee Compensation
    Committee Investment
    Committee Nominating
    Committee Reviews
        financial, accounting and internal control risks and the mechanisms through which we assess and manage risk Discusses with management the Company’s major financial risk exposures and steps taken to monitor and control such
exposures, including the Company’s risk assessment and risk management processes Reviews the Company’s information security and cybersecurity risks Evaluates whether our compensation policies and practices, as they relate to both executive officers and employees generally,
encourage excessive risk-taking Reviews risks and associated risk management activities related to human capital management Oversees certain transaction-related risks, including the review of transactions in excess of certain thresholds, with
existing tenants, operators, borrowers or managers, or that involve investments in non-core assets Reviews risks related to corporate governance, board effectiveness and succession planning Evaluates
        risks associated with non-executive director independence and related party transactions, when applicable The chair of each committee reports to the full Board at each
regularly scheduled Board meeting and other times as appropriate. Our Board believes that this division of responsibilities is
the most effective approach for identifying and addressing risk. Through Ms. Cafaro’s combined role as CEO and Chairman,
our Board leadership structure appropriately supports the Board’s role in risk oversight by facilitating prompt attention
by the Board and its committees to the significant enterprise risks identified by management in our day-to-day operations. Oversight of COVID-19 Risks The risk landscape associated with the COVID-19 pandemic has been,
and continues to be, discussed with the full Board as well as each of the Board committees, as appropriate. Over the course of
2020, management regularly updated our directors on the pandemic’s impacts to our business and the associated strategic,
operational and financial risks management identified. All directors were invited to attend all of the Audit Committee meetings
over the course of the year to receive updates relating to the financial impact of the pandemic on our business and our response.
Discussions with the Board and committees, which are continuing during 2021, have included, among other topics, capital conservation,
health and safety, investor communications and business continuity and information security. Compensation Risk Assessment As part of its risk oversight role, our Compensation Committee
annually considers, together with its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, whether our compensation policies and
practices for all employees, including our executive officers, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on our Company. In conducting its risk assessment, the Compensation Committee reviewed a report prepared by management regarding
our existing compensation plans and programs, in the context of our business risk environment. In its review, the Compensation
Committee noted several design features of our compensation programs that reduce the likelihood of excessive risk-taking, including
the following: review
    and approval by the Compensation Committee (and in the case of the CEO, the independent members of the Board) of the compensation
    structure, plan and awards for our executive officers and other employees; independent compensation consultant advises our
    Compensation Committee on executive compensation levels and program design; regular review of comparative compensation data
    to maintain competitive compensation levels in light of our industry, size and performance; a balanced mix of compensation with a strong emphasis
    on variable compensation and long-term equity awards; incentive award opportunities that (i) generally
    do not provide minimum guaranteed payouts, (ii) have capped payouts and (iii) are based on a range of performance outcomes; 2021 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS equity
    compensation—whether in the form of performance-based RSUs or time-based RSUs—to provide greater incentive to
    create and preserve long-term stockholder value and discourage excessive risk-taking; multiple performance metrics are used for incentive
    plans based on our business strategy and are often in tension with each other to balance risk (for example, goals which promote
    FFO growth and maintaining a strong balance sheet); time-based awards further align management to stockholder
    interests and discourage excessive risk-taking in pursuit of shorter-term financial objectives; equity incentive awards granted for future performance
    with multi-year vesting schedules/performance periods to enhance retention; and other policies, such as executive stock ownership
    guidelines, our recoupment policy and prohibition on hedging and pledging activities that further align executive and stockholder
    interests. Based on its evaluation, the Compensation Committee has determined,
in its reasonable business judgment, that our compensation practices and policies for all employees do not create risks that are
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company and instead promote behaviors that support long-term sustainability
and creation of stockholder value. Management Succession Planning Our Board regularly reviews short- and long-term succession plans
for the CEO and other senior management positions. In assessing possible CEO candidates, our independent directors identify the
skills, experience and attributes they believe are required to be an effective leader in light of the Company’s strategic
plan, business opportunities and challenges. The Board employs a similar approach with respect to evaluating possible candidates
for other senior management positions. In general, the Board’s management succession planning is designed to anticipate both
“planned” successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, as well as unexpected successions, such
as those occurring when an executive leaves suddenly to take a new position, or due to death, disability or other unforeseen events. Our Board has adopted an emergency succession plan to facilitate
the transition to both interim and long-term leadership in the unlikely event of an untimely vacancy in the position of CEO. Board Oversight of Human Capital Management The Compensation Committee provides oversight on certain human
capital matters, including our DE&I efforts, goals and framework. We report on human capital matters at each regularly scheduled
meeting of our Board. The most significant human capital measures and objectives that we focus on include talent attraction and
retention, DE&I and health and safety. 34 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Committee Information Committee Overview Audit
    Committee 7 Compensation
    Committee ** 8 Nominating
    Committee 3 Investment
    Committee ** 3 Executive
    Committee 0 § Information in the table above reflects our committee meetings
and Board composition as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. In 2021, Marguerite M. Nader was appointed to the Audit Committee
and Maurice S. Smith joined our Board. * Independent director Member ‡ Presiding director Chair § Only meets under extraordinary circumstances ** Effective as of the 2021 Annual Meeting, Richard I. Gilchrist will retire from the Board and as a member and Chair of the Compensation Committee and Investment Committee. The directors have selected Roxanne M. Martino, contingent upon her election as a director at the 2021 Annual Meeting, to serve as Chair of the Compensation Committee, and Matthew J. Lustig, contingent upon his election as a director at the 2021 Annual Meeting, to serve as Chair of the Investment Committee. Committee Composition, Leadership
Selection and Chair Rotation The Nominating Committee annually reviews and determines the makeup
of the Board’s committees and committee chairs, with a view toward balancing the benefits derived from continuity against
the benefits derived from diversity of experience and the viewpoints of each committee’s members. Our Guidelines specify
a rigorous annual evaluation process to determine whether to rotate a committee chair after a director’s service as a particular
committee chair approximates five years. This evaluation process is conducted on a holistic basis and a chair’s years of
service on a committee is a single factor in the analysis rather than a sole determinant as to whether a committee’s leadership
position should be rotated. Committee chair rotations may occur sooner or later than after a director has reached five years of
service as a committee chair. Recent Committee Changes In January 2021, Marguerite M. Nader was appointed to our Audit
Committee. In addition, effective as of the 2021 Annual Meeting, Richard I. Gilchrist will retire from the Board and as a member
and the Chair of our Compensation Committee and Investment Committee. The directors have selected Roxanne M. Martino, contingent
upon her election as a director at the 2021 Annual Meeting, to serve as Chair of the Compensation Committee, and Matthew J. Lustig,
contingent upon his election as a director at the 2021 Annual Meeting, to serve as Chair of the Investment Committee, following
Mr. Gilchrist’s retirement. Our Board has approved other committee rotations following the
2021 Annual Meeting and contingent upon the election of the director nominees as directors at the 2021 Annual Meeting, including:
adding Maurice S. Smith to the Audit Committee, moving Sean P. Nolan from the Audit Committee to the Compensation Committee, adding
Roxanne M. Martino to the Executive Committee and adding Walter C. Rakowich to the Executive and Investment Committees. Committee Charters Our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee
each operates under a written charter that is available in the Corporate Governance section of our corporate website at www.ventasreit.com .
We also provide copies of these charters, without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices
at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. 2021 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Committee Roles & Responsibilities Our Board has five standing committees that perform certain delegated
functions on behalf of the Board. Audit
    and Compliance Committee 2020 Meetings: 7 Current Members: Walter C. Rakowich (Chair), Melody C. Barnes, Marguerite
        M. Nader, Sean P. Nolan Key Responsibilities Oversees
    the quality and integrity of our financial statements Reviews
    annual and quarterly financial statements Solely
    responsible for appointing, compensating and overseeing independent registered public accounting firm Pre-approves
    all audit and non-audit services Supervises
    the performance of our internal audit function Oversees
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Reviews
    and discusses financial, accounting, internal control and information and cybersecurity security risks with management All Members Independent Satisfy
    the independence standards of the SEC rules and regulations and the NYSE listing standards, including the additional independence
    requirements for audit committee members Our Board
    has determined that each current and proposed member is financially literate and that Messrs. Nolan, Rakowich and Smith and
    Ms. Nader qualify as “audit committee financial experts” for purposes of the SEC’s rules Compensation
    Committee 2020
    Meetings: 8 Current Members: Richard I. Gilchrist (Chair), Roxanne M. Martino (to
        become Chair), James D. Shelton Key Responsibilities Designs,
    reviews, approves and administers all aspects of executive compensation Reviews
    and makes recommendations on non-employee director compensation Reviews
    and approves corporate goals and objectives for our executive officers Evaluates
    our executive officers’ performance in light of the corporate goals and objectives Oversees
    incentive and equity-based compensation programs Reviews
    and approves any compensation recovery (clawback) Reviews
    our human capital management programs and initiatives All Members Independent Satisfy
    the independence standards of the SEC rules and regulations and the NYSE listing standards, including the additional independence
    requirements for compensation committee members Our Board
    has determined that each current and proposed member of the Compensation Committee meets the additional requirements for “nonemployee
    directors” set forth in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act 36 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND BOARD MATTERS Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee 2020 Meetings: 3 Current Members: James D. Shelton (Chair), Melody C. Barnes, Jay M. Gellert,
        Robert D. Reed Key Responsibilities Develops
    and recommends a set of corporate governance principles Reviews
    and advises the Board on corporate governance issues and practices Evaluates
    the size and composition of our Board and its committees Develops
    and recommends Board membership criteria Identifies,
    evaluates and recommends qualified director nominees Manages
    annual Board and committee evaluation process Reviews
    and oversee responses regarding stockholder proposals Assists
    our Board in reviewing succession planning for the executive officers All Members Independent Our
    Board has determined that each member of the Nominating Committee is independent and satisfies the NYSE listing standards Investment
    Committee 2020 Meetings: 3 Current Members: Richard I. Gilchrist (Chair), Debra A. Cafaro, Jay M.
        Gellert, Matthew J. Lustig (to become Chair), Roxanne M. Martino, Robert D. Reed Key Responsibilities Reviews
    and approves certain proposed acquisitions and dispositions of properties and other investments in accordance with our Third
    Amended and Restated Investment and Divestiture Approval Procedures Executive
    Committee 2020 Meetings: 0 Current Members: James D. Shelton (Chair), Debra A. Cafaro, Jay M. Gellert,
        Matthew J. Lustig, Robert D. Reed Key Responsibilities Directs
    the management of our business and affairs in emergency situations when it is impracticable to convene the full Board Only Meets Under Extraordinary Circumstances No
    meetings in 2020 2021 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Stockholder Engagement Our Board and senior management value frequent and regular engagement
with our stockholders to improve our accountability, promote transparency, improve our understanding of stockholder expectations
and increase the Board’s accountability to stockholders. We maintain an active and broad-based stockholder outreach program,
communicating with and seeking input from stockholders on issues of importance to them, including a variety of topics related to
our corporate governance practices, executive compensation, ESG matters and business strategy. Our stockholder engagement and outreach activities occur year-round,
as detailed in the table below, and generally occur in the following contexts: Our executive officers, investor relations team and other members of senior management share information and speak with
    hundreds of investors in a variety of settings and formats. For example, during a typical year, we will deliver presentations
    at industry conferences, hold investor calls, attend analyst meetings and engage in small group or one-on-one
    conversations. Our Compensation Committee Chair
leads a proactive stockholder outreach program each fall. In connection with this program, we invite stockholders to engage with
us about our corporate governance practices, executive compensation, ESG matters and any other issues of concern or interest to
the stockholders. We believe this year-round engagement provides stockholders
with visibility and transparency into our business and performance, allows us to connect with stockholders to share viewpoints
and expectations and allows us to assess emerging issues that may affect our business and our approach to governance and inform
our decision making. Stockholder Engagement Cycle Fall Winter Spring Summer • Comprehensive engagement with stockholders to gather feedback following the Annual Meeting
    and discuss developments in the Company’s business and strategy, Board and corporate governance matters, executive compensation,
    ESG matters and other topics of interest • Review of stockholder feedback and consideration of potential changes to corporate governance,
    executive compensation program and proxy disclosures • Pre-Annual Meeting engagement to update stockholders and gather feedback on compensation
    and governance changes and to discuss items on Annual Meeting agenda • Review feedback and results from the Annual Meeting and plan for Fall engagement Conversations at Investor Conferences, Investor Calls, Analyst Meetings and Other
    Activity Throughout the Year 2020 Stockholder Outreach Program As a continuation of our robust Board-driven stockholder engagement
program, over the past year, we invited our top 50 stockholders, representing approximately 70% of our outstanding shares,
to participate in our stockholder outreach program. We ultimately met with 11 different stockholders , representing approximately 20% of our outstanding shares. The remainder of the stockholders we contacted confirmed that they did not view a discussion
to be necessary or did not respond to our request. Our Compensation Committee Chair, an independent director, led these stockholder
calls. Our incoming Compensation Committee Chair, Roxanne Martino, the Board and management have committed to continue these efforts. Based on our conversations, we understand stockholders are generally
supportive of our executive compensation program, our ESG program and commitment to DE&I and our responsiveness to stockholders.
The stockholders we spoke with also indicated they recognize the COVID-19 pandemic presented challenges to our business that were
extreme due to our senior housing and healthcare focus and could be expected to have a negative impact on our annual incentive
payouts for 2020 as well as our long-term, performance-based incentive compensation. Some of our stockholders expressed specific
concerns about retention given the potential negative impact of the pandemic on our executive compensation program for future periods
and the need for 38 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND
BOARD MATTERS continued experienced leadership. Separately, some stockholders
expressed the view that we give too much weight to the TSR metrics in our long-term performance award program, while others indicated
a preference for greater clarity in our disclosures with respect to the performance metrics in our incentive compensation programs.
All stressed that ESG and DE&I matters should continue to be an expanding focus for management, the Board and the Company. Some of the actions we have taken in response to stockholder
comments are discussed in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis–Stockholder Input” section of this Proxy
Statement. Contacting the Board of Directors Stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly
with our Board or any director on Board-related issues may do so. Communication Letter Email Communicate directly with the Board on Board-related issues Board of Directors c/o Corporate Secretary Ventas, Inc. 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300 Chicago, Illinois 60654 bod@ventasreit.com Communicate with the Presiding Director or the independent directors as a group Presiding Director Ventas, Inc. 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300 Chicago, Illinois 60654 independentbod@ventasreit.com Communications addressed to our Board or individual members
of the Board are screened by our Corporate Secretary for appropriateness before distribution to the Board, or to any individual
director or directors, as applicable. 2021 Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Non-Employee Director Compensation Structure of Directors’ Compensation Our Board believes that the compensation paid to our non-employee
directors should (i) be competitive with the S&P 500 and our Compensation Peer Group, consisting of publicly traded REITs with
similar enterprise values and total assets, as further described in “Compensation Discussion and Analysis–Procedures
for Determining Compensation–Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process” and (ii) enable us to attract and retain
individuals of the highest quality to serve as our directors. In addition, the Board believes that a significant portion of non-employee
director compensation should align director interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, non-employee
directors receive a combination of cash and equity-based compensation for their services. Each of these components is described
below. We also reimburse each non-employee director for travel and other expenses associated with attending Board and committee
meetings, director education programs and other Board-related activities. Ms. Cafaro, the only member of the Board employed by
us, does not receive compensation for her service as a director. Reduction to Directors’ Compensation
in 2020 In light of the changed business and economic circumstances
facing the Company in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in May 2020, the Compensation Committee recommended and the Board approved
adjustments to non-employee director compensation to reduce their quarterly retainers (excluding committee or meeting fees) from
$27,500 to $22,000 effective July 1, 2020 and for the remainder of fiscal year 2020. Elements of Non-Employee Director Compensation Annual Retainer (1) $ 110,000 Supplemental Annual Retainer for Presiding Director $ 25,000 Supplemental Annual Retainer for Chair of $ 25,000 Audit Committee Compensation Committee Supplemental Annual Retainer for Nominating Committee Chair $ 20,000 Supplemental Annual Retainer for Members of $ 20,000 Audit Committee Compensation Committee Supplemental Annual Retainer for Members of Nominating Committee $ 15,000 Excess Board and Committee Meeting Fees (2) $ 1,500 Annual Stock Grant under the Company’s Directors’ Stock Compensation Plan (3) Number of shares having a grant date market value of $175,000 Initial Stock Grant under the Company’s Director’s Stock Compensation Plan Number of shares having a grant date market value equal to a pro rata portion of $175,000 Stock Ownership Guidelines 5 times Basic Annual Retainer (1) Reflects planned annual retainer for 2020, without considering the reduction described above that was made in response to the
COVID-19 pandemic. Pursuant to our Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (the “Director Deferred
Compensation Plan”), non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of their cash retainers and meeting
fees. Deferred fees are credited to each participating director in the form of stock units, based on the fair market value of our
common stock on the deferral date. 40 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND
BOARD MATTERS (2) Each non-employee director receives $1,500 for each Board meeting attended in excess of the eighth Board meeting held during
the year; $1,500 for each Audit, Compensation or Nominating Committee meeting attended in excess of the sixth committee meeting
held during the year; and $1,500 for each Investment or Executive Committee meeting attended during the year in each case, unless
the meeting was 30 minutes or less. (3) Shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units are granted to our non-employee directors and vest 50% on the subsequent
annual meeting date and 50% on the next succeeding annual meeting date. Review of Non-Employee Director Compensation Our Compensation Committee is responsible for annually reviewing
the amount and types of compensation to be paid to our non-employee directors and recommending any changes to our non-employee
director compensation program for approval by our Board. As part of its annual review, the Compensation Committee may consider
(i) the director compensation levels of the Company’s peer group of companies and (ii) director compensation levels at competing
S&P 500 companies and other relevant compensation and benchmarking information contained in surveys compiled by Nareit, Spencer
Stuart or the National Association of Corporate Directors. In December 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed market
data and received advice from Semler Brossy, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, regarding
appropriate levels of director compensation for 2020. The Compensation Committee concluded that the existing compensation levels
were competitive and positioned appropriately and therefore recommended making no changes to the director compensation program
for 2020. As discussed above, in light of the changed business and economic circumstances facing the Company as a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic, in May 2020, the Compensation Committee recommended and the Board approved adjustments to non-employee director
compensation for the second half of the fiscal year. Our Compensation Committee did not recommend any changes to the 2021 non-employee
director compensation program from the pre-pandemic 2020 program. 2020 Non-Employee Director Compensation
Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid
to, or earned by, each of our non-employee directors during 2020: Name Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) Total Melody
    C. Barnes $135,500 $174,978 $310,478 Jay M. Gellert 118,500 174,978 293,478 Richard I. Gilchrist 131,500 174,978 306,478 Matthew J. Lustig 103,500 174,978 278,478 Roxanne M. Martino 126,500 174,978 301,478 Marguerite
    M. Nader (3) 42,804 155,337 198,141 Sean P. Nolan 120,500 174,978 295,478 Walter C. Rakowich 123,591 174,978 298,569 Robert D. Reed 123,772 174,978 298,750 James D.
    Shelton 167,000 174,978 341,978 (1) The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflect quarterly retainer and meeting fees described above under
“–Elements of Non-Employee Director Compensation.” Of the amounts shown in this column, the following directors
elected to defer all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees pursuant to our Director Deferred Compensation Plan and were
credited with the following stock units: Mr. Gellert, $118,500 or 3,266 units; Mr. Lustig, $103,500 or 2,853 units; Ms. Martino,
$126,500 or 3,468 units; and Mr. Shelton, $83,500 or 2,303 units. (2) The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represent the full grant date fair value of shares of restricted stock or restricted
stock units (excluding stock units credited in lieu of retainer and meeting fees) granted to each non-employee director in 2020,
calculated pursuant to FASB guidance regarding fair value provisions for share-based awards. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating
grant date fair value. Directors are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested shares of restricted stock and dividend equivalents
on vested and unvested restricted stock units. As of December 31, 2020, the aggregate number of unvested shares of restricted stock
and restricted stock units and the aggregate number of shares underlying unexercised stock options (all of which are vested) held
by each non-employee director were as follows (shown on a post-Spin-off basis): 2021 Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS Name Unvested Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Shares Underlying Unexercised Vested Stock Options Melody C. Barnes 6,802 shares 0 shares Jay M. Gellert 6,802 shares 5,940 shares Richard I. Gilchrist 6,802 shares 8,934 shares Matthew J. Lustig 6,802 shares 9,731 shares Roxanne M. Martino 6,802 shares 0 shares Marguerite M. Nader 4,169 shares 0 shares Sean P. Nolan 6,489 shares 0 shares Walter C. Rakowich 6,802 shares 0 shares Robert D. Reed 6,802 shares 5,940 shares James D. Shelton 6,802 shares 5,940 shares (3) Ms. Nader was appointed to the Board on July 6, 2020 and thus received cash compensation commensurate with the remaining calendar
year, while also receiving an initial stock grant. Minimum Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee
Directors Our minimum stock ownership guidelines require each non-employee
director to maintain a minimum number of shares of our common stock with a value not less than five times the current annual cash
retainer (currently $110,000) paid to such director for service on our Board (excluding, among other things, any additional retainer
paid for service as a committee member or committee chair or the Presiding Director). Each non-employee director must satisfy the
minimum share ownership levels within five years from the date that they first become subject to the guidelines (or, upon any increase
in the annual cash retainer, within five years from the date of such increase to satisfy the guidelines with respect to such incremental
amount) and, until such time, must retain 100% of the shares of our common stock or stock units granted to him or her as compensation
minus any shares withheld by the director under our share withholding program to pay taxes on the vesting of shares. All our nonemployee
directors are currently in compliance with these guidelines, after taking into consideration the transition period for new directors. 42 Table of Contents Our Executive Officers Set forth below is certain biographical information about our
executive officers. Ages shown for all executive officers are as of the date of the 2021 Annual Meeting. Debra A. Cafaro, 63 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ms. Cafaro has been our Chief Executive Officer and a director since 1999 and Chairman of our
        Board of Directors since 2003. She also served as our President from 1999 to November 2010. In addition to her work at
        Ventas, Ms. Cafaro is broadly engaged across the business, public policy, arts, academic, sports and non-profit sectors.
        She serves on the Board of Directors of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., a bank holding company and financial services
        corporation (NYSE: PNC). Additionally, Ms. Cafaro is the Chair of the Real Estate Roundtable, a public policy organization
        that brings together leaders of the nation’s top real estate firms to address key national policy issues relating
        to real estate; the Chair of the Executive Committee and a Member of the Board of Directors of The Economic Club of Chicago,
        whose mission is to foster meaningful connections among the city’s leaders on important economic and social issues;
        a member of the Business Council, a private association of chief executive officers; serves on the Boards of Trustees
        for the University of Chicago and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra; and was appointed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel to successive
        terms on the Board of the Chicago Infrastructure Trust (2015 to 2019). Prior to joining Ventas, Ms. Cafaro was President
        and a director of an NYSE-listed multi-family REIT, a practicing lawyer for 13 years and a judicial clerk for the Hon.
        J. Dickson Phillips, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Ms. Cafaro earned her B.A. magna cum laude from the
        University of Notre Dame and her J.D. cum laude from the University of Chicago Law School, where she was named its 2011
        Distinguished Alumna. Widely acclaimed for her strategic vision and enduring business success, Ms. Cafaro has received
        multiple professional recognitions including being named in Harvard Business Review’s The CEO 100 for six consecutive
        years – one of only 14 global CEOs to have attained this honor – and as one of Modern Healthcare’s 100
        Most Influential People in Healthcare six times. To honor her contributions to her industries, Ms. Cafaro received the
        Industry Leadership Award from the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit), where she previously
        served as Chair, and, in 2019, she was inducted into the ASHA (American Seniors Housing Association) Senior Living Hall
        of Fame. Ms. Cafaro is also a Member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences, an honorary society, and an
        owner and member of the Management Committee of the NHL Pittsburgh Penguins, back to back Stanley Cup Champions in 2016
        and 2017. Robert F. Probst, 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Probst has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2014.
        As a member of the Ventas executive leadership team, Mr. Probst plays a key role in all aspects of finance, accounting,
        IT, tax, strategy and investor relations. Prior to joining Ventas, Mr. Probst served as Senior Vice President and Chief
        Financial Officer of Beam Inc., a global spirits distributor, from its inception as a standalone publicly traded spirits
        company in October 2011 to its sale to Suntory Holdings Limited in May 2014. Mr. Probst also previously served as Vice
        President of Finance, Strategy and M&A for the Medication Delivery business division at Baxter International, Inc.,
        a multinational healthcare company, and he spent eight years with UK-based Diageo PLC, a British multinational beverage
        alcohol company, most recently as its Chief Financial Officer, Global Supply. His early career in finance began with roles
        at The Pillsbury Company, a flour miller and food products manufacturer, and as a Commercial Lending Officer with The
        Northern Trust Bank, a financial services company. In addition to his work for Ventas, Mr. Probst is a member of The Economic Club of Chicago, and
        he serves on the boards of the Chicago Botanic Garden and Camp Kesem, a nationwide community supporting children who have
        lost a parent to cancer, have a parent undergoing cancer treatment, or whose parent is a cancer survivor. He is also a
        member of the advisory board of the Duke University Financial Economics program. In 2018, he was named the Chicago Public
        Company CFO of the Year by the Chicago Chapter of Financial Executives International (FEI), and, in 2019, he was named
        FEI’s Public Company Financial Executive of the year, a national award. Mr. Probst earned his B.A. degree with honors
        in Economics from Duke University and received his M.B.A. degree with highest honors in Finance and Accounting from The
        University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 2021 Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Peter J. Bulgarelli, 62 Executive Vice President, Office, Ventas, Inc. President and CEO, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. Mr. Bulgarelli is
the Executive Vice President, Office of Ventas, Inc. and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Lillibridge Healthcare
Services, Inc. (“LHS”), a fully integrated medical office building (“MOB”) operating
company and wholly owned subsidiary of Ventas. As a member of the Ventas executive leadership team, Mr. Bulgarelli is
responsible for Ventas’s growing integrated Office platform which combines the LHS MOB and university-based life
science and research and innovation center portfolios, as well as its healthcare asset management team. Mr. Bulgarelli joined
Ventas in 2018 following a successful 28-year career at Jones Lang LaSalle, a global professional services firm specializing
in real estate, where he most recently led their industry-focused businesses including life sciences, higher education and
academic medical centers. Mr. Bulgarelli serves on the Board of Directors of PMB Real
        Estate Services, LLC, a real estate service firm, and Ardent Health Services, a hospital and healthcare company, and he was the
        Illinois Board Chair for the American Diabetes Association. Mr. Bulgarelli earned his B.S. in civil engineering from the University
        of Illinois and received his M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Business. John D. Cobb, 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Mr. Cobb has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Investment
        Officer since March 2013; he previously served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer beginning in 2010. As
        a member of the Ventas executive leadership team, Mr. Cobb is responsible for Ventas’s extensive acquisition, disposition
        and investment strategy across multiple healthcare sectors including senior housing, life science & innovation centers,
        medical office buildings and hospitals. Prior to joining Ventas, Mr. Cobb served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Senior
        Lifestyle Corporation, an owner, operator and developer of senior living communities. He spent much of his formative career at
        General Electric (GE) in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently serving as Senior Managing Director of GE Healthcare
        Financial Services. In addition to his work at Ventas, Mr. Cobb serves as a member of the Executive Board of the American Seniors Housing Association (ASHA), the premier source for research, conferences and advocacy for senior housing and on the Board of the Geneva Lake Conservancy, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to the preservation of open space, ecology and history. Mr. Cobb earned his B.A. degree in Finance from Lehigh University. 44 Table of Contents OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS J. Justin Hutchens, 46 Executive Vice President, Senior Housing Mr. Hutchens has been our Executive Vice President, Senior Housing
        since March 2021 and previously served as our Executive Vice President, Senior Housing, North America beginning in March 2020.
        As a member of the Ventas executive leadership team, Mr. Hutchens is responsible for Ventas’s Senior Housing portfolio. Prior
        to joining Ventas, Mr. Hutchens served as Chief Executive Officer for HC-One, where he led the company through a significant period
        of refinement and growth resulting in Britain’s largest residential and nursing care home operator. Prior to that, Mr. Hutchens
        held senior executive and leadership positions in various publicly traded and private equity-backed organizations, including serving
        as President of HCP (now Healthpeak Properties, Inc.), a healthcare real estate investment trust (NYSE: PEAK), Chief Executive
        Officer, Chief Operating Officer and President of National Health Investors (NYSE: NHI), a real estate investment trust specializing
        in senior housing, and Chief Operating Officer of Emeritus Corporation, a senior living company that was the largest operator of
        assisted living facilities in the United States during his tenure and which was acquired in 2014 by Brookdale Senior Living, Inc.
        (NYSE: BKD). A frequent speaker on investment practices, company performance
        and senior housing and care operations, Mr. Hutchens was recognized in Forbes Magazine’s Top 20 “Most Powerful CEOs
        Age 40 and Under” list for four consecutive years. In addition to his work at Ventas, Mr. Hutchens currently serves on the
        Board of Directors of Eclipse Senior Living, a national manager of senior housing communities, and the National Investment Center
        for Seniors Housing. Mr. Hutchens earned his B.S. in Human Services from the University of Northern Colorado and his M.S. in Management
        from Regis University. Carey S. Roberts, 50 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Ethics & Compliance Officer Ms. Roberts has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel
        and Ethics & Compliance Officer since March 2020. She also serves as our Corporate Secretary and principal counsel to
        our Board of Directors. As a member of the Ventas executive leadership team, Ms. Roberts is responsible for Ventas’s legal,
        compliance and enterprise risk management functions. Prior to joining Ventas, Ms. Roberts was Executive Vice President, Chief Legal
        Officer and Corporate Secretary of Assurant, Inc., a global provider of risk management products and services (NYSE: AIZ). Prior
        to that, Ms. Roberts served as Deputy General Counsel, Global Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of Marsh &
        McLennan Companies, Inc., a global professional services firm (NYSE: MMC) and as a partner in the corporate practice of Covington &
        Burling LLP, an international law firm, where she counseled companies in a wide range of industries, including financial services,
        pharmaceuticals, biotechnology and information technology. In addition to her work at Ventas, Ms. Roberts is a member of
        the Board of Directors of The American Alpine Club. She received her bachelor’s degree from the University of Chicago and
        her J.D. from the George Washington University Law School, both with honors. 2021 Proxy Statement 45 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Proposal
    2: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers At the 2021 Annual Meeting, we are asking you to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation
        of the Company’s Named Executive Officers. Our Compensation Committee believes that our executive compensation program
        achieves our objectives of retaining and motivating talented executives and rewarding superior performance while discouraging
        excessive risk-taking. The program supports a performance- and achievement-oriented environment that is geared toward
        delivering sustained, superior returns to stockholders. Accordingly, our Board recommends that stockholders vote in favor of the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the
        Company’s Named Executive Officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, including the Compensation Discussion and
        Analysis, compensation tables and the related narrative disclosure.” Although the results of the stockholder vote on this proposal are non-binding, the Compensation
        Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation decisions. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation
        of our Named Executive Officers. 46 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) summarizes
our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and programs, the compensation decisions made under those programs and the factors
considered by our Compensation Committee in making those decisions. The CD&A focuses on the compensation of our Named Executive
Officers for 2020: Name Title Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert F.
    Probst Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Cobb Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer J. Justin
    Hutchens Executive Vice President, Senior Housing Carey S. Roberts Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Ethics & Compliance Officer Executive Overview The compensation of our Named Executive Officers is closely linked to our performance
as a Company and to our total shareholder return. More than 80% of the compensation for each of our Named Executive Officers is
variable and at risk; for our CEO, more than 90% is variable and at risk. Large swings in our stock price and other unforeseen
events can therefore have a significant impact on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, as was the case in 2020. Our Company Ventas, an S&P 500 company, operates at the intersection of two powerful and
dynamic industries – healthcare and real estate. As one of the world’s foremost REITs, we use the power of capital
and our team’s expertise to unlock the value of real estate, partnering with leading care providers, developers, research
and medical institutions, innovators and healthcare organizations. We have a highly diversified portfolio of senior housing, life science, R&I
and healthcare properties located throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2020, we owned
or invested in approximately 1,200 properties consisting of senior housing communities, medical office buildings, life science,
research and innovation centers, inpatient rehabilitation facilities and long-term acute care facilities, and health systems. For more than 20 years, Ventas has followed a successful, enduring strategy. Working
with industry-leading tenants, operators and partners and supported by a collaborative and experienced team, we are focused on
producing consistent, growing cash flows and superior returns on a strong balance sheet for the benefit of our stockholders, while
maintaining a diversified portfolio of high-quality assets. 2020 Performance We began 2020 with strong momentum, delivering financial performance for the first
quarter of 2020 that was ahead of expectations. The COVID-19 pandemic then began to impact the world, our industry and our business.
The rapid spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting public health crisis were accompanied by a historic increase in unemployment,
significant GDP decline, unstable financial markets, widespread government restrictions on commercial activity and the need to
quickly adopt social distancing and other protective measures. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, a significant
impact on our business and our tenants, operators and partners, many of whom are on the frontline of responding to the pandemic
by providing care to seniors, patients and other vulnerable members of our communities. In particular, a significant portion of
our business is in senior housing, an industry that was particularly hard hit by the pandemic. Other segments of our portfolio
were also affected, as healthcare providers wrestled to respond to the pandemic while facing supply shortages and losses in revenue. In the face of this extraordinary crisis, our team rose to the challenge, demonstrating
resilience, agility and high productivity while holding firm to our core values of integrity, transparency and accountability and
our commitment to corporate citizenship. Thanks to their efforts, we responded to the COVID-19 pandemic effectively, protecting
the Company and its stakeholders while also making progress on our strategic priorities and finding ways to grow. 2021 Proxy Statement 47 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COVID-19 Responsiveness Prioritized health and
        safety of employees, residents, tenants, operators and partners, serving as a critical resource for information and best practices
        and leading our industry in providing COVID-19 testing and financial support to tenants, operators and other partners who were
        adversely affected by the pandemic Served as a strong advocate
        for the senior housing industry in front of U.S. federal law and policy makers, with the Department of Health & Human
        Services ultimately making funding from its Provider Relief Fund available to assisted living communities Addressed the impact of the COVID-19
        pandemic proactively in our senior housing portfolio, implementing mutually beneficial arrangements with multiple tenants and retaining upside in a future recovery of the industry Executed a multi-pronged capital
        conservation strategy to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our business, including by reducing our planned capital expenditures
        and capital commitments by $0.3 billion, reducing our quarterly dividend by 43% to $0.45 per share beginning in the second
        quarter (conserving $0.5 billion of cash on an annualized basis) and adjusting the Company’s corporate cost structure, resulting
        in nearly $30 million in reduced G&A expenses compared to 2019 Provided enhanced benefits
        to employees, including access to mental health resources and enhanced training programs and resources, to help employees address
        challenges created or exacerbated by the pandemic Financial Objectives Delivered net income attributable to common stockholders of $1.17 per share, Nareit FFO (1) of $3.37 per share and Normalized FFO (1) of $3.32 per share, which represented 90% of the midpoint of our pre-pandemic guidance Capital Management Built financial strength and
        flexibility throughout the year, ending 2020 with $3 billion in liquidity Recycled capital by receiving
        nearly $1 billion in proceeds through the opportunistic disposition of assets, and receipt of loan repayments, at a 5.3% capitalization
        rate, recognizing gains of $263 million Stock Performance Outperformed the Nareit Healthcare REIT Index with 2020 Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) of (9.7)% Strategic & Growth Actions Established the Company’s
        third-party capital platform, Ventas Investment Management, which now has $3.7 billion of assets under management, bringing
        together our third-party capital ventures, including the Ventas LS&HC Fund, which we launched in March 2020, and our R&I
        development joint venture with GIC, which was formed in October 2020 Acquired, through the Ventas
        LS&HC Fund, a portfolio of three premier life sciences properties in the South San Francisco life science cluster for
        $1.0 billion and completed 10 other acquisitions for an aggregate consideration of approximately $250 million Advanced ground-up development
        of four R&I properties containing nearly 1.5 million square feet ESG Recognition Recognized as 2020 Nareit Health
        Care “Leader in the Light” for the fourth consecutive year Included in Bloomberg
        Gender-Equality Index for the second consecutive year Included in the 2020 Dow Jones
        Sustainability World Index for the second consecutive year Maintained industry-leading
        position in GRESB Senior Leadership Appointments Appointed J. Justin Hutchens
        Executive Vice President, Senior Housing, North America, effective March 4, 2020 Appointed Carey S. Roberts
        Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Ethics & Compliance Officer, effective March 4, 2020 (1) Nareit FFO and Normalized FFO are not calculated according to U.S.
    GAAP. Please see Annex A for additional information and a reconciliation to Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders,
    the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 48 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2020 Compensation Highlights During 2020, we: Rewarded non-executive
employees for their dedication and performance throughout the pandemic, including by assuming significant additional responsibilities,
and took action to promote retention, maintain continuity and manage risk during a critical period by: Providing non-executive employees with 2020 bonus payouts that were at least 118% of target and 2020 long-term equity award payouts that
were between target and maximum, Granting long-term equity awards more widely and deeply throughout the organization compared to prior years and Providing non-executive employees who exhibited superior performance and raised increased retention risk with supplemental long-term
equity awards Provided enhanced benefits
to employees, including access to mental health resources and enhanced training programs and resources, to help employees address
challenges created or exacerbated by the pandemic Made no material changes to the 2020 compensation structure for our NEOs compared to 2019 — we did not increase
base salaries or incentive opportunities Reduced the 2020 base salaries
of our CEO and other executive officers by 20% and 10%, respectively, effective June 1, 2020, in response to the pandemic Reduced the quarterly retainer
for our independent directors by 20% for the second half of 2020 in response to the pandemic Maintained corporate performance
metrics of our 2020 annual incentive plan and 2018-2020 performance-based restricted stock units, which were set in January
2020 and January 2018, respectively, despite the material negative impact of the pandemic on our business Demonstrated stockholder alignment
by applying negative discretion to the annual incentive payout for our CEO, reducing her to a below target payout Certified payouts on our 2018-2020
performance-based restricted stock units at between 36% and 39% of target for all NEOs eligible for awards based on metrics established
in January 2018 2020 Executive Compensation Structure Our compensation programs are designed to ensure that the vast majority of total
direct compensation of our Named Executive Officers is variable and not guaranteed. Our variable compensation comprises 91% of
our CEO’s 2020 compensation package and at least 82% of the 2020 compensation package for each of our other Named Executive
Officers, as reflected in the chart below. 2021 Proxy Statement 49 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2020 Executive Compensation Results Payouts to our Named Executive Officers for the annual and long-term performance
periods completed in 2020 were determined based on the metrics, goals and weightings established at the beginning of the performance
periods and were not adjusted despite the material negative impact of the pandemic on our business. As more fully discussed below,
payouts for the 2020 annual incentive plan ranged from 85-95% of target for Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb, while payouts
under our 2018-2020 pRSU awards, which represented 60% of the 2018 long-term equity opportunity for Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst
and Cobb, were less than 40% of target. Shown below are the actual payouts these executives earned under each program versus the
opportunity. As new employees, Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts were not eligible for payouts under the 2018-2020 performance-based
restricted stock awards and received guaranteed target payouts under the 2020 annual incentive plan pursuant to the terms of their
offer letters. 50 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Stockholder Input We have a longstanding practice of engaging with our stockholders on executive
compensation and taking appropriate action considering feedback received. Additionally, each year the Compensation Committee considers
the outcome of the advisory vote on our executive compensation program. Based on our 86% support among the stockholders who participated
in the 2019 and 2020 advisory votes on executive compensation, we understand stockholders are generally supportive of our executive
compensation program. During 2020, we invited our top 50 stockholders, representing approximately 70%
of our outstanding shares, to participate in our stockholder outreach program. The Chair of our Compensation Committee and members
of the management team ultimately met with 11 different stockholders, representing approximately 20% of our outstanding shares. What We Heard from Stockholders The stockholders we spoke with indicated they recognize the COVID-19 pandemic
presented challenges to our business that were extreme due to our senior housing and healthcare focus and could be expected to
have a negative impact on our annual incentive payouts for 2020 as well as our long-term performance-based incentive compensation.
Some of our stockholders expressed specific concerns about retention given the potential negative impact to the executive compensation
program for future periods and the need for continued experienced leadership. Addressing the compensation program more broadly,
some stockholders expressed the view that we give too much weight to the TSR metrics in our long-term performance award program,
while others indicated a preference for greater clarity in our disclosures with respect to the performance metrics in our incentive
compensation programs. All stressed that ESG and DE&I matters should continue to be an expanding focus for management, the
Board and the Company. Responsiveness Based in part on the commentary provided by our stockholders in 2020, we: Retained pre-pandemic performance metrics established for our 2020
    annual incentive plan and our 2020-2022 long-term incentive plan without modification Exercised negative discretion to reduce the CEO’s payout under the 2020
    annual incentive plan Considered retention risk and the effects of the pandemic in making decisions
    about our 2021 compensation Adopted a performance metric related to diversity, equity and inclusion in our
    2021-2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan Reduced the weighting assigned to the TSR metrics in our 2021-2023 Long-Term
    Incentive Plan Enhanced our Proxy Statement in an effort to improve the clarity of our disclosures More broadly, our Compensation Committee has taken numerous actions over the last
several years to evolve and align our executive compensation program with stockholders’ interests and feedback received,
including the following: Adopted a performance metric related to gender
    diversity in our 2020-2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan Applied negative discretion to reduce our CEO’s 2019 annual cash incentive award to align
    to stock performance Designed incentive plan performance metrics, goals and weightings to be responsive to investor
    feedback and align with attainment of our most critical objectives Increased CEO’s performance-based long-term equity weighting from
    60% to 70% in 2019 We will continue to regularly review our executive compensation program and engage
in discussions with stockholders in order to ensure we remain a leader in executive compensation best practices and continue to
incorporate stockholder feedback. 2021 Proxy Statement 51 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Compensation Our Compensation Philosophy We recognize that effective compensation strategies are critical to recruiting,
incentivizing and retaining key employees who contribute to our long-term success and thereby create value for our stockholders.
Accordingly, our compensation program is designed to achieve the following primary objectives: attract, retain and motivate talented
executives; reward performance that meets
or exceeds pre-established company and tailored individual goals consistent with our strategic plan, while maintaining alignment
with stockholders; provide balanced incentives that
discourage excessive risk-taking; and support our goal to deliver sustained,
superior returns to stockholders. We align the interests of our executive officers and stockholders by maintaining
a performance- and achievement-oriented program that provides executives with the opportunity to earn market-competitive levels
of cash and equity compensation for strong performance against key strategic, financial and operating goals that create long-term
stockholder value. In determining the design and scope of our executive compensation program, we
also consider the feedback we receive from our stockholders, including through our proactive stockholder outreach program and our
annual say-on-pay advisory vote at our annual stockholders’ meetings. Certain of our decisions regarding 2020 incentive compensation
and our 2021 executive compensation program reflect that feedback, including with respect to the unique challenges presented by
the COVID-19 pandemic. Compensation Policies and Practices—Good Governance THINGS WE DO include a balanced mix of cash and equity compensation, with a strong emphasis on performance-based
    incentive awards that contain a blend of metrics designed to promote responsible growth and risk management emphasize long-term performance based on pre-established metrics, awarding 70% of long-term incentive awards in pRSUs
    for our CEO and 60% in pRSUs for our other Named Executive Officers cap incentive award opportunities exercise negative discretion to reduce incentive award payouts when appropriate measure performance over a three-year prospective period for long-term incentive awards establish metrics and goals at the beginning of each performance cycle for our annual and long-term incentive programs assess competitiveness of executive compensation program by comparison to the median of a group of peer companies annually review and assess the potential risks of our compensation policies and practices for all employees maintain meaningful stock ownership guidelines of 6X for CEO and 3X for all other executive officers maintain a recoupment policy that enables our Board to “claw back” incentive compensation in the event of
    a financial restatement prohibit hedging or pledging of Company stock THINGS WE DON’T DO provide excessive
    perquisites provide income or excise tax gross ups on executive severance
    benefits use single-trigger change in control provisions 52 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Pay Mix We seek to achieve our compensation objectives by ensuring that a significant
percentage of our executives’ pay is variable and is closely tied to performance. Over 90% of our CEO’s pay is linked
to Company performance, and over 80% of the pay of our other Named Executive Officers is linked to Company performance. Further,
a significant portion of our incentive pay is dependent on achieving pre-established performance metrics. Fixed Variable Base Salary Annual Incentive Compensation Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Cash Cash Equity Objectives The base salary payable to each Named Executive Officer is generally targeted
    to approximate the competitive market median of the Compensation Peer Group, (1) but may deviate from this target
    based on an individual’s sustained performance, contributions, leadership, experience, expertise and specific roles
    within our Company as compared to the benchmark data. We provide our Named Executive Officers with an annual opportunity to earn
    cash incentive awards for the achievement of pre-established corporate performance metrics and tailored individual objectives. A substantial portion of each Named Executive Officer’s compensation
    is in the form of long-term equity incentive compensation. This compensation consists of (i) Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”)
    that vest over three years and (ii) Performance- based RSUs (“pRSUs”) that are distributed at the end of a three
    year period if performance metrics established at the beginning of the period are achieved. (1) The Compensation Peer Group are the companies we use to benchmark our Executive Compensation, as more
    fully discussed below. Performance Metrics and How They Are Linked to Our Strategy Performance metrics for our annual and long-term incentive plans are designed
to encourage our executives to focus on activities that will further the Company’s short-term and long-term objectives. We
regularly review Company performance and stockholder results and consider whether our performance metrics are effective. We also
discuss our metrics with stockholders and take into consideration any stockholder comments. Our annual incentive plan includes
tailored individual objectives, which are described in more detail under “Components of Compensation–Annual Incentive
Compensation.” In early 2020, the Compensation Committee established the metrics for our 2020
short-term incentive awards and our 2020-2022 long-term incentive awards. To align the 2020 plan metrics with our 2020 goals and
objectives and to respond to stockholder input, the 2020 metrics are different from those established in 2019 for the 2019 annual
incentive award and the 2019-2021 long-term incentive award. Specifically, we: did not include a Fixed Charge Coverage metric in the 2020 annual incentive plan; included the Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric in our 2020 annual incentive plan instead of in the 2020-2022
    long-term incentive plan; included a Liquidity metric in our 2020 annual incentive plan; included an R&I Pipeline Openings metric in our 2020-2022 long-term incentive plan; and included a Gender Balance metric in our 2020-2022 long-term incentive plan. 2021 Proxy Statement 53 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The performance metrics established for our 2020 incentive plans are as follows: Performance
    Measures Used
    In What
    is it? Normalized FFO per Share Annual Plan FFO (Funds From Operations) is one of the most common measures used by analysts
    and investors to assess our financial performance. Investment in Development Annual Plan Development Investment is a metric we use to measure growth, reflecting our
    belief that our greatest growth opportunities at the time the metric was adopted were in investment in new development in
    specific segments and markets. Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA Annual Plan Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
    and amortization) is a measure of the strength of our balance sheet, approach to risk management and our ability to generate
    cash to meet our obligations. Liquidity Annual Plan Liquidity is a measure we use to assess our success in ensuring we have funds
    available for investment and other needs as appropriate. Relative TSR Long-Term Plan Relative TSR (total shareholder return) metrics measure our TSR performance
    against a general REIT index and an index of healthcare REITS. R&I Pipeline Openings Long-Term Plan R&I Pipeline Openings is a metric we use to evaluate our success in completing
    R&I Development Projects on schedule, turning our investment in new developments into income-producing buildings and expanding
    this value-creating line of business. Gender Balance Long-Term Plan Gender Balance is a metric we use to measure our success in developing, recruiting
    and sustaining a diverse workforce and inclusive workplace where gender equality is championed. Components of Compensation The elements of compensation provided to our executive officers remained unchanged
in 2020: we provided base salary, annual incentive compensation, long-term equity incentive compensation, and limited perquisites
and benefits. As in 2019, more than 80% of the compensation of our Named Executive Officers was in the form of variable pay. Base Salary Our Compensation Committee reviews the base salaries of our executive officers
annually to determine whether any adjustments are warranted. In early 2020, the Compensation Committee reviewed a compensation
analysis prepared for the Compensation Committee by its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, relating to Ms. Cafaro
and Messrs. Probst and Cobb. The Compensation Committee also considered the success of Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb in
developing and executing our strategic plans, exercising leadership and creating stockholder value. Finally, the Compensation Committee
reviewed compensation analyses prepared by Semler Brossy relating to the compensation offered to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts,
who joined the Company in March 2020, before approving their compensation packages. Following that review, base salaries of Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb
were held flat in 2020, as compared to 2019 levels. When it became apparent that the COVID-19 pandemic was going to have a significant
impact on our operations, however, our executive officers agreed to accept a temporary reduction in base salary. The base salary
of our CEO was reduced by 20% and the base salary of each of our other executive officers was reduced by 10%, effective June 1,
2020. The chart below shows the base salary approved by the Compensation Committee for
each of our Named Executive Officers in 2018, 2019 and 2020 as well as the 2020 adjusted base salary reflecting the COVID-19 related
reductions described above. Named Executive Officer 2018 Base Salary 2019 Base Salary 2020 Base Salary 2020 COVID Adjusted Base Salary Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 $ 947,654 Robert F. Probst 627,300 646,119 646,119 607,849 John D. Cobb 626,175 644,960 644,960 606,759 J. Justin Hutchens (1) — — 500,000 470,000 Carey S. Roberts (1) — — 475,000 446,500 (1) The 2020 Base Salary and 2020 COVID Adjusted Base Salary shown
    for Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts, who joined the Company in March 2020, are provided on an annualized basis. The amounts earned
    by Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts during 2020 are shown in the Summary Compensation Table. 54 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2021 Base Salary Based on benchmarking data and realized pay analysis provided by Semler Brossy,
in January 2021, the Compensation Committee approved modest increases of 2-4% in the 2021 base salaries of our Named Executive
Officers other than Ms. Cafaro. Ms. Cafaro’s base salary has not been increased since 2015. Each Named Executive Officer’s
base salary for 2021 is reflected below: Named Executive Officer 2021 Base Salary Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,075,000 Robert F. Probst 659,041 John D. Cobb 657,859 J. Justin Hutchens 515,000 Carey S. Roberts 494,000 Annual Incentive Compensation We typically provide our executive officers with an annual opportunity to earn
cash incentive awards based on the achievement of pre-established corporate performance metrics and individual performance objectives.
At the beginning of each performance year, our Compensation Committee approves specific performance metrics, goals and weightings
and an award opportunity range (expressed as multiples of base salary at each applicable level of performance) for each executive
officer. The corporate performance metrics for our annual incentive plan comprise 65% of the award opportunity, with the individual
performance component comprising the remaining 35% of the award opportunity. In establishing the performance metrics and individual
objectives, the Compensation Committee considers the Company’s strategic priorities and the specific challenges and opportunities
facing the Company at the time. Annual performance metrics and individual objectives are designed to incentivize our executive
officers to address the near term priorities that are necessary to implement our strategy without taking inappropriate risk. 2020 Annual Incentive Award Opportunities The award opportunity under our annual incentive plan is tied to each executive
officer’s base salary in effect at the time of grant. The 2020 annual incentive award opportunity for each of our Named Executive
Officers is set forth in the table below; there was no increase from the 2019 annual incentive award opportunity. There is no payout
for performance below threshold and no increase for performance above maximum. Named Incentive Opportunity as a percentage of base salary (1) Threshold Incentive Target Incentive Maximum Incentive Executive Officer Threshold Target Maximum Award Award Award Debra A. Cafaro 120% 200% 360% $ 1,290,000 $ 2,150,000 $ 3,870,000 Robert F. Probst 125% 175% 250% 807,649 1,130,708 1,615,298 John D. Cobb 125% 175% 250% 806,200 1,128,680 1,612,400 J. Justin Hutchens (2) N/A 150% 200% N/A 750,000 1,000,000 Carey
    S. Roberts (2) N/A 150% 200% N/A 712,500 950,000 (1) Annual incentive opportunities were established in the first quarter
    of 2020 and were not affected by the COVID reduction in base salary. (2) Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts were guaranteed payouts at no less than target
    pursuant to their offer letters. 2021 Proxy Statement 55 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2020 Annual Incentive Awards Overview of Metrics and Objectives As in prior years, our 2020 annual incentive plan included both corporate performance
metrics and an individual performance component. Plan Component Weighting How Component
    and Weighting Was Set Normalized FFO Per Share Our Normalized FFO metric aligned with the public guidance
    we released in early 2020 (subject to certain adjustments). The Compensation Committee believed it was appropriately challenging
    in the market environment for healthcare REITs at the time the goals were set. The Normalized FFO metric was weighted at 30%
    because FFO is one of the most common measure of performance used by investors and analysts to assess our financial performance. Investment in Development The investment in development metric aligned with our
    strategic plan for 2020 and reflected our view at the time the metric was adopted that our greatest growth opportunities were
    in investment in new development in specific segments and markets. We weighted this metric and our Net Debt to Adjusted Pro
    Forma EBITDA metric at 10% and our liquidity metric at 15% to help balance investing in value-creating opportunities with
    maintaining a healthy balance sheet. Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA This metric also aligned with our 2020 strategic priorities
    and was designed to help ensure that we maintain a healthy balance sheet and leverage while pursuing appropriate growth initiatives.
    We weighted this metric and our investment in development metric at 10% and our liquidity metric at 15% to help balance investing
    in value-creating opportunities with maintaining a healthy balance sheet. Liquidity The liquidity metric aligned with our 2020 strategic priorities
    and was designed to help ensure that we maintain excess liquidity to protect the Company in the event of market disruption
    and to provide capacity to capture investment opportunities that may arise. We weighted this metric at 15% and our investment
    in development and Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metrics at 10% to help balance investing in value-creating opportunities
    with maintaining a healthy balance sheet. Individual Performance The individual performance component typically takes the
    form of tailored individual objectives that reflect each executive’s role and responsibilities within the Company. Executives
    who head business units ordinarily have objectives tied to the performance of those business units, while those in corporate
    functions have objectives tied to performance of their corporate responsibilities. As discussed below, in 2020, given the
    uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Compensation Committee took a different approach. 56 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Goal Setting Process Corporate Performance Metrics Each year, the Compensation Committee establishes corporate performance metrics
for the annual incentive plan that it believes are rigorous but achievable in order to motivate the executive team to maximize
value creation for stockholders. In setting these metrics, the Compensation Committee considers a broad variety of data to inform
its decisions, including industry forecasts, internal projections, advice from outside advisors and the Company’s annual
financial plan. Due to the variability and cyclicality of our business, goals may increase or decrease from year to year while
retaining the same level of rigor and motivational impact on our team and remaining aligned to our long-term strategy and goal
of creating value for our stockholders. In January 2020, before COVID-19 was widespread in the United States and well
before it was declared a pandemic, the Compensation Committee established the corporate performance metrics and goals for the 2020
annual incentive plan. The Compensation Committee determined that the target goal for the Normalized FFO per share metric should
be set to be in line with the Company’s 2020 investor guidance, which was lower than both the 2019 target goal and 2019 actual
results. The Company’s 2020 investor guidance for Normalized FFO per share was lower than 2019 actual results to reflect
industry-wide senior housing supply and demand conditions, the impact of dispositions and proceeds from loans receivable and the
impact of certain 2019 items that would not recur in 2020. The Compensation Committee set the 2020 target goal for Normalized FFO
per share at the midpoint of the Company’s 2020 investor guidance. The Company subsequently withdrew its 2020 investor guidance
in March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Compensation Committee did not adjust the 2020 Normalized FFO per share metric
as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, holding the executive team accountable to the original pre-pandemic goal. Although the Company
ultimately achieved Normalized FFO per share that represented 90% of the midpoint of our pre-pandemic guidance, this was below
the threshold established by the Compensation Committee, resulting in no executive compensation payout for this portion of the
award. The other corporate performance metrics in our annual incentive bonus program
were set in January 2020 in a similarly rigorous fashion and similarly were not adjusted to account for the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic. Individual Performance Component The individual performance component of our annual incentive plan typically takes
the form of tailored individual objectives, which are finalized in March and relate to areas of special emphasis within an executive’s
specific responsibilities and duties. Because of the disruption and uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Compensation
Committee did not establish tailored individual objectives for each executive in March 2020. Instead, for the first half of 2020,
the Compensation Committee focused on supporting and evaluating management’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which included
prioritizing health and safety, acting proactively to support the Company’s tenants, operators and other partners, protecting
the Company’s balance sheet and developing enhanced processes and reporting to better understand and effectively respond
to the crisis. In June and July, the Compensation Committee worked with management to identify
and define key corporate objectives for the executives to focus on for the remainder of 2020. These key corporate objectives were
organized around the following categories: Prioritizing the health and safety of employees, residents, tenants,
    operators and partners Maximizing earnings while managing risk Conserving capital appropriately and maintaining adequate liquidity Maintaining credibility and transparency with stakeholders Anticipating and responding to risks and opportunities Advocating for our industry Maintaining our culture and sustaining and engaging our team Continuing to build on ESG success and enhancing our commitment to DE&I The Compensation Committee viewed this approach as an appropriate way to balance
the need for flexibility in responding to the pandemic with the need to drive, incent and measure performance. The Compensation
Committee also recognized the importance of team work to the Company’s ability to navigate the unique challenges presented
by the pandemic, which warranted establishing a holistic set of objectives rather than individual objectives. 2021 Proxy Statement 57 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Results Corporate Performance Metrics The corporate performance metrics for 2020 were established in January 2020, before
COVID-19 was widespread in the United States and well before it was declared a pandemic. Following substantial debate and discussion,
the Compensation Committee elected not to adjust the corporate performance metrics when it became apparent that the COVID-19 pandemic
would have a significant impact on our business. 2020 results were mixed, as reflected in the chart below, including for Normalized
FFO per share. Although the Company was able to achieve Normalized FFO per share that represented 90% of the midpoint of our pre-pandemic
guidance, the metric was below threshold and did not pay out. Total payouts for all of the quantitative performance metrics were
74% of the target payout. (1) In calculating Normalized FFO achieved for performance purposes, the
    Compensation Committee excluded the effects of the Holiday Retirement transaction that was completed in April 2020 and foreign
    exchange impacts. (2) Investment in Development reflects committed development projects expressed as
    total project spend. (3) For the Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric, EBITDA is calculated on
    a Fiscal Year basis. (4) Average available liquidity in 2020, calculated as a simple quarter end average
    for each quarter. Individual Performance and Payout Decisions In determining 2020 annual incentive payouts, the Compensation Committee evaluated
the individual performance of each Named Executive Officer based on his or her contribution to the key corporate objectives, including
to the accomplishments identified under “Executive Overview–2020 Performance” earlier in this CD&A. The Compensation
Committee also took into account the Company’s overall financial performance, which was stronger than expected after considering
the impact of the pandemic. It also considered the executive officers’ exceptional commitment over an extended and continuing
period of multi-dimensional challenges in the business, economy and markets. The Compensation Committee’s assessment of individual
performance and decisions regarding payouts were as follows: Ms. Cafaro: The
    Compensation Committee viewed Ms. Cafaro’s individual performance as exceptional. Ms. Cafaro quickly identified the
    actions necessary to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, leveraging her deep experience in the industry and in crisis management.
    Ms. Cafaro led the Company’s response across all dimensions, including by setting a strong “tone at the top,”
    inspiring the organization to remain steady, focused and agile. Finally, Ms. Cafaro served as a committed partner to our stakeholders
    and across the industry throughout the pandemic. Based on her performance, Ms. Cafaro received an individual performance rating
    of maximum, which would have resulted in an annual incentive payout of 116% of target. However, the Compensation Committee
    was mindful of the significant drop in the Company’s stock price during 2020 as a result of the pandemic and the importance
    of aligning payouts under the annual incentive plan with stockholders. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee exercised negative
    discretion to cap Ms. Cafaro’s total annual incentive payout at 95% of target. 58 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Mr. Probst: The
    Compensation Committee recognized Mr. Probst’s critical contributions in developing and executing on the Company’s
    multi-pronged capital conservation strategy, his role in G&A rationalization and protecting the Company’s balance
    sheet and preserving liquidity during a time of extraordinary volatility and uncertainty. The Compensation Committee also
    noted Mr. Probst’s leadership in identifying, tracking and forecasting COVID-19 trends in our business, enabling early
    and effective risk management, as well as transparent and effective communication with stakeholders. Finally, Mr. Probst took
    on oversight of the Company’s insurance program, including establishment of a captive insurance vehicle. Accordingly,
    Mr. Probst’s achieved an individual performance rating of maximum and an annual incentive payout of 94% of target. Mr. Cobb: The Compensation
    Committee recognized Mr. Cobb’s outstanding accomplishments, which included leading the Company’s investment and
    disposition activity during a tumultuous time, executing on the Company’s R&I development joint venture with GIC
    and playing a significant leadership role in establishing the Company’s third-party capital platform, VIM. Mr. Cobb
    also played an important leadership role in the Company’s ESG and DE&I efforts, enabling us to make progress in
    those areas during a tumultuous period. However, the Company’s investment and disposition activity was more muted than
    in prior years as a result of the pandemic and, accordingly, Mr. Cobb received an individual performance rating between target
    and maximum and an annual incentive payout of 85% of target. As noted elsewhere, Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts were guaranteed payouts at no
less than target pursuant to their offer letters. Earned 2020 Annual Incentive Awards Based on the performance summarized above, in February 2021, our Compensation
Committee approved 2020 cash incentive awards for our Named Executive Officers as shown in the table below. Payouts for Mr. Hutchens
and Ms. Roberts were 100% of their target awards, pursuant to the terms of their offer letters, while payouts to Ms. Cafaro, Mr.
Probst and Mr. Cobb were below target. Potential Payout Named Executive Officer Threshold Target Maximum Actual Payout Percent of Target Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,290,000 $ 2,150,000 $ 3,870,000 $ 2,042,500 95 % Robert F. Probst 807,649 1,130,708 1,615,298 1,067,389 94 % John D. Cobb 806,200 1,128,680 1,612,400 963,893 85 % J. Justin Hutchens (1) N/A 750,000 1,000,000 750,000 100 % Carey S. Roberts (1) N/A 712,500 950,000 712,500 100 % (1) Payouts to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts were guaranteed at 100%
    of target pursuant to their offer letters. 2021 Annual Incentive Awards In January 2021, the Compensation Committee established the 2021 annual incentive
award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers, which remained unchanged as a percentage of base salary from the 2020 opportunities.
The value of each Named Executive Officer’s opportunity at target is as follows: Named Executive Officer 2021 Annual Incentive Award Value at Target Debra A. Cafaro $2,150,000 Robert F. Probst 1,153,322 John D. Cobb 1,151,253 J. Justin Hutchens 772,500 Carey S. Roberts 741,000 In light of the considerable uncertainty regarding the continuing impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the Compensation Committee established a set of corporate objectives for the first half of 2021,
which reflect key operational, strategic and financial priorities designed to rebuild the Company’s business and ensure the
Company is well positioned for a post-pandemic environment, in lieu of adopting typical corporate performance metrics under the
2021 annual incentive plan. The Compensation Committee also approved tailored individual performance objectives for each of our
executive officers, which relate to each executive’s specific scope of responsibilities and duties. The Compensation
Committee expects to adopt corporate performance metrics when conditions permit. 2021 Proxy Statement 59 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Our Compensation Committee believes that a substantial portion of each executive
officer’s compensation should be in the form of long-term equity incentive compensation. Our equity compensation program
has two components: RSUs that vest over a three year period, which represent 30% of the long-term equity opportunity for our CEO
and 40% of the long-term equity opportunity for our other executive officers, and pRSUs that vest in three years based on performance
achieved relative to approved performance metrics, which represent 70% of the long-term equity opportunity for our CEO and 60%
of the long-term equity opportunity for our other executive officers. These awards encourage management to create and sustain stockholder
value over longer periods because their value is directly attributable to changes in the price of our common stock over time. In
addition, equity awards promote management retention because their full value cannot be realized until vesting occurs, which generally
requires continued employment for multiple years. The chart below shows the percentage of our 2020 long-term equity incentive compensation
that is in the form of RSUs and the percentage of long-term equity incentive compensation attributable to each metric that will
be used to measure performance under the 2020-2022 pRSU awards. 2020 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation In the first quarter of 2020, each of our Named Executive Officers was granted
long-term equity awards consisting of a blend of RSUs that vest ratably over three years and pRSUs that will be distributed in
the first quarter of 2023 if performance goals for the 2020-2022 performance period are achieved. None of the Named Executive Officers
received an increase in the long-term equity incentive opportunity for 2020. The target value of these awards at the grant date
is as follows: Long-Term Equity Long-Term Equity Target Units Named Executive Officer Target Value RSUs pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro $8,775,000 41,752 97,422 Robert F. Probst 3,069,065 19,470 29,206 John D. Cobb 3,063,561 19,435 29,153 J. Justin Hutchens 1,500,000 11,162 16,744 Carey S. Roberts 1,425,000 10,604 15,906 In connection with their employment by the Company, the Company also made one-time
grants of time-based RSUs to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts on March 4, 2020 to compensate for equity that they forfeited at their
prior employers. See “Time-Based RSU Awards” below. These grants are not reflected in the table above and the 60%/40%
split between pRSUs and RSUs in our 2020 long-term equity plan design does not account for the one-time grants. 60 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION pRSU Awards 2020-2022 PRSU METRICS AND GOALS pRSUs may
be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s three-year performance from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022 in relation
to four performance metrics. The two relative TSR metrics and weightings remain unchanged from 2019, meaning that more than 70%
of the 2020 pRSU value for our Named Executive Officers continues to be tied to rigorous relative TSR metrics. Consistent with
our strategic plan and commitment to ESG initiatives, our Compensation Committee (i) eliminated the three-year Reported Net Debt
to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA metric that was used in 2019, (ii) added a three-year Research & Innovation Pipeline Openings
metric and (iii) added a quantitative Gender Balance metric. Further information regarding each of these metrics is set forth below. (1) Weighting shown is for CEO. Weighting for Named Executive Officers
    is eleven thirtieths (approximately 36.7%) for each TSR metric, five thirtieths (approximately 16.7%) for the R&I Pipelines
    Opening Metric, and three thirtieths (10%) for the Gender Balance Metric. (2) Our R&I Pipeline Openings and Gender Balance goals are competitively sensitive
    and therefore are not disclosed. 2021 Proxy Statement 61 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our Compensation Committee sets goals for the long-term pRSUs based on our strategy
and long-term objectives. For our TSR metrics, the Compensation Committee established a band that provides a market-based spread
of performance across potential performance scenarios in line with our peer companies. Our R&I Pipeline Openings and Gender
Balance goals are linked to our strategies to ensure completion of pipeline projects and support our DE&I initiatives, respectively.
There will be no payouts for performance below threshold and payouts will not be increased for performance above maximum. 2020-2022 PRSU OPPORTUNITIES The range of potential pRSU payouts is 0% - 201% of target for Ms. Cafaro and
0% - 180% of target for the other Named Executive Officers. Set forth below are the award opportunities for the 2020-2022 performance
period: pRSUs (#) Named Executive Officer Threshold Target Maximum Debra
    A. Cafaro 25,329 97,422 195,819 Robert F. Probst 9,735 29,206 52,570 John D. Cobb 9,717 29,153 52,476 J. Justin Hutchens 5,581 16,744 30,139 Carey S.
    Roberts 5,302 15,906 28,632 These awards will be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance
from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022 in relation to the pre-established performance metrics described above. Dividends
will be accrued on pRSU awards and will be paid if and to the extent pRSUs are earned and ultimately pay out to award recipients.
These pRSUs are intended to reward long-term performance, strengthen our pay for performance linkage with our stockholders and
enhance retention of our Named Executive Officers. 2018-2020 PRSU PERFORMANCE & PAYOUTS In February 2021, our Compensation Committee certified achievement of the pRSU
performance metrics for the January 1, 2018 –December 31, 2020 performance period and approved payout of the 2018 pRSUs.
Set forth in the charts below are (i) the applicable goals for each metric, (ii) the achievement with respect to each metric, (iii)
the pRSU opportunity associated with each metric and (iv) the total earned pRSUs for each of our Named Executive Officers.
Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts joined the Company in 2020 and therefore had no 2018 pRSUs. 62 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OPPORTUNITY & PAYOUT Opportunity (units) Percent of Named Executive
    Officer Threshold Target Maximum Payout Target Paid Debra
    A. Cafaro 23,492 89,157 179,513 32,177 36% Robert
    F. Probst 10,662 31,987 57,690 12,369 39% John
    D. Cobb 10,643 31,930 57,587 12,347 39% J.
    Justin Hutchens — — — — — Carey
    S. Roberts — — — — — Time-Based RSU Awards Annual grants of time-based RSU awards are an important component of the Company’s
executive compensation program. Through these awards, a percentage of each executive officer’s pay is directly linked to
our stock price. As a component of our 2020 long-term equity compensation, the Company granted
time-based RSUs to each of our Named Executive Officers that vest in three equal annual installments on the first three anniversaries
of the grant date. These grants were made to Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb on February 24, 2020 and to Mr. Hutchens and
Ms. Roberts on March 4, 2020, the first day of their employment with the Company. In connection with their employment by the Company,
the Company also made one-time grants of time-based RSUs to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts on March 4, 2020 to compensate for equity
that they forfeited at their prior employers. These RSUs also vest in three equal annual installments on the first three anniversaries
of the grant date. The 2020 grants to each of our Named Executive Officers are set forth in the table below. Named Executive Officer 2020 RSUs (#) Sign-On RSUs (#) Total Time-Based RSUs (#) 2020 RSUs as a Percentage of Target Plan Awards Debra A. Cafaro 41,752 41,752 30% Robert F. Probst 19,470 19,470 40% John D. Cobb 19,435 19,435 40% J. Justin Hutchens 11,162 55,813 66,975 40% Carey S. Roberts 10,604 55,813 66,417 40% Vesting of time-based RSU grants is generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s
continued employment with the Company on each vesting date. Annual time-based RSU awards such as the 2020 RSU awards are intended
to enhance retention of our Named Executive Officers. Sign-On RSUs are provided as necessary to attract talent and are designed
to compensate for (i) incentive opportunities and other compensation the executive forfeited upon leaving his or her prior
employer and (ii) the fact that the executive will not be eligible to receive any payout for long-term incentive programs that
began in the two years before the executive joined the Company. Dividends are paid on time-based awards, including unvested awards,
as and when dividends are paid to all of our stockholders. 2021 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Based on benchmarking data and a realized pay analysis provided by Semler Brossy,
the Compensation Committee and, in the case of our CEO, the independent members of the Board, approved the following target long-term
incentive award opportunities for the January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2023 performance period for our Named Executive Officers: Long-Term Equity Long-Term Equity Target Units Named Executive Officer Target Value RSUs pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro $10,775,000 70,164 163,718 Robert F. Probst 3,130,445 26,136 39,204 John D. Cobb 3,124,830 26,089 39,133 J. Justin Hutchens 1,802,500 15,049 22,573 Carey S. Roberts 1,482,000 12,373 18,559 Ms. Cafaro’s target opportunity was increased from 2020 to better align
her total direct compensation with market and to recognize her performance, valuable experience and strong leadership. The nature
and scope of Mr. Hutchens’ role as compared to analogous industry roles was reassessed and, based on the reassessment benchmarked
against a different group of executives at the Compensation Peer Group than had been used for 2020. As a result, Mr. Hutchens’
target opportunity was increased to better align his target total direct compensation with market. The target opportunities for
the other Named Executive Officers, as a percentage of base salary, remained unchanged. 2021 Proxy Statement 63 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The long-term incentive awards described above are comprised of (i) pRSUs representing
70% of the award for our CEO and 60% of the award for our other Named Executive Officers and (ii) RSUs representing 30% of the
award for our CEO and 40% of the award for our other Named Executive Officers. The performance metrics and weightings for the pRSUs
are: TSR relative to the MSCI REIT Index at 17.5%, TSR relative to the Nareit HC REIT Index at 17.5%, Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA at 14% for our CEO and 10% for our other
    Named Executive Officers, R&I Pipeline Openings at 7% for our CEO and 5% for our other Named Executive
    Officers and key DE&I metrics at 14% for our CEO and 10% for our other Named Executive
    Officers. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our business and there is
considerable uncertainty regarding its continuing impact, including, in particular, the pace and slope of recovery of our senior
housing business and the resulting impact on our earnings and our credit profile. In order to manage risk for the enterprise, maintain
continuity during a critical period and provide a necessary retention and motivation mechanism, in January 2021, in addition to
other equity actions taken with respect to non-executive employees described elsewhere, the Compensation Committee established
special long-term equity retention pools for our employees. From these special long-term equity retention pools, the Compensation
Committee granted time-based RSU or restricted stock awards to certain non-NEO employees and each of our NEOs other than our CEO,
with Mr. Probst receiving 49,005 RSUs, Mr. Cobb receiving 48,917 RSUs, Mr. Hutchens receiving 22,573 RSUs and Ms. Roberts receiving
15,466 RSUs. In making these awards, the Compensation Committee considered the critical importance
of retaining a cohesive, motivated team to rebuild the Company’s business, aligning the team to stockholders’ long-term
interests and incenting a continued focus on strong risk management. The Compensation Committee chose to grant time-based awards
because they continue to provide value and support the Company’s talent retention objectives during a period of ongoing economic
and business uncertainty, which may persist for an extended period. The awards to our NEOs vest in equal installments on each of
the first three anniversaries of the grant date. Unvested awards will be forfeited by the NEO in the case of retirement, termination
by the Company with or without cause or termination by the executive with or without good reason. Accelerated vesting occurs only
upon death, disability or upon a qualifying termination in connection with a change in control. Other Benefits and Perquisites Our executive compensation program focuses on the elements described above, with
extremely limited provision for perquisites. Our Named Executive Officers are generally eligible to participate in the same benefit
programs that we offer to other employees, which in 2020 included the following: health,
dental and vision insurance (for which we paid 10% of the premium in 2020); short-term disability, long-term disability
and life insurance coverage (at no cost to the employee); and participation in a 401(k) plan
(to which we made matching contributions of up to 3.5% of the employee’s base salary, up to the 2020 limit permitted by
the Internal Revenue Service). We believe these benefits are competitive with overall market practices. In addition,
we provide certain limited perquisites and other benefits to attract and retain superior employees for key positions. The only
benefits provided to our Named Executive Officers in 2020 that were not otherwise available to all employees consisted of legacy
supplemental disability and life insurance coverage, including reimbursement for taxes relating to that life insurance coverage
for Ms. Cafaro, and an opportunity to receive an executive physical medical examination paid for by the Company. Our Compensation
Committee periodically reviews the perquisites and other personal benefits provided to each Named Executive Officer and has determined
that they are consistent with current market practice. Except for the eligibility to participate in, and our matching contributions
to, the 401(k) plan, as described above, we do not provide our Named Executive Officers with any retirement benefits. Procedures for Determining Compensation Executive Compensation Decision-Making
Process The Company is committed to a fair compensation structure that allows us to attract,
retain and motivate our key executives and coincides with stockholder value. We review executive compensation regularly to ensure
that our compensation programs align with this philosophy. As part of this process, we engage in benchmarking activities with the
assistance of our independent compensation consultant and we seek commentary from stockholders regarding our executive compensation.
Further detail regarding these activities is provided below. 64 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Benchmarking and Compensation Peer Group For benchmarking purposes, our independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy,
provides our Compensation Committee with comparative market data on compensation practices and programs based on its analysis of
a group of peer companies (the “Compensation Peer Group”) and provides guidance on compensation trends and best practices.
Using this market data, Semler Brossy advises the Compensation Committee and makes recommendations with respect to program design
and setting base salaries and incentive award opportunity levels for our Named Executive Officers. 2020 Compensation Peer Group The Compensation Committee reviews the Compensation Peer Group each summer to
ensure the Company is using an appropriate group for pay level and pay practice comparisons. The Compensation Peer Group are generally
large-cap REITs in our healthcare sector and or other sectors (such as office, retail and lodging), but otherwise similar to us,
in terms of total assets, revenue and enterprise value. The chart below shows our positioning relative to our 2020 Compensation
Peer Group as of June 30, 2019. The Compensation Committee removed two companies from the peer group for purposes
of setting 2020 compensation. GGP Inc. was removed from the peer group because it was acquired by Brookfield Property REIT Inc.
and current pay data related to GGP Inc. was no longer available. SL Green Realty Group, Inc. was removed because its enterprise
value had fallen below our Compensation Committee’s peer group screening criteria for multiple consecutive years. The Compensation
Committee determined that the remaining Compensation Peer Group identified below comprise an appropriate mix of companies comparable
to us in terms of size and talent. Compensation Peer Group 2019
    Compensation Peer Group 2020
    Compensation Peer Group American Tower Corp. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. Boston Properties, Inc. Crown Castle International Corp. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. Equinix, Inc. Equity Residential GGP, Inc. Healthpeak Properties, Inc. Prologis, Inc. Public Storage, Inc. Realty Income Corp. Simon Property Group, Inc. SL Green Realty Group, Inc. The Macerich Company Vornado Realty Trust, Inc. Welltower, Inc. Weyerhaeuser Co. 2021 Proxy Statement 65 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In determining 2020 compensation targets for our Named Executive
Officers, our Compensation Committee, in consultation with Semler Brossy, considered the competitive positioning of our executive
compensation levels relative to compensation data for the 2020 Compensation Peer Group with respect to the following components
of pay: base salary; total annual compensation opportunity (base salary plus annual incentive awards); long-term equity incentives
(annualized expected value of long-term equity incentive awards) and total direct compensation (base salary plus annual incentive
awards and annualized expected value of long-term equity incentive awards). Consistent with our compensation philosophy, our Compensation
Committee reviewed each element of pay in the context of the Compensation Peer Group, and targeted approximately the median of
the Compensation Peer Group on an overall, total direct compensation basis, subject to adjustment based on the unique skills, expertise
and individual contributions of each Named Executive Officer. Our 2020 executive compensation program was designed to deliver compensation
levels at, above (or below) these targets if performance met, exceeded (or failed to achieve) the goals established for the annual
and long-term incentive awards. We believe this methodology is appropriate for our operating style and reflects the need to attract,
retain and stretch top executive talent. Employment Arrangements with Named Executive
Officers Agreement with Debra A. Cafaro, Chief Executive
Officer The Company entered into a second amended and restated employment
agreement with Ms. Cafaro on March 22, 2011 (the “Cafaro Agreement”). Pursuant to the Cafaro Agreement, Ms. Cafaro
is entitled to receive an annual base salary of not less than $915,000 and is eligible to participate in our incentive and other
employee benefit plans. The Cafaro Agreement also requires that we provide Ms. Cafaro with $2 million of life insurance coverage
and executive disability coverage that would provide annual benefits of at least 100% of her base salary. The term of Ms. Cafaro’s
employment will continue until terminated or the Cafaro Agreement is amended. Agreement with J. Justin Hutchens, Executive
Vice President, Senior Housing In connection with his employment by the Company, Mr.
Hutchens and the Company entered into a Letter Agreement dated January 26, 2020 (the “Hutchens Offer Letter”).
Under the terms of the Hutchens Offer Letter, Mr. Hutchens’ annual base salary was set at $500,000. Mr. Hutchens is
eligible to participate in the Company’s annual incentive plan with a target bonus opportunity of 150% of base salary
and 200% of base salary at maximum performance and to participate in the Company’s long-term incentive plans, with the
opportunity to earn equity awards (a combination of performance based restricted stock units and time-based restricted stock
units) on an annual basis at 300% of base salary at target and 444% of base salary at maximum performance. Mr. Hutchens
received a restricted stock award having a grant date fair value of $3 million that will vest in three equal annual
installments on the first three anniversaries of his start date, with accelerated vesting upon termination due to death or
disability. Mr. Hutchens is eligible to participate in the Company’s
medical and other benefit plans pursuant to their terms. Because the Company required Mr. Hutchens to relocate his principal residence
to the Chicago metropolitan area, Mr. Hutchens also received a relocation package. Agreement with Carey S. Roberts, Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Ethics & Compliance Officer In connection with her employment by the Company, Ms. Roberts
and the Company entered into a Letter Agreement dated December 22, 2019 (the “Roberts Offer Letter”). Under the terms
of the Roberts Offer Letter, Ms. Roberts annual base salary was set at $475,000. Ms. Roberts is eligible to participate in the
annual incentive plan with a target bonus opportunity of 150% of base salary, 200% of base salary at maximum performance and 100%
of base salary at threshold performance, and to participate in the Company’s long-term incentive plans, with the opportunity
to earn equity awards (a combination of performance-based restricted stock units and time-based restricted stock units) on an annual
basis at 300% of base salary at target, 444% of base salary at maximum performance and 180% of base salary at threshold. Ms. Roberts
also received a $1 million sign-on bonus and a restricted stock award having a grant date fair value of $3 million that will vest
in three equal annual installments on the first three anniversaries of the grant date, with accelerated vesting upon termination
due to death, disability, or termination by the Company without Cause or by Ms. Roberts for Good Reason. The sign-on bonus must
be repaid, on a pro rata basis, if Ms. Roberts leaves the Company within 24 months of her start date for any reason other than
death, disability or termination by the Company other than for Cause. Ms. Roberts is eligible to participate in the Company’s
medical and other benefit plans pursuant to their terms. Because the Company required Ms. Roberts to relocate her principal residence
to the Chicago metropolitan area, Ms. Roberts received a one-time relocation allowance of up to $100,000. 66 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Severance Arrangements The Cafaro Agreement and the Employee Protection and Noncompetition
Agreements (the “Executive Severance Agreements”) executed with each of our other Named Executive Officers contain
provisions regarding payments to be made in certain termination scenarios. These arrangements, and the provisions in our equity
award agreements regarding termination, are summarized in the Executive Compensation Tables of this Proxy Statement, under the
heading “Termination Provisions—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control.” Other Policies ► Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers. Our minimum share ownership guidelines require each executive officer to maintain a minimum equity investment in our Company based upon a multiple of his or her base salary, as set forth below. Each executive officer must achieve the minimum equity investment within five years from the date they first become subject to the guidelines and, until that time, must retain at least 60% of the shares of our common stock granted to the executive officer or purchased by the executive officer through the exercise of stock options. Each of the Named Executive Officers is in compliance with these Guidelines. The Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers can be found in our Guidelines on Governance at https://ir.ventasreit.com/governance . Share Ownership Requirement CEO 6X base salary All other Executive Officers 3X base salary ► Recoupment Policy. The Board has adopted a Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation that allows us to recapture amounts paid to our executive officers under certain circumstances. Under this policy, our Compensation Committee may require an executive officer to repay all or a portion of any excess cash or equity incentive compensation they received during the preceding three-year period if the incentive compensation was based on achieving certain financial results that were later required to be restated due to our material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement. ► Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy. Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from engaging in derivative and other hedging transactions in our securities and prohibits our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans without the approval of our Audit Committee. No executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in margin accounts at any time during 2020. ► Tax Considerations. Section 162(m) of the Code generally places a limit of $1 million on the amount of compensation that we may deduct in any year with respect to certain covered executive officers. Although we consider the impact of Section 162(m), as well as other tax and accounting consequences, when developing and implementing our executive compensation programs, our Compensation Committee retains flexibility to make compensation decisions that do not meet the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m) when it considers it appropriate or necessary to do so. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management
the above Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has recommended to the Board that the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference into our 2020 Annual Report
on Form 10-K. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Richard I. Gilchrist, Chair Roxanne M. Martino James D. Shelton Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation During the year ended December 31, 2020, Messrs. Gilchrist and
Shelton and Ms. Martino served on our Compensation Committee. No member of the Compensation Committee is, or has been, employed
by us or our subsidiaries or is an employee of any entity for which any of our executive officers serves on the board of directors. 2021 Proxy Statement 67 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Compensation Tables 2020 Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid
to, or earned by, each of our Named Executive Officers: Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus (1) Stock Awards (2) Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) All Other Compensation (4) Total Debra
    A. Cafaro Chairman of the Board and CEO 2020 $ 947,654 $ — $ 9,509,954 $ — $ 2,042,500 $ 128,606 $ 12,628,714 2019 1,075,000 — 8,354,679 — 1,789,631 129,025 11,348,335 2018 1,075,000 — 8,211,805 — 3,749,600 79,797 13,116,202 Robert
    F. Probst EVP and Chief Financial Officer 2020 607,849 — 3,142,057 — 1,067,389 16,536 4,833,831 2019 646,119 — 2,835,139 — 1,387,864 24,155 4,893,277 2018 627,300 — 2,838,860 — 1,518,850 10,591 4,995,601 John
    D. Cobb EVP and Chief Investment Officer 2020 606,759 — 3,136,373 — 963,893 16,440 4,723,465 2019 644,960 — 2,830,077 — 1,447,451 20,228 4,942,716 2018 626,175 — 2,833,802 — 1,516,126 14,250 4,990,353 J.
    Justin Hutchens EVP, Senior Housing, North America 2020 387,692 750,000 4,334,695 0 134,417 5,606,804 2019 — — — — — — — 2018 — — — — — — — Carey
    S. Roberts EVP, General Counsel and Ethics & Compliance Officer 2020 368,308 1,712,500 4,267,922 0 105,894 6,454,624 2019 — — — — — — — 2018 — — — — — — — (1) Bonus: Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts joined the Company in the first quarter of 2020. In connection with their employment, each of them was guaranteed a payout of at least their target annual incentive award for 2020. The guaranteed amount is included in the Bonus column of the Summary Compensation Table and is the full amount that these executives received under the annual incentive plan. The amount shown in the Bonus column for Ms. Roberts also includes a $1 million sign-on bonus. This bonus must be repaid, on a pro-rata basis, if Ms. Roberts leaves the Company for any reason other than death, disability or termination by the Company other than for cause within 24 months of her start date. (2) Stock Awards: None of the Named Executive Officers received an increase in their long-term equity opportunity for 2020 as a percentage of base salary. The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column reflect the grant date fair value of pRSUs and time-based RSUs granted in each applicable year (including, in the case of Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts, the Sign-On RSUs that they each received in March 2020 when they joined the Company), calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. Increases in the grant date fair value shown in the table above for 2020 versus 2019 is attributable solely to changes resulting from application of a Monte Carlo simulation to calculate the grant date fair value of the TSR-driven components of the pRSUs for financial reporting purposes. That simulation reduced in 2019, and increased in 2020, the grant date fair value of the pRSUs as compared to the value determined by using the closing stock price on the date of the grant, which is the methodology used by the Company to determine the number of units to be granted. The Monte Carlo simulation “probability weights” potential outcomes of the relative TSR metrics of each pRSU award as of the grant date, based on, among other things, assumptions related to volatility, correlation and interest rates, which can fluctuate significantly year-over-year. The grant date fair value of components of pRSUs other than relative TSR is determined using our closing stock price on the date of grant and assumes performance at target, which was the probable outcome at the grant date. The grant date fair value of RSUs is also determined using our closing stock price on the date of grant. The following table presents the (i) grant date fair value of our stock awards in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 as outlined above (“Target Grant Date Fair Value”) and (ii) grant date value of our stock awards using our closing stock price on the date of grant assuming (a) target level of performance conditions is achieved for the pRSU awards (“Target Grant Date Face Value”) and (b) maximum level of performance conditions is achieved for the pRSU awards (“Max Grant Date Face Value”). For further information about these awards, see the 2020 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table and 2020 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table in this Proxy Statement. 2020 2019 2018 Name Target Grant Date Fair Value Target Grant Date Face Value Max Grant Date Face Value Target Grant Date Fair Value Target Grant Date Face Value Max Grant Date Face Value Target Grant Date Fair Value Target Grant Date Face Value Max Grant Date Face Value Debra A. Cafaro $ 9,509,954 $ 8,774,921 $ 14,978,852 $ 8,354,679 $ 8,774,933 $ 14,978,891 $ 8,211,805 $ 8,304,975 $ 13,354,971 Robert F. Probst 3,142,057 3,069,022 4,542,122 2,835,139 3,068,989 4,542,124 2,838,860 2,979,608 4,416,148 John D. Cobb 3,136,373 3,063,473 4,533,989 2,830,077 3,063,506 4,534,028 2,833,802 2,974,298 4,408,268 J. Justin Hutchens 4,334,695 4,499,896 5,219,878 — — — — — — Carey S. Roberts 4,267,922 4,424,861 5,108,884 — — — — — — (3) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation: 2020 amounts shown in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column for Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb reflect the amounts each of them was paid in the first quarter of 2021 based on performance under our 2020 annual incentive plan. Amounts for Ms. Cafaro in 2019 and 2020 reflect the exercise of negative discretion by the Compensation Committee with respect to the 2019 and 2020 annual incentive plan payouts; the reduction was less significant for 2020 than it had been for 2019 in recognition of Ms. Cafaro’s stellar performance in the face of the pandemic. 68 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (4) All Other Compensation: The amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2020 include supplemental disability and life insurance premiums, group term life insurance premiums (“GTL”), GTL tax reimbursement, 401(k) matching contributions, relocation assistance provided to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts; tax gross up on relocation assistance; and accrued interest on dividend equivalents paid upon vesting in 2020 of the 2017-2019 pRSU awards, as shown below. Name Supp. Disability Supp. Life GTL GTL Tax 401(k) Relocation Assistance Taxes on Relocation Benefit pRSU Interest Total Debra A. Cafaro $ 73,373 $ 20,777 $ 662 $ 2,333 $ 9,975 $ — $ — $ 21,486 $ 128,606 Robert F. Probst — — 662 — 9,975 — — 5,899 16,536 John D. Cobb — — 662 — 9,975 — — 5,803 16,440 J. Justin Hutchens — — 552 — 6,762 94,582 32,521 — 134,417 Carey S. Roberts — — 552 — 9,975 54,520 40,847 — 105,894 2020 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table The following table provides additional information relating to
grants of plan-based awards made to our Named Executive Officers during 2020: All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (3) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (4) Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (Units) (2) Name Grant Date Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,290,000 $ 2,150,000 $ 3,870,000 2/24/2020 25,329 97,422 195,819 $ 6,877,490 2/24/2020 41,752 $ 2,632,464 Robert F. Probst $ 807,649 $ 1,130,708 $ 1,615,298 2/24/2020 9,735 29,206 52,570 $ 1,914,473 2/24/2020 19,470 $ 1,227,584 John D. Cobb $ 806,200 $ 1,128,680 $ 1,612,401 2/24/2020 9,717 29,153 52,476 $ 1,910,996 2/24/2020 19,435 $ 1,225,377 J. Justin Hutchens $ 500,000 $ 750,000 $ 1,000,000 3/4/2020 5,581 16,744 30,139 $ 734,789 3/4/2020 11,162 $ 599,958 3/4/2020 55,813 $ 2,999,949 Carey S. Roberts $ 475,000 $ 712,500 $ 950,000 3/4/2020 5,302 15,906 28,632 $ 698,008 3/4/2020 10,604 $ 569,965 3/4/2020 55,813 $ 2,999,949 (1) Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards: The amounts shown represent each Named Executive Officer’s threshold, target and maximum annual incentive opportunities for performance in 2020. These opportunities were approved by our Compensation Committee in January 2020. The actual amount of each Named Executive Officer’s award is based on the achievement of certain performance goals as discussed in our CD&A. The annual incentive awards earned by our Named Executive Officers for performance in 2020 were paid during the first quarter of 2021 and are shown in the Non-Equity Incentive Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table for Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst and Cobb. Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts were guaranteed 2020 payouts at no less than target pursuant to their offer letters; their payouts are shown in the Bonus column of the Summary Compensation Table. (2) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards: The amounts shown represent our Named Executive Officer’s threshold, target and maximum pRSU award opportunities for the January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2022 performance period. These opportunities were approved by our Compensation Committee in January 2020. The actual amount of each Named Executive Officer’s earned pRSUs, if any, will be based on the achievement of certain performance goals as discussed in our CD&A. (3) All Other Stock Awards: The amounts shown reflect time-based RSUs granted to our Named Executive Officers as part of our long-term equity incentive plan in 2020 plus one-time grants to Mr. Hutchens and Ms. Roberts made in connection with their employment by the Company. These shares vest in three equal annual installments, with the first installment vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant. (4) Grant Date Fair Value: The amounts shown reflect the full grant date fair value of the awards calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718 regarding fair value provisions for share-based payments. See Note 2 to the Summary Compensation Table and Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair value. 2021 Proxy Statement 69 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2020 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
Table The following table sets forth information regarding equity-based
awards granted to our Named Executive Officers that were outstanding at December 31, 2020: Option
    Awards (1) Stock
    Awards Name Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Number
    of Shares or Units
    That Have Not Vested (2) Market Value of Shares or Units
    That Have Not Vested (4) Equity Incentive Plan
    Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (3) Equity Incentive Plan
    Awards: Market or Payout
    Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (4) Debra A. Cafaro 144,606 — $ 46.88 1/18/2022 — — — — 208,802 — 55.50 1/23/2023 — — — — 401,756 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 377,758 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 123,870 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 123,870 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 673,079 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 89,093 $ 4,369,121 122,473 $ 6,292,773 Robert F. Probst 26,083 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 33,592 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 33,591 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 185,692 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 39,415 $ 1,932,912 38,834 $ 2,000,667 John D. Cobb 28,724 — 59.21 3/8/2023 — — — — 26,634 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 78,753 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 31,005 — 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 31,005 — 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 31,004 — 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 31,004 — 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 172,789 — 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 39,344 $ 1,929,430 38,764 $ 1,997,062 J. Justin Hutchens — — — — 66,975 $ 3,284,454 16,744 $ 849,465 Carey S. Roberts — — — — 66,417 $ 3,257,090 15,906 $ 806,951 (1) Option Awards: The Company has not granted stock options to any Named Executive Officer since 2017. All awards are reported on a post-Spin-off basis in order to reflect the arithmetic adjustment made to outstanding awards as of August 17, 2015, the effective date of the Spin-off, to exclude the impact of the Spin-off. All outstanding option awards are fully vested and will expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date. 70 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (2) Shares or Units That Have Not Vested as of fiscal year end consist of time-based RSUs that vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Our Named Executive Officers are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested time-based RSUs. The vesting dates and number of shares vesting for each of our Named Executive Officers are as follows: Year Date Ms. Cafaro Mr. Probst Mr. Cobb Mr. Hutchens Ms. Roberts 2021 January 24 19,812 7,108 7,095 February 11 13,765 6,419 6,407 February 24 13,918 6,490 6,479 March 4 22,326 22,140 2022 February 11 13,764 6,418 6,407 February 24 13,917 6,490 6,478 March 4 22,325 22,139 2023 February 24 13,917 6,490 6,478 March 4 22,324 22,138 (3) Equity Incentive Awards that Have Not Vested as of fiscal year end consist of estimated payouts for our 2019-2021 and 2020-2022 pRSU Awards. These awards may be earned and vest, if at all, following completion of the applicable three-year performance period. Based on an analysis performed in January 2021, performance under our 2019-2021 program was tracking below threshold at the end of the 2020 fiscal year, while performance under our 2020-2022 program was tracking between threshold and target. Accordingly, the amounts shown in the table reflect the number of shares that would be payable for achievement at threshold under our 2019-2021 program and at target under our 2020-2022 pRSU program. (4) The Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or other Rights that Have not Vested includes the following: (i) the market value of unvested RSUs and pRSUs was determined by multiplying the number of shares/units by $49.04, the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2020; (ii) the number of pRSUs used to calculate the payout value assumes performance at threshold under our 2019-2021 and at target for our 2020-2022 pRSU program; and (iii) the payout value of pRSUs includes the value of dividend equivalent rights relating to those pRSUs. Dividend equivalents are accrued and paid on our Named Executive Officers’ pRSUs if and only to the extent pRSUs are earned based on performance during the applicable performance period. Accordingly, for the reasons set forth in Note 3, the value of the dividend equivalent rights reported below and included in the total pRSU value in the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table reflects dividends that would have been earned as of fiscal year end assuming achievement at threshold under our 2019-2021 program and at target under our 2020-2022 pRSU program. Name 2019-2021 pRSU Dividend Equivalents 2020-2022 pRSU Dividend Equivalents Total Dividend Equivalents Debra A. Cafaro $ 121,810 $ 164,887 $ 286,697 Robert F. Probst 46,816 49,431 96,247 John D. Cobb 46,733 49,341 96,075 J. Justin Hutchens — 28,339 28,339 Carey S. Roberts — 26,921 26,921 2021 Proxy Statement 71 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2020 Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table The following table sets forth information regarding the value
realized by our Named Executive Officers pursuant to the vesting or exercise of equity-based awards during 2020: Option Awards (1) Stock Awards (2) Name Number of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise Value Realized Upon Exercise Number of Shares Acquired Upon Vesting Value Realized Upon Vesting Debra A. Cafaro 72,300 $ 1,099,483 82,416 $ 5,031,095 Robert F. Probst — — 31,497 1,922,632 John D. Cobb — — 31,361 1,914,509 J. Justin Hutchens — — — — Carey S. Roberts — — — — (1) Option Awards: shares acquired include shares sold or withheld to cover the exercise price or taxes at the time of exercise; value realized reflects the difference between the market price at exercise and the exercise price of shares acquired. (2) Stock Awards: shares acquired include shares delivered on vesting of RSU Awards and shares delivered in 2021 pursuant to our 2018-2020 pRSU Awards. Figures include any shares withheld to cover taxes on distribution of RSUs and pRSUs on the distribution date; value realized is determined by multiplying the number of shares acquired by the closing stock price on the distribution date and adding to that the amount paid in respect of accrued dividend equivalents and interest. Termination Provisions Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
of Control Agreement with Debra A. Cafaro, Chief Executive
Officer Pursuant to the terms of the Cafaro Agreement, if Ms. Cafaro’s
employment is terminated by the Company other than for “Cause” (but not for “Disability”) or is terminated
by Ms. Cafaro for “Good Reason” (all as defined in the Cafaro Agreement), subject to her execution and delivery to
the Company of a waiver and release, Ms. Cafaro will be entitled to receive: ► a prorated portion of her target bonus (defined as the greater of (i) the highest bonus paid to Ms. Cafaro pursuant to our annual incentive plan for any of the three preceding calendar years and (ii) the full amount of Ms. Cafaro’s annual bonus, assuming maximum individual and company performance, in respect of service for the year of termination) for the year of termination; ► three times the sum of (x) her base salary in effect at the termination date plus (y) her target bonus for the year of termination; ► full vesting of all outstanding restricted stock, stock options and other performance-related compensation, including any cash-based performance awards, assuming maximum payout for any open performance cycles; ► continuation of medical, dental, life and disability insurance benefits at the Company’s expense for two years; and ► outplacement services, including executive office space and an executive secretary, for one year following termination, with an aggregate cost not to exceed $50,000. Upon termination of Ms. Cafaro’s employment for any reason,
Ms. Cafaro will be subject to noncompetition and nonsolicitation restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality
and nondisparagement restrictions. 72 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Severance Agreements The Company has entered into Executive Severance Agreements with
Messrs. Cobb, Hutchens and Probst, and Ms. Roberts. Under the terms of these Agreements: ► In the event such executive officer’s employment is terminated by the Company other than (i) for Cause or (ii) by the executive officer for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control (all as defined in the Executive Severance Agreements), subject to their execution and delivery to the Company of a waiver and release, the affected executive officer will receive: ► a lump sum payment calculated as follows: Robert F. Probst Base salary Target annual incentive bonus John D. Cobb Base salary Maximum annual incentive bonus J. Justin Hutchens Base salary Target annual incentive bonus Carey S. Roberts Base salary Target annual incentive bonus ► continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits for up to one year (or lump sum equivalent in cash) ► In the event an executive officer’s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or by the executive officer for Good Reason in connection with a Change in Control, subject to their execution and delivery to the Company of a waiver and release, the affected executive officer will receive: ► a lump sum payment calculated as follows: Robert F. Probst 2 The sum of Base salary Maximum annual incentive bonus John D. Cobb 2.5 The sum of Base salary Target annual incentive bonus J. Justin Hutchens 2.5 The sum of Base salary Target annual incentive bonus Carey S. Roberts 2.5 The sum of Base salary Target annual incentive bonus ► continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits for up to two years (or lump sum equivalent in cash) ► each of the executives is subject to confidentiality,
                               non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference and non-disparagement restrictions that apply
                               during the term of employment and for one year thereafter; and ► the non-compete restriction for Mr. Probst is extended to two years following
    termination of his employment in the event he is terminated by the Company without Cause or he terminates his employment for
    Good Reason within one year following a Change in Control. 2021 Proxy Statement 73 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Severance Provisions in Equity Awards Our equity awards generally require that an executive be employed
through the end of the performance period or the vesting date, as applicable, for an award to vest. The treatment of equity awards
is different on death, disability or retirement, or in certain termination scenarios, as set forth below. Awards to Ms. Cafaro Termination by Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason Termination without Cause in Connection with a Change in Control Death or Disability Retirement (1) Time based RSUs Full vesting Full vesting upon Qualifying Termination (2) Full vesting Full vesting Performance based RSUs Full vesting; payout at maximum Full vesting upon Qualifying Termination; payout at maximum Full vesting; payout at greater of (i) actual performance through date of termination and (ii) target Full vesting; payout at greater of (i) actual performance through date of termination and (ii) target Awards to Other Named Executive Officers (3) Termination by Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason Termination without Cause in Connection with a Change in Control Death or Disability Retirement (1) Time based RSUs Accelerated vesting of shares that were scheduled to vest within one year from date of termination Full vesting upon Qualifying Termination (2) Full vesting Full vesting Performance based RSUs Prorated vesting; payout based on actual performance through date of termination Full vesting upon Qualifying Termination; payout at greater of (i) actual performance through Change in Control and (ii) target Full vesting; payout based on actual performance through date of termination Prorated vesting; payout based on actual performance through date of termination Sign-On RSUs (Mr. Hutchens) Accelerated vesting of shares that were scheduled to vest within one year from date of termination Full vesting Full Vesting Sign-On RSUs (Ms. Roberts) Full vesting Full vesting Full Vesting (1) Retirement is defined as age plus years of service equal to 75, with a minimum age of 62. Ms. Cafaro is retirement eligible. (2) A Qualifying Termination is defined as a termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason that occurs (a) within six months prior to the announcement of a proposed transaction that results in a Change in Control; (b) between the date of that announcement and the Change in Control; or (c) within 24 months following a Change in Control. (3) Reflects treatment of 2020 and prior period equity awards. Payments The table below reflects the amount of compensation and benefits
payable to each Named Executive Officer in the event of: ► Termination for Cause or without Good Reason; ► Termination other than for Cause or with Good Reason (“involuntary termination”); ► a Change of Control (without any termination of employment); ► Involuntary Termination following a Change of Control; ► Death or Disability; and ► Retirement, if eligible. 74 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The amounts shown are the amounts that would have been payable
to the current Named Executive Officers assuming the applicable termination had occurred on December 31, 2020. Receipt of benefits
upon termination is subject to the execution of a general release of claims by the Named Executive Officer or his or her beneficiary. Benefit Termination for Cause or without Good Reason Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Change of Control (without Termination) Involuntary Termination in Connection with a Change of Control Death or Disability Retirement Debra A. Cafaro Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (1) — $ 3,225,000 — $ 3,225,000 $ — $ — Prorated Maximum Bonus for year of termination 3,870,000 3,870,000 3,870,000 Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Bonus for year of termination (1) — 11,610,000 — 11,610,000 — — Vesting of equity awards (2)(3) — 23,469,612 — 23,469,612 13,871,798 13,871,798 Continued insurance benefits (4) — 250,182 — 250,182 56,860 — Office space and administrative services — 50,000 — 50,000 — — Reduction (5) — — — — — — Total for Debra A. Cafaro — $ 42,474,794 — $ 42,474,794 $ 17,798,658 $ 13,871,798 Robert F. Probst Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (1) — 646,119 — 1,292,238 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — 1,130,708 — — — — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — — — 3,230,595 — — Vesting of equity awards (2)(3) — 2,403,352 — 4,781,694 4,781,694 — Continued insurance benefits (4) — 28,584 — 57,167 — — Reduction (5) — — — — — — Total for Robert F. Probst — $ 4,208,763 — $ 9,361,694 $ 4,781,694 $ — John D. Cobb Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (1) — 644,960 — 1,612,401 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — — — 2,821,701 — — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — 1,612,401 — — — — Vesting of equity awards (2)(3) — 2,399,037 — 4,773,063 4,773,063 — Continued insurance benefits (4) — 28,584 — 57,167 — — Reduction (5) — — — — — — Total for John D. Cobb — $ 4,684,981 — $ 9,264,332 $ 4,773,063 $ — J. Justin Hutchens Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (1) — 500,000 — 1,250,000 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — 750,000 — 1,875,000 — — Vesting of equity awards (2)(3) — 1,368,559 — 4,105,580 4,105,580 — Continued insurance benefits (4) — 28,584 — 57,168 — — Reduction (5) — — — — — — Total for J. Justin Hutchens — $ 2,647,143 — $ 7,287,747 $ 4,105,580 $ — 2021 Proxy Statement 75 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Benefit Termination for Cause or without Good Reason Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Change of Control (without Termination) Involuntary Termination in Connection with a Change of Control Death or Disability Retirement Carey S. Roberts Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination (1) — 475,000 — 1,187,500 — — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of termination (1) — 712,500 — 1,781,250 — — Vesting of equity awards (2)(3) — 3,170,436 — 4,037,120 4,037,120 — Continued insurance benefits (4) — 9,882 — 19,765 — — Reduction (5) — — — — — — Total for Carey S. Roberts — $ 4,367,818 — $ 7,025,635 $ 4,037,120 $ — Notes: (1) Multipliers for the Named Executive Officers are as follows: Name Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Involuntary Termination Following Change of Control Debra A. Cafaro 3x 3x Robert F. Probst 1x 2x John D. Cobb 1x 2.5x J. Justin Hutchens 1x 2.5x Carey S. Roberts 1x 2.5x (2) Included in the table are (i) amounts attributable to vesting of unvested time-based RSU awards and (ii) amounts payable pursuant to the 2019-2021 and 2020-2022 pRSU Awards. Amounts earned pursuant to the 2018-2020 pRSU Awards that were distributed in the first quarter of 2021 are not included, in accordance with SEC guidance. Because the 2019-2021 and 2020-2022 were performing below target as of December 31, 2020, amounts payable reflect target vesting in the scenarios where the award agreements provide for a payout at the higher of actual performance or target. Because the pRSU awards convert to time-based awards upon a Change of Control and remain subject to the remaining vesting schedule in the event of a Change of Control in the absence of a Qualifying Termination (or subsequent retirement in the case of Ms. Cafaro only), we have not reported any pRSU award values in the “Change of Control (without Termination)” column. (3) The value of vesting of RSUs and pRSUs is determined by multiplying the number of units by $49.04, the closing price of our common stock on the last business day of our 2020 fiscal year (December 31, 2020). The value of pRSUs also includes the value of the dividend equivalents, and interest thereon, that would become payable upon vesting of pRSUs. (4) In the event of her Disability, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued medical and dental premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of her involuntary termination without Cause or for Good Reason, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued health, dental, life, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of involuntary termination without Cause or for Good Reason for each of our other Named Executive Officers, the executive would receive continued health, dental and vision insurance premiums for a period of 12 months (24 months if such termination occurs within one year of a Change of Control). (5) Pursuant to the Cafaro Agreement and the Executive Severance Agreements with our other Named Executive Officers, under certain circumstances, payments or benefits are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon them by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. Determination of the reduction amount is based on a number of assumptions (including no value being assigned to restrictive covenants such as noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions), which may ultimately be different at the time of a Change of Control or Qualifying Termination, resulting in corresponding adjustments to the reduction amount. We determined that there would not have been a reduction to any of our Named Executive Officers’ payouts had termination occurred on December 31, 2020. 76 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table summarizes information with respect to our
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2020: Plan Category (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 3,953,527 $60.90 5,469,205 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders (2) 112,174 N/A 1,004,085 Total 4,065,701 $60.90 6,473,290 (1) These plans consist of: (a) the Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan; (b) the 2006 Incentive Plan; (c) the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors; and (d) the 2012 Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2020, 2,810,487 shares were available for future issuance under the Employee and Director Stock Purchase Plan and 2,658,718 shares were available for grant under the 2012 Incentive Plan. No additional grants are permitted under the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, the 2006 Incentive Plan or the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors. (2) These plans consist of: (a) the Director Deferred Compensation Plan, under which our non-employee directors may receive, in lieu of director fees, units that settle into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis; and (b) the Executive Deferred Stock Compensation Plan, under which our executive officers may receive, in lieu of compensation, units that settle into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. CEO Pay Ratio As required by SEC regulations, we are providing information regarding
the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of our CEO. For 2020, the
median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company (other than our CEO) was $99,569 and the annual total compensation
of our CEO, as reported in the 2020 Summary Compensation Table above, was $12,628,714. The ratio of our CEO’s 2020 annual
total compensation to our median employee’s 2020 annual total compensation is 127 to 1. Our median employee was determined
as of December 31, 2020 by selecting the employee, out of all of our employees who were employed on such date, with the median
2020 target total direct compensation (sum of base salary, target annual cash bonus and target equity award). The pay ratio presented in this Proxy Statement is a reasonable
estimate calculated in good faith, in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, based on our payroll and employment
records and the methodology described above. The SEC rules for identifying the “median employee” and calculating the
pay ratio based on that employee’s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply
certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay
ratios reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio set forth above, as other companies may have different
employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating
their own pay ratios. 2021 Proxy Statement 77 Table of Contents Audit Matters Proposal 3: Ratification of Fiscal 2021 Auditor Selection Our Audit Committee is responsible for the retention, compensation
and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of its audit
report on our consolidated financial statements and its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. As part of its
regular processes, our Audit Committee also annually reviews and approves the leadership, composition and organization of the external
audit team, periodically considers the rotation of the independent external audit firm and is directly involved, in conjunction
with the mandated rotation of the independent registered public accounting firm’s lead audit partner, in the review and approval
of our independent registered public accounting firm’s lead audit partner. Our Audit Committee has selected KPMG LLP (“KPMG”)
as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. KPMG was first engaged to serve
as our independent registered public accounting firm in July 2014, and each member of the Audit Committee believes that the continued
retention of KPMG to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for this fiscal year is in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders. At the 2021 Annual Meeting, we are asking you to ratify the selection
of KPMG as our external audit firm for this year. We and the Board value our stockholders’ views on this matter, and we believe
seeking stockholder ratification of KPMG’s selection is a matter of good corporate practice. If our stockholders fail to
ratify this selection, it will be considered a recommendation to the Audit Committee and Board to consider the selection of a different
firm, and the Audit Committee and Board may select another independent registered public accounting firm without resubmitting the
matter to the stockholders. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, select a different independent
registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in our best interests
and the best interests of our stockholders. We expect that representatives of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond
to appropriate questions and have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR ratification of the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020. 78 Table of Contents AUDIT MATTERS Audit and Non-Audit Fees KPMG audited our financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2020 and has been our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2014. Fees billed for professional services
rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were as follows: Fees 2020 2019 Audit Fees (1) $ 4,368,600 $ 4,649,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) 43,000 63,000 Tax Fees — — All Other Fees (3) 8,623 62,471 Total $ 4,420,223 $ 4,774,471 (1) Audit Fees include the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by KPMG for the audit of our annual consolidated
    and entity level financial statements (including debt covenant compliance letters), audit of internal control over financial
    reporting, review of interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and statutory audits for
    subsidiaries, advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim
    financial statements and work on securities offerings and other filings with the SEC, including comfort letters, consents
    and comment letters. (2) Audit-Related Fees in 2020 and 2019 relate to consultations on accounting matters and the Company’s subscription
    to KPMG’s online accounting research tool. (3) All Other Fees in 2020 and 2019 relate to tax consulting fees. All audit-related services, tax services and other services provided
by KPMG since the date of its engagement have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit Committee’s
pre-approval policies described below. In addition, consistent with its charter and other applicable rules and policies, the Audit
Committee determined that the provision of these services by KPMG did not compromise KPMG’s independence and was consistent
with its role as our independent registered public accounting firm. Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services The terms of our engagement of KPMG are subject to the pre-approval
of the Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee observes and implements certain procedures relating to the pre-approval of all audit
and permissible non-audit services performed by KPMG to ensure that the provision of such services and related fees does not impair
the firm’s independence. In accordance with these procedures, the annual audit services and related fees of KPMG are subject
to approval by our Audit Committee. Prior to its engagement, KPMG must provide the Audit Committee with an engagement letter outlining
the scope of proposed audit services for that year and the related fees. The Audit Committee will then review and approve, if necessary,
any changes in terms, conditions and fees resulting from changes in audit scope, Company structure or other matters. In addition, our Audit Committee may grant pre-approval for those
permissible non-audit services that it believes would not impair the independence of KPMG. However, the Audit Committee may not
grant approval for any services categorized by the SEC as “Prohibited Non-Audit Services.” Following review, the Audit
Committee pre-approves the non-audit services within each category that it believes are reasonable and appropriate and that it
concludes will not impair the firm’s independence, and the fees for each category are budgeted. The term of any pre-approved
non-audit service is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different
period. Fee levels for all non-audit services to be provided by KPMG are established periodically by the Audit Committee, and any
proposed services exceeding those levels require separate pre-approval by the Audit Committee. To obtain approval of other permissible
non-audit services, management must submit to the Audit Committee those non-audit services for which it recommends the Audit Committee
engage the independent registered public accounting firm, and both management and KPMG must confirm to the Audit Committee that
each non-audit service for which approval is requested is not a Prohibited Non-Audit Service. Our Chief Accounting Officer is responsible for tracking all fees
for pre-approved non-audit services provided by KPMG, and at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, management reports
on the pre-approved non-audit services provided during the quarter and year-to-date and the fees incurred for such services during
such periods. All services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm have been pre-approved in accordance with these procedures. The Audit Committee has determined that the services performed
by KPMG and the related fees were consistent with the maintenance of KPMG’s independence. 2021 Proxy Statement 79 Table of Contents AUDIT MATTERS Audit Committee Report A role of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight
of the Company’s financial reporting process. Management has primary responsibility for our financial statements and the
reporting process, including our system of internal controls, subject to oversight by our Audit Committee on behalf of our Board.
KPMG is responsible for auditing the Company’s financial statements and its internal control over financial reporting, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”) and expressing opinions
as to the conformity of the financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and
discussed with management our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, including the quality, not just
the acceptability, of our accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in
the financial statements. Our Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with KPMG the matters
required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and the SEC. The Audit Committee has also received the written
disclosures and the letter from KPMG required by applicable PCAOB rules regarding the independent registered public accounting
firm’s communications with the Audit Committee regarding independence. In addition, our Audit Committee has discussed with
KPMG that firm’s independence from our Company and its management, and the Audit Committee has considered the compatibility
of non-audit services with the firm’s independence. Our Audit Committee has discussed with KPMG the overall scope
and plans for its audit. The Audit Committee meets regularly with KPMG, with and without management present, to discuss the results
of its examination of our financial statements, its evaluations of our internal controls and the overall quality of our financial
reporting. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above,
the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2020 for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee also selected KPMG to serve as our independent
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Walter C. Rakowich, Chair Melody C. Barnes Marguerite M. Nader Sean P. Nolan 80 Table of Contents Securities Ownership Stock Ownership of Directors, Management and
Certain Beneficial Owners The following table reflects the number of shares of our common
stock beneficially owned by certain individuals and entities on March 31, 2021, except as otherwise noted. These individuals and
entities include: (i) owners of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) each of our current directors and
director nominees; (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers; and (iv) all current directors, director nominees and executive
officers as a group. A person has beneficial ownership of shares if the person has
or shares voting or investment power over the shares (whether or not vested) or the right to acquire such power within 60 days
of March 31, 2021. Investment power means the power to direct the sale or other disposition of the shares. Each person has sole
voting and investment power over the shares, except as we describe below. For purposes of this table, shares beneficially owned
includes shares over which a person has or shares voting power or investment power (whether or not vested). Percentages are based
on 375,053,524 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 31, 2021. Name of Beneficial Owner Vested and Unvested Shares of Common Stock Shares Subject to Options Exercisable within 60 days Stock Units That May Be Settled within 60 days Total Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern,
    PA 19355 58,275,506 (2) 15.5 % BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 36,893,877 (3) 9.8 % Cohen & Steers, Inc. 280 Park Avenue, 10th Floor New York, NY 10017 36,014,976 (4) 9.6 % State Street Corporation One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 22,184,174 (5) 5.9 % APG Asset Management US Inc. 666 3rd Ave., 2nd Floor New York,
    NY 10017 20,344,830 (6) 5.4 % JPMorgan Chase & Co. 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179 20,129,996 (7) 5.4 % Melody C. Barnes 13,292 + — + — = 13,292 * Debra A. Cafaro 762,047 (8) + 2,265,329 + 469,254 (9) = 3,496,630 (8) * John D. Cobb 68,255 + 430,918 + — = 499,173 * Jay M. Gellert 87,774 + 5,940 + 84,907 (10) = 178,621 * Richard I. Gilchrist 35,270 + — + — = 35,270 * J. Justin Hutchens 12,436 + — — = 12,436 * Matthew J. Lustig 2,656 + 9,731 + 43,448 (10) = 55,835 * Roxanne M. Martino 13,009 + — + 12,372 (10) = 25,382 * Marguerite M. Nader — + — — = — * Sean P. Nolan 3,778 + — + — = 3,778 * Robert F. Probst 46,967 + 346,140 + — = 393,107 * Walter C. Rakowich 13,009 + — + — = 13,009 * Robert D. Reed 22,881 + 5,940 + 26,856 (10) = 55,677 * Carey S. Roberts 12,332 + — — = 12,332 * James D. Shelton 12,340 + 5,940 + 39,261 (10) = 57,541 * Maurice S. Smith — + — + — = — * All directors, director nominees and current executive officers as a group (17 persons) 1,118,440 + 3,069,938 + 679,109 = 4,867,488 1.3 % * Less than 1% (1) Percentages are based on 375,053,524 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 31, 2021 . 2021 Proxy Statement 81 Table of Contents SECURITIES OWNERSHIP (2) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. for itself and on behalf of certain of its subsidiaries (“Vanguard”)
    on February 10, 2021. Vanguard reported that, as of December 31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 0 shares of our common
    stock, shared voting power over 1,428,159 shares of our common stock, sole dispositive power over 55,831,413 shares of our
    common stock and shared dispositive power over 2,444,093 shares of our common stock. (3) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc., for itself and for certain of its affiliates (collectively, “BlackRock”),
    on February 1, 2021. BlackRock reported that, as of December 31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 33,374,172 shares of
    our common stock and sole dispositive power over 36,893,877 shares of our common stock. BlackRock, Inc. is a parent holding
    company. (4) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G filed by Cohen & Steers, Inc. (“Cohen”), Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. (“Cohen
    CM”), and Cohen & Steers UK Limited (“Cohen UK”) on February 16, 2021. Cohen reported that, as of December
    31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 24,276,640 shares of our common stock, shared voting and dispositive power of 0 shares
    of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 36,014,976 shares of our common stock. Cohen CM reported that, as of December
    31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 24,168,844 shares of our common stock, shared voting and dispositive power of 0 shares
    of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 35,224,824 shares of our common stock. Cohen UK reported that, as of December
    31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 107,796 shares of our common stock, shared voting and dispositive power of 0 shares
    of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 790,152 shares of our common stock. Cohen holds a 100% interest in Cohen
    CM, an investment advisor registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act. (5) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G filed by State Street Corp., for itself and on behalf of certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, “State
    Street”), on February 11, 2021. State Street reported that, as of December 31, 2020, it had sole voting and dispositive
    power over 0 shares of our common stock, shared voting power over 19,419,985 shares of our common stock and shared dispositive
    power over 22,157,227 shares of our common stock. (6) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G/A filed by APG Asset Management US Inc. (“APG US”), APG Asset Management, N.V. (“APG NV”),
    APG Groep, N.V. (“APG Group”), and Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP (“Stichting”) on January 19, 2021.
    Each of APG US, APG NV, APG Group and Stichting reported that, as of December 31, 2020, it had sole voting and dispositive
    power over 0 shares of our common stock and shared voting and dispositive power over 20,344,830 shares of common stock. APG
    NV is wholly owned by APG Group and is the investment manager with respect to the reported ownership of our common stock.
    APG NV has delegated its investment and voting power with respect to our common stock to APG US, which is its wholly owned
    subsidiary. Stichting is the majority owner of APG Group. As a result of these relationships, each of these entities may be
    deemed to share beneficial ownership of our common stock. (7) Based solely on information contained in a
    Schedule 13G filed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. for itself and for certain of its affiliates (collectively, “JPMorgan”),
    on January 19, 2021. JPMorgan reported that, as of December 31, 2020, it had sole voting power over 15,839,962 shares, shared
    voting power over 29,439 shares, sole dispositive power over 20,064,761 shares and shared dispositive power over 62,591 shares
    of our common stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a parent holding company. (8) Includes 132,533 shares held in trust for
    the benefit of Ms. Cafaro’s immediate family, as to which Ms. Cafaro’s spouse is the trustee. Ms. Cafaro disclaims
    beneficial ownership of these shares. (9) Reflects equity awards that would vest on
    retirement for those who are retirement eligible. (10) Shares underlying units held for the director
    pursuant to the Company’s Director Deferred Compensation Plan. The director has no shareholder rights with respect to
    the underlying shares. Director and Executive Officer 10b5-1 Plans From time to time, certain of our directors and executive officers
may adopt non-discretionary, written trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. These 10b5-1 plans permit
our directors and executive officers to monetize their equity-based compensation in an automatic and non-discretionary manner over
time and are generally adopted for estate, tax and financial planning purposes. Our Securities Trading Policy requires preclearance
of any 10b5-1 plan, and any subsequent modification or termination, by our legal department. 82 Table of Contents Additional Information Information About Our 2021 Annual Meeting To promote a safe and healthy experience for our stockholders,
employees and communities, and to encourage communication and enhance participation in the meeting by our stockholders, we have
elected to conduct Ventas’s 2021 Annual Meeting via live webcast as a virtual meeting only. Meeting Information Meeting Date and Time The live webcast of the Ventas 2021 Annual Meeting will begin
at 8:00 a.m. Central Time on Tuesday, May 25, 2021. Attending the Meeting Stockholders who hold shares at the close of business on March
31, 2021, our record date, will be able to attend and participate in the virtual meeting. Beginning at 7:45 a.m. Central Time
on the day of the meeting, stockholders may check in online using the 16-digit control number included on their proxy materials,
on their proxy card or on the voting instruction form or other instructions that accompanied their proxy materials and by following
the instructions on the Ventas 2021 Annual Meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 . Participating in the Meeting Stockholders who join the meeting by checking in online with their
16-digit control number will be able to participate in the meeting, vote their shares, review our list of stockholders of record
and ask questions. The rules of conduct for the 2021 Annual Meeting will be posted
on the Ventas 2021 Annual Meeting website. The rules will explain what types of questions will be allowed and answered during the
2021 Annual Meeting, the number of questions allowed per stockholder, the time guidelines for questions and what happens if we
run out of time during the meeting and there are questions that have not been answered. Asking Questions Stockholders may send questions they wish management to address
at the meeting by each of the following ways: Before the Meeting, Online Visit www.proxyvote.com until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021 During the Meeting, Online Click on the “Ask a Question” button on the Annual Meeting website Technical Details The online platform for the virtual meeting will be widely supported
across internet browsers and devices, including desktop computers, laptop computers, tablets and cell phones. Stockholders who
wish to participate in the live webcast should log in from a location with a strong Wi-Fi or other internet connection, join the
meeting before the official start time of the meeting on May 25, 2021 and ensure they can hear audio streaming prior to the start
of the meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in time or meeting time, or you
have any questions regarding how to use the virtual meeting platform, please call the technical support number that will be posted
on the Ventas 2021 Annual Meeting website log-in page. 2021 Proxy Statement 83 Table of Contents ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Voting Mechanics Whether or not you are able to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting,
we encourage all stockholders to vote, and we recommend all stockholders vote their shares in advance of the 2021 Annual Meeting
by one of the methods described in this Proxy Statement. How to Vote—Stockholders of Record Stockholders who own shares registered in their own name (that
is, they are a “stockholder of record”) may vote their shares by proxy in advance of the meeting or they may vote during
the virtual meeting on Tuesday, May 25, 2021. Stockholders of record who wish to vote by proxy may submit their proxy in any of
the following ways: By Telephone Call +1 800 690 6903 24 hours a day, seven days a week until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021 By Mail Request, complete and return the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided Via the Internet Visit www.proxyvote.com until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021 Scan QR Code Vote at the virtual meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 How to Vote—Beneficial Owners A stockholder who owns shares registered in the name of a broker,
bank or other custodian is a “beneficial owner” and should vote in advance of the meeting by following the instructions
provided by their broker, bank or custodian. If you are a beneficial owner and you do not instruct your broker,
bank or custodian how to vote, your broker, bank or custodian will have discretionary authority, under current NYSE rules, to vote
your shares in their discretion on the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting
firm for fiscal year 2021 (Proposal 3). However, your broker, bank or custodian will not have discretionary authority to vote on
the election of the eleven director nominees (Proposal 1) or on the advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive
Officers (Proposal 2) without instructions from you. As a result, if you do not provide instructions to your broker, bank or custodian,
your shares will not be voted on Proposal 1 or Proposal 2. Eligibility Only Ventas stockholders of record at the close of business on
March 31, 2021, the record date, are entitled to vote at the 2021 Annual Meeting. As of the record date, 375,053,524 shares of
our common stock, par value $0.25 per share, were outstanding. Each share of our common stock entitles the owner to one vote on
each matter properly brought before the 2021 Annual Meeting. However, certain shares designated as “Excess Shares”
(generally any shares owned by a beneficial owner in excess of 9.0% of our outstanding common stock) or as “Special Excess
Shares” pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our “Charter”), may not
be voted by the beneficial or record owner of those shares and will be voted in accordance with Article IX of our Charter. Votes by Proxy All shares that have been properly voted by proxy and not revoked
will be voted at the 2021 Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy. Shares represented by proxy
cards that are signed and returned but do not contain any voting instructions will be voted consistent with the Board’s recommendations. Quorum The holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding
as of the close of business on March 31, 2021, which is the record date for our 2021 Annual Meeting, must be present in person
or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum to transact business at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Stockholders who abstain from voting
and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of establishing a quorum. A broker non-vote occurs when a beneficial owner does not
provide voting instructions to the beneficial owner’s broker or custodian with respect to a proposal on which the broker
or custodian does not have discretionary authority to vote. 84 Table of Contents ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Other Matters Our Board is not aware of any matters that are expected to come
before the 2021 Annual Meeting other than those set forth in the Notice of Meeting and described in this Proxy Statement. If any
other matter should properly come before the 2021 Annual Meeting, your executed proxy gives the persons named in the accompanying
form of proxy, or their substitutes, discretionary authority to vote your shares in accordance with their best judgment with respect
to any such other matter. If the 2021 Annual Meeting is adjourned or postponed, the proxies will vote stockholders’ shares
at the meeting, when held, in accordance with instructions provided for the meeting, except for any stockholders who revoke their
proxy. Stockholder List Our list of stockholders of record as of the March 31, 2021 record
date for our 2021 Annual Meeting will be available on the virtual meeting site during the meeting. In addition, in accordance with
Delaware law, the list of stockholders will be available for inspection at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark Street,
Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654, for at least 10 days prior to the 2021 Annual Meeting. Vote Requirements, Board Recommendations and
Voting Results Agenda Item Description Board Recommendation Vote
    Requirement for Approval Effect
    of Abstentions Effect
    of Broker Non-Votes 1 Proposal to elect the 11 director nominees named in the Proxy Statement FOR Majority of votes cast No effect No effect 2 Proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers FOR Majority of shares present (in person or by proxy) and entitled to vote Counted as “AGAINST” No effect 3 Proposal to ratify the selection of KPMG, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year FOR Majority of shares present (in person or by proxy) and entitled to vote Counted as “AGAINST” Discretionary vote Voting Results We will publish the voting results in a Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed with the SEC. Questions and Answers What is a proxy? What is a proxy statement? A proxy is a legal designation of a person to vote on your behalf.
A proxy statement is the document we must give you when we solicit your proxy. It is required by SEC rules. We have designated
two of our officers to serve as proxies for the 2021 Annual Meeting: Debra A. Cafaro and Robert F. Probst. By completing and returning
the enclosed proxy card, you are giving each of these officers the authority to vote your shares in the manner you indicate on
your proxy card. How do I revoke a vote? If you are a stockholder of record, you can revoke your prior
vote by proxy if you: 1. execute and return a later-dated proxy card before your proxy is voted at the 2021 Annual Meeting; 2. vote by telephone or over the internet no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 24, 2021; 3. deliver a written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654, before your proxy is voted at the 2021 Annual Meeting; or 4. vote online at the virtual meeting. If you are a beneficial owner, follow the instructions provided
by your broker, bank or custodian to revoke your vote prior to the meeting. 2021 Proxy Statement 85 Table of Contents ADDITIONAL INFORMATION How are proxies solicited and what is the cost? We bear the cost of soliciting proxies by or on behalf of our
Board. In addition to solicitation through the mail, proxies may be solicited in person or by telephone or electronic communication
by our directors, officers and employees, none of whom will receive additional compensation for these services. We have engaged
Innisfree to distribute and solicit proxies on our behalf, and we will pay Innisfree a fee of $20,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses for these services. We will also reimburse brokers and other custodians for their reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with distributing forms of proxies and proxy materials to beneficial owners of our common stock. What is householding? To eliminate duplicate mailings, conserve natural resources and
reduce our printing costs and postage fees, we engage in “householding,” which means that we will deliver a single
set of proxy materials (other than proxy cards, which will remain separate) to our stockholders who share the same address and
who have the same last name or consent in writing. If your household receives multiple copies of our proxy materials, you may request
to receive only one copy by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. at 1-866-540-7095 or in writing at Householding Department,
51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Similarly, if your household receives only one copy of our proxy materials, you may request
an additional copy by contacting Broadridge as indicated above. We will deliver the requested additional copy promptly following
our receipt of your request. Electronic Document Delivery to Stockholders Stockholders of record and most beneficial owners may elect to
receive an e-mail that will contain electronic links to our Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and 2020 Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Electronic document delivery is better for the environment and saves us the cost of producing and mailing documents.
It will give you a direct electronic link to the proxy voting site. Active employees of the Company who hold common stock in certain
employee benefit plan accounts or are stockholders of record generally receive their proxy materials by electronic delivery to
their business e-mail accounts. We will mail to stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability
containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials and how to vote by proxy online. We will also mail this Proxy Statement
and the materials accompanying it to stockholders who have requested paper copies. If you would like to receive a printed copy
of our proxy materials by mail, you should follow the instructions for requesting those materials included in the Notice that we
mail to you. THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND OUR 2020 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K ARE AVAILABLE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM 86 Table of Contents ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Submission of Stockholder Proposals and Other
Items for 2022 Annual Meeting Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations
for Inclusion in Our Proxy Statement Any stockholder who wishes to submit a proposal for inclusion
in the proxy materials for our 2022 Annual Meeting may do so by following the procedures set out in Rule 14-8 under the Exchange
Act. To be eligible for inclusion, the proposal must be received by our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices
at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654 not later than December 14, 2021. Under the proxy access provisions in our By-Laws, a stockholder
or a group of up to 20 stockholders owning at least 3% of our common stock continuously for at least three years and complying
with the other requirements set forth in our By-Laws may nominate up to two persons or 20% of the Board, whichever is greater,
for election as a director at an annual meeting and have those persons included in our proxy statement. To be eligible for inclusion
in the proxy materials for our 2022 Annual Meeting, our Corporate Secretary must receive any proxy access nomination notice at
the address provided above no earlier than November 14, 2021 and no later than December 14, 2021. Other Stockholder Nominations and Proposals Under our By-Laws, stockholders must follow certain procedures
to nominate a person for election as a director or introduce an item of business at an annual meeting, even if that item will not
be included in our proxy statement. To be properly brought before our annual meeting of stockholders
in 2022, our Corporate Secretary must receive any such nomination or proposal at the address provided above no earlier than November
14, 2021 and no later than December 14, 2021. As required by our By-Laws, a notice of a proposed nomination must include information
about the stockholder and the nominee, as well as a written consent of the proposed nominee to serve if elected. A notice of a
proposed item of business must include a description of and the reasons for bringing the proposed business to the meeting, any
material interest of the stockholder in the business and certain other information about the stockholder. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements This Proxy Statement contains “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and Section 21E of
the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and
strategies, anticipated results from operations and developments and other matters that are not historical facts. The forward-looking
statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as on a number of assumptions concerning future events. Readers should
not put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of performance and are subject to a number
of uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date on which they are made. Certain factors that could prevent Ventas from achieving its stated goals include the risk factors
listed in our Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and our other reports filed with the SEC, which stockholders
and other interested parties are directed and referred. 2021 Proxy Statement 87 Table of Contents [This page intentionally left blank] Table of Contents Annex A: Non-GAAP
Financial Measures Reconciliation Funds from Operations and Normalized Funds
from Operations For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 439,149 $ 433,016 $ 409,467 Net income attributable to common stockholders per share $ 1.17 $ 1.17 $ 1.14 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization on real estate assets 1,104,114 1,039,550 913,537 Depreciation on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests (16,767 ) (9,762 ) (6,926 ) Depreciation on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities 4,986 187 1,977 Impairment on equity method investments — — 35,708 Gain on real estate dispositions (262,218 ) (26,022 ) (46,247 ) (Loss) gain on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests (9 ) 343 1,508 Gain on real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities — (1,263 ) (875 ) FFO (Nareit) attributable to common stockholders $ 1,269,255 $ 1,436,049 $ 1,308,149 FFO (Nareit) attributable to common stockholders per share $ 3.37 $ 3.88 $ 3.64 Adjustments: Merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 34,690 18,208 38,145 Non-cash income tax benefit (98,114 ) (58,918 ) (18,427 ) Impact of tax reform — — (24,618 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 10,791 41,900 63,073 Gain on non-real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities (597 ) (18 ) (2 ) Change in fair value of financial instruments (21,928 ) (78 ) (18 ) Amortization of other intangibles 472 484 759 Other items related to unconsolidated entities (614 ) 3,291 5,035 Non-cash charges related to lease terminations — — 21,299 Non-cash impact of changes to equity plan (452 ) 7,812 4,830 Natural disaster expenses (recoveries), net 1,247 (25,683 ) 63,830 Impact of Holiday lease termination (50,184 ) — — Write-off of straight-line rental income, net of noncontrolling interests 70,863 — — Allowance on loan investments and impairment of unconsolidated entities, net of noncontrolling interests 34,543 — — Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders $ 1,249,972 $ 1,423,047 $ 1,462,055 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders per share $ 3.32 $ 3.85 $ 4.07 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes
that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically have risen
or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that
use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For that reason, we consider FFO and Normalized FFO to be appropriate
supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. In particular, we believe that Normalized FFO is useful because
it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real
estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items
and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash
components of FFO and Normalized FFO because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items
on our financial results. 2021 Proxy Statement A-1 Table of Contents ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION We use the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
(“Nareit”) definition of FFO. Nareit defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance
with GAAP), excluding gains or losses from sales of real estate property, including gains or losses on re-measurement of equity
method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and
after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and entities. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and entities will be
calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define Normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which
may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration
expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any
expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional
costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our
debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation
plan, derivative transactions that have non-cash mark to market impacts on our income statement and non-cash charges related to
leases; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations made to the Ventas
Charitable Foundation; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value
of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other unusual items related to unconsolidated
entities; (g) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters;
(h) net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters and (i) any other incremental items set forth in the Normalized FFO
reconciliation included herein. FFO and Normalized FFO presented herein may not be comparable
to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions.
FFO and Normalized FFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income attributable to common stockholders (determined in
accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined
in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are they necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all
of our needs. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, FFO
and Normalized FFO should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to common stockholders as presented elsewhere
herein. A-2 Table of Contents ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA The following table illustrates net debt to adjusted pro forma
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense, asset impairment
and valuation allowances), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, partners’ share of EBITDA of consolidated
entities, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial
statements, net gains or losses on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition,
changes in the fair value of financial instruments, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, net expenses or recoveries related
to natural disasters and non-cash charges related to leases, and including (a) Ventas’ share of EBITDA from unconsolidated
entities and (b) other immaterial or identified items (“Adjusted EBITDA”). The following information considers the pro forma effect on Adjusted
EBITDA of our activity during the year ended December 31, 2020, as if the transactions had been consummated as of the beginning
of the period (“Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA”) and considers any other incremental items set forth in the Adjusted Pro
Forma EBITDA reconciliation included herein. We believe that net debt, Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA and net debt to Adjusted Pro Forma
EBITDA are useful to investors, analysts and our management because they allow the comparison of our credit strength between periods
and to other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period. For
    the Year Ended December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 439,149 Adjustments: Interest 469,541 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 10,791 Taxes (including tax amounts in general, administrative and professional fees) (91,389 ) Depreciation and amortization 1,109,763 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 21,487 Merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 29,811 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, adjusted for partners’ share of consolidated entity EBITDA (24,381 ) Loss from unconsolidated entities, adjusted for Ventas share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities 59,631 Gain on real estate dispositions (262,218 ) Unrealized foreign currency gains (439 ) Change in fair value of financial instruments (21,928 ) Natural disaster expenses, net 1,203 Write-off of straight-line rental income from Holiday lease termination 49,611 Write-off of straight-line rental income, net of noncontrolling interests 70,863 Allowance on loan investments and impairment of unconsolidated entities, net of noncontrolling interests 23,879 Adjusted EBITDA 1,885,374 Adjustments for current period activity (7,442 ) Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA $ 1,877,932 As of December 31, 2020: Total debt $ 11,895,412 Debt on assets held for sale 2,634 Cash (413,327 ) Restricted cash pertaining to debt (20,477 ) Partners’ share of consolidated debt (271,557 ) Ventas share of non-consolidated debt 213,013 Net debt $ 11,405,698 Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA 6.1x 2021 Proxy Statement A-3 Table of Contents ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION Same-Store Cash NOI (on a Constant Currency
Basis) For
    the Year Ended December 31, 2020 2019 (Dollars in thousands) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 439,149 $ 433,016 Adjustments: Interest and other income (7,609 ) (10,984 ) Interest 469,541 451,662 Depreciation and amortization 1,109,763 1,045,620 General, administrative and professional fees 130,158 158,726 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 10,791 41,900 Merger-related expenses and deal costs 29,812 15,235 Allowance on loans receivable and investments 24,238 — Other 707 (10,339 ) (Income) loss from unconsolidated entities (1,844 ) 2,454 Gain on real estate dispositions (262,218 ) (26,022 ) Income tax benefit (96,534 ) (56,310 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2,036 6,281 Reported NOI $ 1,847,990 $ 2,051,239 Adjustments to Cash NOI: Straight-lining of rental income (21,119 ) (30,073 ) Non-cash rental income (39,394 ) (7,080 ) Cash modification fee 2,029 (80 ) Cash impact of Brookdale lease modification 161,533 — Impact of Holiday lease termination (50,184 ) — Write-off of straight-line rental income 74,589 — NOI not included in cash NOI (1) (47,815 ) (142,750 ) Non-segment NOI (87,021 ) (92,610 ) NOI impact from change in FX — (1,132 ) Cash NOI $ 1,840,608 $ 1,777,514 Adjustments to Same-store NOI: Cash modification fees not in same-store 1,000 — Cash NOI not included in same-store (157,678 ) (69,142 ) NOI impact from change in FX not in same-store — 442 Same-store cash NOI (constant currency) $ 1,683,930 $ 1,708,814 Percentage decrease (constant currency) (1.5 %) (1) Excludes sold assets, Assets Held for Sale, development properties not yet operational and land parcels. We consider NOI and same-store cash NOI as important supplemental
measures because they allow investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and
to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income,
property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. In the case of NOI, cash receipts may differ due to straight-line
recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. We define same-store as properties owned, consolidated and operational
for the full period in both comparison periods and are not otherwise excluded; provided, however, that we may include selected
properties that otherwise meet the same-store criteria if they are included in substantially all of, but not a full, period for
one or both of the comparison periods, and in our judgment such inclusion provides a more meaningful presentation of its portfolio
performance. A-4 Table of Contents ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION Newly acquired or recently developed or redeveloped properties
in our Senior Housing Operating Portfolio (“SHOP”) reportable business segment will be included in same-store once
they are stabilized for the full period in both periods presented. These properties are considered stabilized upon the earlier
of (a) the achievement of 80% sustained occupancy or (b) 24 months from the date of acquisition or substantial completion of work.
Recently developed or redeveloped properties in our Office and Triple-Net Leased Portfolios reportable business segments will be
included in same-store once substantial completion of work has occurred for the full period in both periods presented. SHOP and
Triple-Net Leased properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions will be included in same-store once operating
under consistent operating structures for the full period in both periods presented. Properties are excluded from same-store if they are: (i) sold,
classified as held for sale or properties whose operations were classified as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP;
(ii) impacted by materially disruptive events such as flood or fire; (iii) those properties that are currently undergoing a materially
disruptive redevelopment; (iv) for the Office Portfolio, those properties for which management has an intention to institute a
redevelopment plan because the properties may require major property-level expenditures to maximize value, increase net operating
income, or maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization; or (v) for the SHOP and Triple-Net Leased
Portfolios, those properties that are scheduled to undergo operator or business model transitions, or have transitioned operators
or business models after the start of the prior comparison period. To eliminate the impact of exchange rate movements, all portfolio
performance-based disclosures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current
period’s results are shown in actual reported USD, while prior comparison period’s results are adjusted and converted
to USD based on the average exchange rate for the current period. 2021 Proxy Statement A-5 Table of Contents Helpful Resources Annual Meeting Information Proxy
    Statement www.proxyvote.com Annual
    Meeting Website www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 About
    Ventas Website https://www.ventasreit.com/ Leadership https://www.ventasreit.com/about-ventas/leadership Corporate
    Governance https://ir.ventasreit.com/governance/ Corporate
    Sustainability Report https://www.ventasreit.com/sites/default/files/flipbooks/csr-2020/index.html ESG
    Goals https://www.ventasreit.com/corporate-responsibility/esg-goals Investor & Stockholder Services Investor
    Relations https://ir.ventasreit.com/overview/default.aspx Company
    Presentations and Earnings
    Calls https://ir.ventasreit.com/events-and-presentations/default.aspx Request
    for Information https://ir.ventasreit.com/resources/request-for-information/default.aspx Corporate
    Governance Committee
    Charters and Guidelines
    on Governance https://ir.ventasreit.com/governance/default.aspx Financial
    Information Annual
    Reports and Supplemental
    Information https://ir.ventasreit.com/financials/annual-reports-and-supplemental-information/default.aspx SEC
Filings https://ir.ventasreit.com/financials/sec-filings/default.aspx Stock & Dividend Information Stock
    Information https://ir.ventasreit.com/stock-and-dividend/stock-information/default.aspx Dividend
    Information https://ir.ventasreit.com/stock-and-dividend/dividend-information/default.aspx Form
    8937 – Organizational
    Actions https://ir.ventasreit.com/stock-and-dividend/form-8937-organizational-actions/default.aspx Table of Contents Acronyms
    Used CAGR Compound Annual Growth Rate NNN Triple Net CD&A Compensation Discussion & Analysis NYSE New York Stock Exchange CEO Chief Executive Officer PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board CFO Chief Financial Officer PPE Personal Protective Equipment DE&I Diversity, Equity and Inclusion pRSU Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit EBITDA Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization REEC Real Estate Executive Council ESG Environmental, Social and Governance REIT Real Estate Investment Trust FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board R&I Research & Innovation FFO Funds From Operations RSU Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles SEC Securities and Exchange Commission GRI Global Reporting Initiative SHOP Senior Housing Operating Portfolio GTL Group Term Life Insurance TSR Total Stockholder Return LEED Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design VIM Ventas Investment Management NOI Net Operating Income Website References Readers may also access additional information about Ventas, Inc.
at www.ventasreit.com, our corporate website. References to our website in this Proxy Statement
are provided for convenience only, and the content on our website is not incorporated into this Proxy Statement and does not constitute
a part of this Proxy Statement. Printed Materials Stockholders may obtain a free printed copy of our Annual Report,
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, this Proxy Statement and our By-Laws by writing to our Corporate Secretary
at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Table of Contents Table of Contents VENTAS, INC. ATTN: CORPORATE SECRETARY 353 NORTH CLARK STREET SUITE 3300 CHICAGO, IL 60654 VOTE BY INTERNET Before The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information.
Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on May 24, 2021. Have your proxy card in hand when you access
the website and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic
voting instruction form. During The Meeting - Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 You may attend the meeting via the Internet and vote during the meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked
by the arrow available and follow the instructions. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on May 24, 2021. Have your proxy
card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we
have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way,
Edgewood, NY 11717. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by Ventas, Inc. in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all
future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic
delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive
or access proxy materials electronically in future years. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: D38728-P47978 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. VENTAS, INC. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR each Director Nominee in proposal 1 and FOR proposals 2 and 3. 1. Election of Directors Nominees: For Against Abstain 1a. Melody C. Barnes ☐ ☐ ☐ 1b. Debra A. Cafaro ☐ ☐ ☐ 1c. Jay M. Gellert ☐ ☐ ☐ 1d. Matthew J. Lustig ☐ ☐ ☐ 1e. Roxanne M. Martino ☐ ☐ ☐ 1f. Marguerite M. Nader ☐ ☐ ☐ 1g. Sean P. Nolan ☐ ☐ ☐ 1h. Walter C. Rakowich ☐ ☐ ☐ 1i. Robert D. Reed ☐ ☐ ☐ For Against Abstain 1j. James D. Shelton ☐ ☐ ☐ 1k. Maurice S. Smith ☐ ☐ ☐ 2. Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers. ☐ ☐ ☐ 3. Ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. ☐ ☐ ☐ NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary,
please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership,
please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting: The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. D38729-P47978 Ventas, Inc. Annual Meeting of Stockholders May 25, 2021 8:00 AM CDT This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors of Ventas, Inc. The undersigned, revoking all prior proxies, hereby appoints Debra A. Cafaro and Robert F. Probst, and each of them, as proxies
with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for and in the name of the undersigned, to vote all shares of common
stock of Ventas, Inc., which the undersigned would be entitled to vote if personally present at the 2021 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held virtually via a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VTR2021 at 8:00 a.m. CDT on
Tuesday, May 25, 2021, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof, upon the matters hereby acknowledged, and upon any
other business that may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Said proxies are directed
to vote on matters described in the Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders as indicated on the reverse
side hereof, and otherwise in their discretion upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment
or postponement thereof. When properly executed, this Proxy will be voted as directed, but if no direction is indicated, this Proxy will be voted (1) “FOR” each director-nominee identified herein to the Board of Directors, (2) “FOR” the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers and (3) “FOR” the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. Continued and to be signed on reverse side