DEF 14A 1 d219457ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.     ) Filed by the Registrant
☒                            Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to § 240.14a-12 AT&T Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy
Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which the transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which the transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of the transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the
filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of the transaction: (5) Total fee paid: ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents 2022 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OFdK_ ,K __Z __E__ WZKyz_ d_d_D_Ed Table of Contents To Our Stockholders IT’S A PLEASURE TO INVITE YOU TO OUR 2022 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. I HOPE YOU CAN
JOIN US VIRTUALLY ON THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2022, AT 3:00 P.M. CENTRAL TIME. Dear Stockholders: As your chairman of AT&T’s Board of Directors, I’m proud of our Company’s longstanding commitment to strong,
effective governance. The Board’s role is
to keep our Company focused on sustainable success and represent your interests. To do that, we challenge conventional thinking, offer a diversity of perspectives and take a proactive approach to overseeing AT&T’s direction and operations
– all while fulfilling our mission to create value for you. We place a high priority on communicating with our investors, and I hope you can join us at our virtual Annual Meeting on Thursday, May
19 th . In the meantime, on behalf of the entire Board, I thank you for your continued confidence in AT&T. Sincerely, Bill Kennard William E. Kennard INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Dear Stockholders: It’s my pleasure to invite you to our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, a virtual web-based event. I hope you can join us at https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 on Thursday, May 19 th , starting at 3 p.m. Central
time. At this year’s meeting, we’ll
update you on our business momentum as we deliver on our Company’s purpose of keeping customers connected. You’ll also hear about the progress we made against our 2021 business priorities: •  Grow customer relationships through consistent subscriber growth in
Mobility, Fiber and HBO Max. •  Improve effectiveness and increase cost efficiencies enabling us to
reinvest in our growth areas. •  Be deliberate in our capital allocation to ensure the right capital
structure to support future business success. Our goal is to generate long-term value for our stockholders by delivering sustainable success. On behalf of the Board and our
management team, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, John
Stankey March 22, 2022 John T. Stankey CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT Table of Contents AT&T Inc. One
AT&T Plaza Whitacre Tower 208 S. Akard Street Dallas, TX 75202 NOTICE OF 2022 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To the Holders of Common Stock of AT&T Inc.: The 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of AT&T Inc. will be conducted virtually on the Internet. There will be no in-person meeting. When: 3:00 p.m. Central time Thursday, May 19, 2022 Web Address: https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 The purpose of the annual meeting is to consider and act on the following: 1. Election of Directors 2. Ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors 3. Advisory approval of executive compensation 4. Any other business that may properly come before the meeting, including stockholder proposals Holders of AT&T Inc. common stock of record at the close of business on March 21, 2022, are entitled to vote at the meeting and at any
adjournment of the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors. Stacey Maris Senior Vice President,
Deputy General Counsel and Secretary March 22, 2022 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Please promptly sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form, or submit your proxy and/or voting instructions by telephone or
through the Internet so that a quorum may be represented at the meeting. Any person giving a proxy has the power to revoke it at any time, and stockholders who virtually attend the meeting may withdraw their proxies and vote electronically at the
meeting. ATTENDING THE MEETING A Stockholder of Record or a Beneficial Stockholder may access the meeting at https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 by following the prompts, which will
ask for the Stockholder’s control number, which is shown in a box on the Proxy Card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. More information about accessing the meeting is provided on the next page. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 19,
2022: The Proxy Statement
and Annual Report to Stockholders are available at www.edocumentview.com/att Table of Contents Attending the Meeting The Record Date for AT&T’s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is March 21, 2022. Stockholders of Record (shares are registered in your name) If you were a Stockholder of Record of AT&T common stock at the close of business on the Record Date, you are eligible to attend
the meeting, vote, change a prior vote, and submit questions. To access the meeting, visit https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 and follow the prompts, which will ask you to enter your control number. The control number is on your Proxy Card or, if
applicable, shown in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Beneficial Stockholders (shares are held in the name of a bank, broker, or other
institution) If you were a beneficial stockholder of AT&T common stock as of the Record Date (i.e., you hold your shares
through a broker or other intermediary), you may submit your voting instructions through your broker or other intermediary. To access the meeting, visit https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 and use your control number. You may vote your shares at the
meeting or change a prior vote and submit questions. If you are a beneficial stockholder but do not have a control number, you may gain access to the meeting by contacting your broker or by following the instructions included with your proxy
materials. 401(k) Plan Participants If you are a participant in the AT&T Retirement Savings Plan, the AT&T Savings and Security Plan, the AT&T Puerto Rico
Retirement Savings Plan, or the BellSouth Savings and Security Plan, and if you participated in the AT&T shares fund on the record date, you are eligible to listen to the meeting via the webcast and submit questions at the meeting. You may
access the meeting and submit questions in the same manner as Stockholders of Record. Because plan participants may submit voting instructions only through the plan trustee or administrator, voting instructions must be submitted on or before
May 16, 2022. Guests The meeting
will also be available to the general public at the following link: https://meetnow.global/ATT2022. Please note that guests will not have the ability to ask questions or vote. Asking Questions If you are a Stockholder
of Record, a Beneficial Stockholder, or 401(k) Plan Participant, you may submit questions in writing during the meeting through the meeting portal at https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 using your control number. In addition, you may submit questions
beginning three days before the day of the meeting by going to https://meetnow.global/ATT2022. We will attempt to answer as many questions as we can during the meeting. Similar questions on the same topic will be answered as a group. Questions
related to individual stockholders will be answered separately by our stockholder relations team. Our replies to questions of general interest, including those we are unable to address during the meeting, will be published on our Investor Relations
website after the meeting. Stockholder Proponents Only stockholders who have submitted proposals pursuant to AT&T’s Bylaws may have a proposal submitted at the meeting. Unless
otherwise determined by the Chairman of the meeting, each proponent will be permitted to pre-record the introduction of their proposal. The introduction must be relevant to the proposal and, of course, may not otherwise be inappropriate. Control Number Your control number appears
on your Proxy Card, in our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or in the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If you do not have a control number, you may gain access to the meeting by contacting your broker or by
following the instructions included with your proxy materials. Technical Support If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting
time, please call the phone number displayed on the virtual meeting website on the meeting date. Voting Results The voting results of the Annual Meeting will be published no later than four business days after the Annual Meeting on a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will be available in the investor relations area of our website at https://investors.att.com. Table of Contents Table of Contents SUMMARY SUM 1 GENERAL 1 VOTING ITEMS 3 Management Proposal – Item No. 1 - Election of Directors 3 Management Proposal – Item No. 2 - Ratification of the Appointment
 of Ernst 
& Young LLP as Independent Auditors 12 Management Proposal – Item No. 3 - Advisory Approval of Executive
Compensation 13 Stockholder Proposal – Item No. 4 - Improve Executive Compensation Program 14 Stockholder Proposal – Item No. 5 - Independent Board Chairman 15 Stockholder Proposal – Item No. 6 - Political Congruency Report 16 Stockholder Proposal – Item No. 7 - Civil Rights and Non-Discrimination
Audit 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 20 The Role of the Board 20 Board’s Role in Risk Oversight 20 Ethics and Compliance Program 21 Board Leadership Structure 21 Duties and Responsibilities 21 Director Nomination Process 21 Director Independence 22 Board Committees 23 Stockholder Engagement 25 Public Policy Engagement 25 Communicating with Your Board 25 Annual Multi-Step Board Evaluations 26 Related Person Transactions 27 Director Compensation 28 Director Plans 28 2021 Director Compensation Table 29 COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP 30 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) 32 AUDIT COMMITTEE 38 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 41 Executive Summary 42 Role of the Human Resources Committee 47 How NEOs Were Paid for Performance in 2021 53 Realized Compensation for NEOs 62 2021 Long Term Grants 68 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 74 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 75 OTHER INFORMATION 89 Availability of Corporate Governance Documents 89 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominees 89 Householding Information 89 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 90 Cost of Proxy Solicitation 90 CEO Pay Ratio 91 ANNEX A A-1 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy
Statement. Please read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2022 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION Time 3:00 p.m. Central time Date Thursday May 19, 2022 Place https://meetnow.global/ATT2022 ATTENDING THE MEETING You may access the meeting by going to https://meetnow.global/ATT2022
and following the prompts, which will ask you for your control number, on your Proxy Card or your Notice of Internet Availability. If you do not have a control number, contact your broker for access or follow the instructions sent with your proxy materials. AGENDA AND VOTING
RECOMMENDATIONS Management Proposals: Board Recommendation Page 1 - Election of Directors FOR each nominee 3 2 - Ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for 2022 FOR 12 3 - Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation FOR 13 Stockholder Proposals: 4 - Improve Executive Compensation Program AGAINST 14 5 - Independent Board Chairman AGAINST 15 6 - Political Congruency Report AGAINST 16 7 - Civil Rights and Non-Discrimination
Audit AGAINST 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to strong corporate governance policies that promote the long-term
interests of stockholders, strengthen Board and management accountability, and build on our environmental, social and governance leadership. The Corporate Governance section beginning on page 20 describes our governance framework, which
includes the following highlights: Independent Chairman 12 Independent Director nominees Demonstrated Board refreshment and diversity Independent Audit, Human Resources, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees Regular sessions of non-management Directors Annual election of Directors by majority vote Long-standing commitment to sustainability Stockholder right to call special meetings Clawback policy Proxy Access 2022 PROXY SUM 1 AT&T INC. Table of Contents 2022 Proxy Statement Summary DIRECTOR TENURE AND DIVERSITY We are committed to strong corporate governance that directly aligns with our long-term strategy. Since 2012, the Board has undergone a
meaningful, deliberate shift, adding eleven new independent directors with significant experience in key areas that align to the evolution of the strategy. The ongoing refreshment of the Board promotes the long-term interests of stockholders,
strengthens Board and management accountability, and builds on our environmental, social and governance leadership. DIRECTOR
NOMINEES TENURE GENDER RACE / ETHNICITY DIRECTORS AND NOMINEES* Name Age Gender Race/ Ethnicity Director Since Principal Occupation SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. 71 M W 2015 Retired Global CEO, PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited SCOTT T. FORD 59 M W 2012 Member and CEO, Westrock Group, LLC GLENN H. HUTCHINS 66 M W 2014 Chairman, North Island and North Island Ventures and Co-Founder, Silver Lake WILLIAM E. KENNARD 65 M B 2014 Former United States Ambassador to the European Union and former Chairman of
the Federal Communications Commission DEBRA L. LEE 67 F B 2019 Chair, Leading Women Defined Foundation STEPHEN J. LUCZO 65 M W 2019 Managing Partner, Crosspoint Capital Partners, L.P. MICHAEL B. MCCALLISTER 69 M W 2013 Retired Chairman of the Board and CEO, Humana Inc. BETH E. MOONEY 67 F W 2013 Retired Chairman and CEO, KeyCorp MATTHEW K. ROSE 62 M W 2010 Retired Chairman and CEO, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC JOHN T. STANKEY 59 M W 2020 CEO and President, AT&T Inc. CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR 60 F W 2013 President and CEO, Oil States International, Inc. LUIS A. UBIÑAS 59 M H 2021 Former President, Ford Foundation GEOFFREY Y. YANG 63 M A 2016 Founding Partner and Managing Director, Redpoint
Ventures *All Directors are nominated for re-election. All Director
nominees are independent, except for Mr. Stankey. Key: F – Female; M – Male; A –
Asian; B – Black or African American; H – Hispanic; W – White AT&T INC. SUM 2 2022 PROXY Table of Contents 2022 Proxy Statement Summary STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AT&T has a long history of engaging with our stockholders each spring and fall to hear their feedback and discuss relevant topics,
informing our Board’s approach to governance, compensation and oversight of ESG initiatives. In 2021, members of our senior management team and independent Board members conducted extensive engagement with stockholders, paying particular
attention to investors’ concerns regarding our executive compensation programs and last year’s say on pay vote. Other topics discussed included diversity and inclusion, environmental impact and ESG initiatives, disclosures and oversight.
We listened to stockholders’ feedback and discussed changes under consideration to our short-term and long-term incentive programs, in addition to seeking stockholder perspectives on important ESG topics, as we have done in prior years. The Human Resources Committee and full Board relied on meaningful input from stockholders when assessing and reviewing potential
enhancements to our executive compensation programs, including further aligning pay with TSR performance and stockholder interests, providing prior levels of detailed disclosure regarding our short-term plan targets and payouts, and limiting the use
of grants particularly without performance components. Additional detail on the feedback received and responsive actions, which build upon a history of responsiveness in prior years, can be found on pages 49-50 in the “Stockholder
Engagement” section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis . As shown in the following graphic, during
both the spring and fall of 2021, we met with stockholders representing a large portion of AT&T’s institutional investor base. (1) Spring 2021 Outreach (% of Shares Held by Institutional Investors) Fall 2021 Outreach (% of Shares Held by Institutional Investors) 1 “Institutional Investors” does not include retail, insider, and state-owned shares. 2022 PROXY SUM 3 AT&T INC. Table of Contents 2022 Proxy Statement Summary ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) HIGHLIGHTS ESG issues represent risks, opportunities and important external impacts we consider in our strategy and operations. Our approach to
ESG is integrated into our business through Board of Directors oversight, officer-level leadership of ESG initiatives across relevant departments and collaboration among dedicated teams of corporate responsibility professionals and subject-matter
experts throughout the Company. Pages 32-37 detail how our integrated ESG approach delivers long-term value for AT&T and positive social and environmental impact for our stakeholders. A sample of independent assessment organizations recognizing our ESG approach and performance is listed on
inside back cover. SELECT HIGHLIGHTS OF ESG INTEGRATION AND IMPACT: ESG INTEGRATION ACROSS AT&T
OPERATIONS Focus on material ESG issues (pages 32, 34) •  In 2021, we
conducted our 6 th stakeholder assessment to identify and prioritize our most material ESG issues and how we should focus our resources, goals and reporting. •  We integrate our most material ESG issues into corporate enterprise risk
assessment activities. Political engagement transparency (page 35) •  In 2021, our
leadership in political engagement transparency was again recognized via independent third-party analysis. ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT Net zero emissions by 2035 (page 36) •  Through FY2020,
we progressed more than halfway toward our science-based target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions 63% by 2030 (2015 base year). •  In 2022 we announced 2 solar energy deals, increasing our commitments to
more than 1.7 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity – helping make AT&T the 7th largest corporate renewable energy user in the U.S., according to the EPA. Supplier and customer emissions reductions (pages 35-36) •  Through FY2021,
we reached 94% of our science-based target to ensure half our spend is with suppliers that have, or have committed to, set their own science-based targets by 2024. •  In 2021, we launched the AT&T Gigaton Goal to equip business customers
with connectivity solutions that cumulatively save a gigaton of GHG emissions by 2035. SOCIAL IMPACT $2B commitment to address the digital divide (page 37) •  In 2021, we
introduced AT&T Connected Learning SM and have set a 2025 goal to reach 1 million people in need through the program. •  Through the end of 2022, we will launch more than 20 AT&T Connected
Learning Centers (SM) in traditionally underserved neighborhoods facing barriers to connectivity. A diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce (page 36) •  In 2021, more
than 55% of open positions and 53% of promotions were filled by diverse candidates. •  We enhanced the transparency of our workforce diversity by publicly
releasing AT&T and WarnerMedia Federal EEO-1 data. AT&T INC. SUM 4 2022 PROXY Table of Contents Proxy Statement GENERAL This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the
Board of Directors of AT&T Inc. ( AT&T , the Company , or we ) for use at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of AT&T. The meeting will be conducted virtually over the Internet at 3:00 p.m. Central time on Thursday,
May 19, 2022. The purpose of the meeting is set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. This Proxy Statement
and form of proxy are being sent or made available beginning March 22, 2022, to stockholders who were record holders of AT&T’s common stock, $1.00 par value per share, at the close of business on March 21, 2022. These materials
are also available at www.envisionreports.com/att. Each share entitles the registered holder to one vote. As of March 21, 2022, there were 7,163,031,266 shares of AT&T common stock entitled to vote at the meeting. To constitute a quorum to conduct business at the meeting, stockholders representing at least 40% of the shares of common stock
entitled to vote at the meeting must be present or represented by proxy. Each share of AT&T common stock represented at the
Annual Meeting is entitled to one vote on each matter properly brought before the meeting. All matters, except as provided below, are determined by a majority of the votes cast, unless a greater number is required by law or our Certificate of
Incorporation for the action proposed. A majority of votes cast means the number of votes cast “for” a matter exceeds the number of votes cast “against” such matter. If the proxy is submitted and no voting instructions are provided, the person or persons designated on the card will vote the shares
for the election of the Board of Directors’ nominees and in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors on the other subjects listed on the proxy card and at their discretion on any other matter that may properly come before
the meeting. The Board of Directors is not aware of any matters that will be presented at the meeting for action on the part of
stockholders other than those described in this Proxy Statement. Election of Directors In the election of Directors, each Director is elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that
Director’s election. Under our Bylaws, if a nominee for Director is not elected and the nominee is an existing Director standing for re-election (or incumbent Director), the Director must promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board,
subject to the Board’s acceptance. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act
on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee’s recommendation, and publicly disclose (by a press release, a filing with the SEC, or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its
decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind the decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee in making its recommendation and the
Board of Directors in making its decision may each consider any factors or other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. Any Director who tenders his or her resignation as described above will not participate in the recommendation
of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee or the decision of the Board of Directors with respect to his or her resignation. If the number of persons nominated for election as Directors as of ten days before the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at such meeting shall exceed the number of Directors to be elected, then the Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Because no persons other than the incumbent Directors have been nominated for
election at the 2022 Annual Meeting, the majority vote provisions will apply. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The advisory vote on executive compensation is non-binding, and the preference of the
stockholders will be determined by the choice receiving the greatest number of votes. All Other Matters to be Voted Upon All other matters at the 2022 Annual Meeting will be determined by a majority of the votes cast. Abstentions Except as noted above, shares
represented by proxies marked “abstain” with respect to the proposals described on the proxy card and by proxies marked to deny discretionary authority on other matters will not be counted in determining the vote obtained on such matters. 2022 PROXY 1 AT&T INC. Table of Contents GENERAL Broker Non-Votes Under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), on certain routine matters, brokers may, at their discretion, vote
shares they hold in “street name” on behalf of beneficial owners who have not returned voting instructions to the brokers. On all other matters, brokers are prohibited from voting uninstructed shares. In instances where brokers are
prohibited from exercising discretionary authority (so-called broker non-votes ), the shares they hold are not included in the vote totals. At the 2022 Annual Meeting, brokers will be prohibited from exercising discretionary authority with respect to each of the matters
submitted other than the ratification of the auditors. As a result, for each of the matters upon which the brokers are prohibited from voting, the broker non-votes will have no effect on the results. VOTING Stockholders of Record Stockholders whose shares are registered in their name on the Company records (also known as “stockholders of record”) will
receive either a proxy card by which they may indicate their voting instructions or a notice on how they may obtain a proxy. Instead of submitting a signed proxy card, stockholders may submit their proxies by telephone or through the Internet.
Telephone and Internet proxies must be used in conjunction with, and will be subject to, the information and terms contained on the form of proxy. Similar procedures may also be available to stockholders who hold their shares through a broker,
nominee, fiduciary or other custodian. All shares represented by proxies will be voted by one or more of the persons designated
on the form of proxy in accordance with the stockholders’ directions. If the proxy card is signed and returned or the proxy is submitted by telephone or through the Internet without specific directions with respect to the matters to be acted
upon, it will be treated as an instruction to vote such shares in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors. Any stockholder giving a proxy may revoke it at any time before the proxy is voted at the meeting by giving written
notice of revocation to the Secretary of AT&T, by submitting a later-dated proxy, or by virtually attending the meeting and voting electronically. The Chairman of the Board will announce the closing of the polls during the Annual Meeting.
Proxies must be received before the closing of the polls in order to be counted. Shares Held Through a Broker, Nominee, Fiduciary, or
Other Custodian Where the stockholder is not the record holder (“Beneficial Stockholder”), such as where the
shares are held through a broker, nominee, fiduciary or other custodian, the stockholder must provide voting instructions to the record holder of the shares in accordance with the record holder’s requirements in order to ensure the shares are properly
voted. Beneficial Stockholders that attend the virtual meeting will be able to vote, change a prior vote, or ask questions. Shares Held on
Your Behalf under Company Benefit Plans or under The DirectSERVICE Investment Program The proxy card, or a proxy
submitted by telephone or through the Internet, will also serve as voting instructions to the plan administrator or trustee for any shares held on behalf of a participant under any of the following employee benefit plans: the AT&T Retirement
Savings Plan; the AT&T Savings and Security Plan; the AT&T Puerto Rico Retirement Savings Plan; and the BellSouth Savings and Security Plan. Subject to the trustee’s fiduciary obligations, shares in each of the above employee benefit
plans for which instructions are not received will not be voted. To allow sufficient time for voting by the trustees and/or administrators of the plans, your voting instructions must be received by May 16, 2022. In addition, the proxy card or a proxy submitted by telephone or through the Internet will constitute voting instructions to the plan
administrator under The DirectSERVICE Investment Program sponsored and administered by Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (AT&T’s transfer agent) for shares held on behalf of plan participants. If a stockholder participates in the plans listed above and/or maintains stockholder accounts under more than one name (including
minor differences in registration, such as with or without a middle initial), the stockholder may receive more than one set of proxy materials. To ensure that all shares are voted, please submit proxies for all of the shares you own. AT&T INC. 2 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS ITEM NO. 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Under our Bylaws, the Board of Directors has the authority to determine the size of the Board and to fill
vacancies. Currently, the Board is comprised of 13 Directors, one of whom is an Executive Officer of AT&T. There are no vacancies on the Board. Under AT&T’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Director will not be nominated by the Board
for re-election if the Director would be 72 or older at the time of the election. The
Board of Directors has nominated the 13 persons listed below for election as Directors to one-year terms of office that would expire at the 2023 Annual Meeting. Each of the nominees is an incumbent Director of
AT&T recommended for re-election by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. In making these nominations, the Board reviewed the background of the nominees (each nominee’s biography can be
found beginning on the next page) and determined to nominate each of the current Directors for re-election. The Board believes that each nominee has valuable individual skills, attributes, and
experiences that, taken together, provide us with the variety and depth of knowledge, judgment and vision necessary to provide effective oversight of a large and varied enterprise like AT&T. As indicated in the following biographies and under
“Summary of Board Nominee Skills, Attributes and Experience” on page 4, the nominees have exhibited significant leadership skills and extensive experience in a variety of fields, each of which the Board believes provides valuable knowledge
about important elements of AT&T’s business. If one or more of the nominees should at the time of the meeting be
unavailable or unable to serve as a Director, the shares represented by the proxies will be voted to elect the remaining nominees and any substitute nominee or nominees designated by the Board. Other than in connection with the
WarnerMedia/Discovery transaction, the Board knows of no reason why any of the nominees would be unavailable or unable to serve. The Board recommends you vote “FOR” each of the following candidates Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. 71 2015 Retired Global CEO, PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited SCOTT T. FORD 59 2012 Member and CEO, Westrock Group, LLC GLENN H. HUTCHINS 66 2014 Chairman, North Island and North Island Ventures and Co-Founder, Silver Lake WILLIAM E. KENNARD 65 2014 Former United States Ambassador to the
European Union and former Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission DEBRA L. LEE 67 2019 Chair, Leading Women Defined Foundation STEPHEN J. LUCZO 65 2019 Managing Partner, Crosspoint Capital Partners, L.P. MICHAEL B. MCCALLISTER 69 2013 Retired Chairman of the Board and CEO, Humana Inc. BETH E. MOONEY 67 2013 Retired Chairman and CEO, KeyCorp MATTHEW K. ROSE 62 2010 Retired Chairman and CEO, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC JOHN T. STANKEY 59 2020 CEO and President, AT&T Inc. CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR 60 2013 President and CEO, Oil States International, Inc. LUIS A. UBIÑAS 59 2021 Former President, Ford Foundation GEOFFREY Y. YANG 63 2016 Founding Partner and Managing
Director, Redpoint Ventures All Director nominees are independent, except for Mr. Stankey. 2022 PROXY 3 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS SUMMARY OF BOARD NOMINEE SKILLS, ATTRIBUTES AND EXPERIENCE The table below summarizes the key skills, attributes and experiences of each of our director nominees that are most relevant to their
board service. The fact that a specific area of focus or experience is not designated does not mean the director nominee does not possess that attribute or expertise. Rather, the attributes or experiences noted below are those reviewed by the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board in making nomination decisions and as part of the Board succession planning process. AT&T INC. 4 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — WILLIAM E. KENNARD Age: 65 Director since 2014 Independent Chairman of the Board Former United States Ambassador to the European Union and former Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission Mr. Kennard is Chairman of the Board of Directors of AT&T Inc. and has served in this capacity since January
2021. Mr. Kennard served as the United States Ambassador to the European Union from 2009 to 2013. From 2001 to 2009, Mr. Kennard was Managing Director of The Carlyle Group (a global asset management firm) where he led investments in the
telecommunications and media sectors. Mr. Kennard served as Chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission from 1997 to 2001. Before his appointment as FCC Chairman, he served as the FCC’s General Counsel from 1993 until 1997.
Mr. Kennard joined the FCC from the law firm of Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and Hand (now DLA Piper) where he was a partner and member of the firm’s board of directors. Mr. Kennard is a co-founder of Astra Capital Management (a private equity firm) and has served on the board of trustees of Yale University since 2014. Mr. Kennard received his B.A. in communications from Stanford
University and earned his law degree from Yale Law School. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Kennard brings expertise in the global telecommunications and media industries including knowledge of the complex regulatory
and policy landscape for communications, consumer perspective, and an understanding of the technological and strategic shifts in the industries. He also has experience in international trade and global investment. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Global Perspective Government/ Regulatory Telecom Media & Entertainment Other Public Company Directorships •  Ford Motor Company •  MetLife, Inc. Past Public Company Directorships •  Duke Energy Corporation (2014-2021) Committees •  Corporate Governance and Nominating •  Executive (Chair) •  Public Policy and Corporate Reputation — SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. Age: 71 Director since 2015 Retired Global Chief Executive Officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited Mr. Di Piazza served as Global Chief Executive Officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited (an
international professional services firm) from 2002 until his retirement in 2009. Mr. Di Piazza began his 36-year career with PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC, formerly Coopers & Lybrand) in 1973
and was named Partner in 1979 and Senior Partner in 2000. From 1979 to 2002, Mr. Di Piazza held various regional leadership positions with PwC. After his retirement from PwC, Mr. Di Piazza joined Citigroup where he served as Vice
Chairman of the Global Corporate and Investment Bank from 2011 until 2014. Mr. Di Piazza serves as a member of the board of trustees of the Mayo Clinic, where he previously served as Chairman of the Board from 2010 to 2021. He received his B.S.
in accounting from the University of Alabama and earned his M.S. in tax accounting from the University of Houston. He served as a director of DIRECTV from 2010 until the company was acquired by AT&T Inc. in 2015. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Di Piazza brings significant executive and business leadership through his management of a multi-cultural, complex professional
services organization serving clients around the world. He has significant global accounting, cyber and financial experience, and extensive knowledge of the entertainment business, including from his prior service as a director of DIRECTV, a digital
entertainment services company. He also has experience with sustainability and social responsibility as a former director on the UN Global Compact Board and former Chairman of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Human Capital Management Government/ Regulatory Media & Entertainment Global Perspective Strategic Planning/M&A Other Public Company Directorships •  Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated •  ProAssurance Corporation •  Regions Financial Corporation Committees •  Audit (Chair) •  Executive •  Public Policy and Corporate Reputation 2022 PROXY 5 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — SCOTT T. FORD Age: 59 Director since 2012 Member and Chief Executive Officer of Westrock Group, LLC Mr. Ford founded Westrock Group, LLC (a private investment firm in Little Rock, Arkansas) in 2013, where he has
served as Member and Chief Executive Officer since its inception. Westrock Group operates Westrock Coffee Company, LLC (a fully integrated coffee company), which Mr. Ford founded in 2009 and where he has served as Chief Executive Officer since
2009. Westrock Group also operates Westrock Asset Management, LLC (a global alternative investment firm), which Mr. Ford founded in 2014 and where he has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer since 2014. Mr. Ford
previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Alltel Corporation (a provider of wireless voice and data communications services) from 2002 to 2009 and served as an executive member of Alltel Corporation’s board of directors from
1996 to 2009. He also served as Alltel Corporation’s President and Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 2002. Mr. Ford led Alltel through several major business transformations, culminating with the sale of the company to Verizon Wireless
in 2009. Mr. Ford received his B.S. in finance from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Ford brings extensive experience in the telecommunications industry through his leadership of a large, publicly traded wireless
and wireline communications company. He has experience managing complex business operations in various regulatory environments internationally and has led several major business transformations, including the spin-off of Windstream and Alltel. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Consumer Focus Global Perspective Telecom Government/ Regulatory Human Capital Management Past Public Company Directorships •  Bear State Financial, Inc. (2011-2018) Committees •  Corporate Development and Finance (Chair) •  Executive •  Human Resources — GLENN H. HUTCHINS Age: 66 Director since 2014 Chairman, North Island and North Island Ventures and Co-Founder of Silver Lake Mr. Hutchins is Chairman of North Island (a family investment office, aka Tide Mill, LLC, based in
New York, New York) and has served in this capacity since 2013. Since 2020, Mr. Hutchins has also been Chairman of North Island Ventures (an investment firm in New York, New York). He has been co-owner of Ordinal Ventures, LLC and of
Ordinal Holdings ManageCo, LP (investment advisory firms in New York, New York) since 2017. He is a co-founder of Silver Lake (a technology investment firm based in New York, New York and Menlo Park, California), which was founded in 1999 and
where Mr. Hutchins served as co-CEO until 2011 and as Managing Director from 1999 until 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Hutchins was Senior Managing Director at The Blackstone Group (a global investment firm) from 1994 to 1999. Mr. Hutchins
served as Chairman of the Board of SunGard Data Systems Inc. (a software and technology services company) from 2005 until 2015. Previously, Mr. Hutchins served as a Special Advisor in the White House on economic and health-care policy from 1993
to 1994 and as Senior Advisor on the transition of the Administration from 1992 to 1993. He is co-Chairman of the Brookings Institution. Mr. Hutchins served as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 2011 until 2020. He holds an
A.B. from Harvard College, an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Hutchins brings extensive experience in areas that intersect technology, innovation and investment, along with financial,
public policy and strategic planning experience. As the co-founder and co-CEO of a global investment firm, he brings significant leadership, business planning and human capital management expertise. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Government/ Regulatory Human Capital Management Technology/ Innovation Past Public Company Directorships •  Nasdaq, Inc. (2005-2017) •  Virtu Financial, Inc. (2017-2021) Committees •  Corporate Development and Finance •  Executive •  Public Policy and Corporate Reputation (Chair) AT&T INC. 6 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — DEBRA L. LEE Age: 67 Director since 2019 Chair of Leading Women Defined Foundation Ms. Lee is Chair of Leading Women Defined Foundation (a nonprofit education and advocacy organization in Los
Angeles, California), which she founded in 2009. She has served in this capacity since June 2018. Ms. Lee also co-founded The Monarchs Collective (a management consulting firm in Los Angeles,
California), where she has served as a partner since 2020. Ms. Lee served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BET Networks (a global media and entertainment subsidiary of Viacom, Inc., headquartered in New York, New York) from 2006
until her retirement in 2018. Ms. Lee joined BET Networks in 1986 and served in several leadership roles, including President and Chief Executive Officer (2005-2006), President and Chief Operating Officer (1995-2005), and Executive Vice
President and General Counsel (1986-1995). Ms. Lee holds a B.A. in political science from Brown University, a master’s in public policy from Harvard University John F. Kennedy School of Government, and a J.D. from Harvard Law
School. Skills and Qualifications Ms. Lee has extensive leadership in the media and entertainment industry. She brings strong operational and transformational
experience through the development and execution of innovative strategic plans. Senior Leadership Human Capital Management Strategic Planning/M&A Consumer Focus Media & Entertainment Other Public Company Directorships •  Burberry Group plc •  Marriott International, Inc. •  The Procter & Gamble Company Past Public Company Directorships •  Twitter, Inc. (2016-2019) •  WGL Holdings, Inc. (2000-2018) Committees •  Corporate Governance and Nominating •  Public Policy and Corporate Reputation — STEPHEN J. LUCZO Age: 65 Director since 2019 Managing Partner of Crosspoint Capital Partners, L.P. Mr. Luczo is a Managing Partner of Crosspoint Capital Partners, L.P. (a private equity investment firm focused on
the cybersecurity and privacy sectors located in Menlo Park, California) and has served in this capacity since February 2020. Mr. Luczo served as Chairman of the Board of Seagate Technology plc (a global provider of data storage technology and
solutions in Fremont, California) from 2002 until July 2020 and as a member of Seagate’s board of directors until October 2021. Mr. Luczo joined Seagate’s predecessor company in 1993 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development,
joined its board of directors in 1998, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 1998 to 2004 and from 2009 to 2017. Prior to joining Seagate, Mr. Luczo held various roles in investment banking. He holds an A.B. in economics from Stanford
University and earned an M.B.A. from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Luczo brings deep experience in technology, business development, strategic planning, and operations through his leadership at
Seagate. He has significant experience in financial matters and executing strategic cost initiatives and transactions. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Human Capital Management Global Perspective Technology/ Innovation Other Public Company Directorships •  Morgan Stanley Past Public Company Directorships •  Seagate Technology plc (2002-2021) Committees •  Audit •  Corporate Development and Finance 2022 PROXY 7 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — MICHAEL B. McCALLISTER Age: 69 Director since 2013 Retired Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Humana Inc. Mr. McCallister served as Chairman of Humana Inc. (a health care company in Louisville, Kentucky) from 2010 to 2013
and as a member of Humana’s board of directors beginning in 2000. He also served as Humana’s Chief Executive Officer from 2000 until his retirement in 2012. During Mr. McCallister’s tenure, he led Humana through significant expansion
and growth, nearly quadrupling its annual revenues between 2000 and 2012, and led the company to become a FORTUNE 100 company. Mr. McCallister received his B.S. in accounting from Louisiana Tech University and earned his M.B.A. from Pepperdine
University. Skills and Qualifications Mr. McCallister has extensive leadership experience in the oversight of a large, publicly traded company with a focus on strategic
planning and organic growth in the evolving health care sector. He also has deep experience in the development of customer-focused solutions. Senior Leadership Government/ Regulatory Strategic Planning/M&A Consumer Focus Human Capital Management Other Public Company Directorships •  Fifth Third Bancorp •  Zoetis Inc. Committees •  Audit •  Human Resources — BETH E. MOONEY Age: 67 Director since 2013 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of KeyCorp Ms. Mooney served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of KeyCorp (a bank holding company in Cleveland, Ohio) from
2011 until her retirement in May 2020. She previously served as KeyCorp’s President and Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2011. Ms. Mooney joined KeyCorp in 2006 as a Vice Chair and head of Key Community Bank. Prior to joining KeyCorp,
beginning in 2000 she served as Senior Executive Vice President at AmSouth Bancorporation (now Regions Financial Corporation), where she also became Chief Financial Officer in 2004. Ms. Mooney served as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Cleveland in 2016 and served three one-year terms representing the Fourth Federal Reserve District on the Federal Advisory Council from 2017 to 2019. She received her B.A. in history from the University of Texas at Austin and earned her M.B.A. from
Southern Methodist University. Skills and
Qualifications Ms. Mooney brings executive leadership skills through the management of a large, publicly traded and
highly-regulated company, knowledge of business strategy, and more than 30 years of experience in the customer-focused financial services industry. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Consumer Focus Government/ Regulatory Human Capital Management Other Public Company Directorships •  Accenture plc •  Ford Motor Company Past Public Company Directorships •  KeyCorp (2011-2020) Committees •  Corporate Development and Finance •  Executive •  Human Resources (Chair) AT&T INC. 8 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — MATTHEW K. ROSE Age: 62 Director since 2010 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC Mr. Rose served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (a freight
rail system based in Fort Worth, Texas and a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., formerly known as Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation) from 2002 until his retirement in April 2019, having also served as BNSF’s President until 2010. Mr.
Rose began his 26-year career with BNSF (then Burlington Northern Railroad Company) in 1993. During his tenure as CEO, Mr. Rose helped guide the acquisition of BNSF by Berkshire Hathaway in 2009. Before serving as Chairman, Mr. Rose held several
leadership positions there and at its predecessors, including President and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2002, President and Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2000, and Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer from 1997 to 1999.
Mr. Rose also served as Executive Chairman of BNSF Railway Company (a subsidiary of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC) until his retirement in 2019, having served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2002 to 2013. He earned his B.S. in
marketing from the University of Missouri. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Rose has extensive experience in the executive oversight of a large, complex and highly-regulated organization with considerable
knowledge of operations management and logistics. He brings experience overseeing long-term strategic planning and a unionized workforce. Senior Leadership Human Capital Management Strategic Planning/M&A Government/ Regulatory Global Perspective Other Public Company Directorships •  Fluor Corporation Past Public Company Directorships •  BNSF Railway Company (2002-2019) •  Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (2000-2019) Committees •  Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair) •  Executive •  Human Resources — JOHN T. STANKEY Age: 59 Director since 2020 Chief Executive Officer and President of AT&T Inc. Mr. Stankey is Chief Executive Officer and President of AT&T Inc. and has served in this capacity since July 2020.
Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2019 through June 2020. From June 2018 through April 2020, Mr. Stankey also served as CEO of Warner Media, LLC. During his tenure with the Company, Mr. Stankey has held a
variety of other leadership positions, including serving as CEO-AT&T Entertainment Group (2015-2017); Chief Strategy Officer (2012-2015); President and CEO of AT&T Business Solutions (2010-2011); President and CEO of AT&T Operations,
Inc. (2008-2010); Group President-Telecom Operations (2007-2008); Chief Technology Officer (2004-2006); and Chief Information Officer (2003-2004). Mr. Stankey began his career with the Company in 1985. He holds a bachelor’s degree in finance
from Loyola Marymount University and an M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Stankey has more than 35 years of experience spanning nearly every area of AT&T’s business, which has provided him with
intimate knowledge of our Company, values and culture. He has served in a variety of roles including CEO of WarnerMedia; CEO of AT&T Entertainment Group; Chief Strategy Officer; Chief Technology Officer; CEO of AT&T Operations; and CEO of
AT&T Business Solutions. Senior Leadership Consumer Focus Strategic Planning/M&A Global Perspective Investment/ Finance Telecom Government/ Regulatory Media & Entertainment Human Capital Management Technology/ Innovation Past Public Company Directorships •  United Parcel Service, Inc. (2014-2020) 2022 PROXY 9 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR Age: 60 Director since 2013 President and Chief Executive Officer of
Oil States International, Inc. Ms. Taylor is President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Oil States International, Inc. (a diversified
solutions provider for the oil and gas industry in Houston, Texas) and has served in this capacity since 2007. She previously served as Oil States International, Inc.’s President and Chief Operating Officer from 2006 to 2007 and as its Senior
Vice President-Chief Financial Officer from 2000 to 2006. Ms. Taylor was Chief Financial Officer of L.E. Simmons & Associates, Inc. from 1999 to 2000 and Vice President-Controller of Cliffs Drilling Company from 1992 to 1999, and prior to that,
held various management positions with Ernst & Young LLP, a public accounting firm. She has been a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas since January 2020 and previously served as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank’s Houston
Branch from 2018 to 2019. She received her B.B.A. in accounting from Texas A&M University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Skills and Qualifications Ms. Taylor brings executive leadership skills in the oversight of a large, publicly traded company, vast experience in finance and
public accounting, and her experience in international business and affairs. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Global Perspective Human Capital Management Other Public Company Directorships •  Oil States International, Inc. Past Public Company Directorships •  Tidewater Inc. (2008-2017) Committees •  Audit •  Corporate Governance and Nominating — LUIS A. UBIÑAS Age: 59 Director since
June 2021 Former President of the Ford Foundation Mr. Ubiñas served as President of the Ford Foundation (an independent, global nonprofit grant-making
organization based in New York, New York) from 2008 to 2013. From 2000 to 2007, he was Senior Partner with McKinsey & Company (a global management consulting firm based in New York, New York), where he led the firm’s
west coast media practice working with companies in the technology, telecommunications, and media sectors. Mr. Ubiñas joined McKinsey & Company in 1989, holding various leadership positions prior to being named Senior
Partner. Since January 2021, Mr. Ubiñas has served as Chairman of the Statue of Liberty – Ellis Island Foundation, where he previously served as Vice Chair from 2018 until 2021 and has served as a member of its board of
directors since 2014. From 2013 to 2017, he served on the Advisory Committee on U.S. Competitiveness of the Export-Import Bank, and from 2010 to 2014, he served on the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. He holds an A.B. in
government from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Skills and Qualifications Mr. Ubiñas has extensive leadership experience and expertise across the broadband and wireless industries, government, and the
nonprofit sector, all of which align with AT&T’s priorities to serve customers, investors, and our communities. Senior Leadership Government Regulatory Technology/ Innovation Global Perspective Media & Entertainment Telecom Other Public Company Directorships •  Electronic Arts Inc. •  FirstMark Horizon Acquisition Corp. •  Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. Past Public Company Directorships •  Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (2017-2021) •  CommerceHub, Inc. (2016-2018) Committees •  Public Policy and Corporate Reputation AT&T INC. 10 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS — GEOFFREY Y. YANG Age: 63 Director since 2016 Founding Partner and Managing Director of Redpoint Ventures Mr. Yang is a founding partner and Managing Director of Redpoint Ventures (a global private equity and venture
capital firm based in Woodside, California) and has served in this capacity since 1999. He also founded Performance Health Sciences (d/b/a Apeiron Life), located in Menlo Park, California, where he has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member
of its board of directors since April 2018. Prior to founding Redpoint, Mr. Yang was a General Partner with Institutional Venture Partners (a private equity investment firm in Menlo Park, California), which he joined in 1987. Mr. Yang
has over 35 years of experience in the venture capital industry and has helped found or served on the boards of a variety of consumer media, internet, and infrastructure companies. He holds a B.S.E. in engineering from Princeton University and an
M.B.A. from Stanford University. Skills and
Qualifications Mr. Yang has extensive experience in technology and innovative forms of digital media and advertising. He
has helped to found, invest in, and provide strategic guidance to communications infrastructure and consumer media and entertainment companies internationally. Senior Leadership Investment/ Finance Strategic Planning/M&A Global Perspective Media & Entertainment Technology/ Innovation Other Public Company Directorships •  Franklin Resources, Inc. •  Liberty Media Acquisition Corporation Committees •  Corporate Development and Finance •  Human Resources 2022 PROXY 11 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS ITEM NO. 2 - RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS INDEPENDENT AUDITORS This proposal would ratify the Audit Committee’s appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP (EY) to serve as independent auditors of AT&T for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee’s decision to re-appoint our independent auditor was based on the following considerations: • quality and performance of the lead audit partner and the overall engagement team, • knowledge of the telecommunications, media and entertainment, and technology industries and Company operations, • global capabilities and technical expertise, • auditor independence and objectivity, and • the potential impact of rotating to another independent audit firm. The Audit Committee’s oversight of EY includes regular private sessions with EY, discussions about audit scope and business
imperatives, and—as described above—a comprehensive annual evaluation to determine whether to re-engage EY. Considerations concerning auditor independence include: • Limits on non-audit services: The Audit Committee preapproves audit and permissible non-audit services provided
by EY in accordance with AT&T’s pre-approval policy. • Audit partner rotation: EY rotates the lead audit partner and other partners on the engagement consistent with
independence requirements. The Audit Committee oversees the selection of each new lead audit partner. • EY’s internal independence process: EY conducts periodic internal reviews of its audit and other work and
assesses the adequacy of partners and other personnel working on the Company’s account. • Strong regulatory framework: EY, as an independent registered public accounting firm, is subject to PCAOB
inspections, “Big 4” peer reviews and PCAOB and SEC oversight. Based on these considerations, the
Audit Committee believes that the selection of Ernst & Young LLP is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. Therefore, the Audit Committee recommends that stockholders ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP.
If stockholders do not ratify the appointment, the Committee will reconsider its decision. One or more members of Ernst & Young LLP are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will be able to make a statement if they so desire,
and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal AT&T INC. 12 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS ITEM NO. 3
- ADVISORY APPROVAL OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION This proposal would approve the compensation of Executive Officers as disclosed in the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the accompanying narrative disclosures (see pages 41 through 88). These sections describe our executive compensation program. The Human Resources Committee is responsible for executive compensation and works to structure a balanced program that addresses the
dynamic, global marketplace in which AT&T competes for talent. The compensation structure includes pay-for-performance and equity-based incentive programs and seeks to reward executives for attaining performance goals. AT&T submits this proposal to stockholders on an annual basis. While this is a non-binding, advisory vote, the Committee intends
to take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation arrangements. AT&T is providing this vote as required pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act. GUIDING PAY PRINCIPLES Alignment
with Stockholders Utilize compensation elements and set performance targets that closely align executives’
interests with those of stockholders. For example, approximately 64% of annual target pay for active NEOs is tied to stock price performance. In addition, we have executive stock ownership guidelines and stock holding requirements, as described on
page 73. Each NEO is in compliance with AT&T’s common stock ownership guidelines. Competitive and Market Based Evaluate all components of our compensation and benefits program compared to appropriate peer company practices to ensure we are able
to attract and retain world-class talent with the leadership abilities and experience necessary to develop and execute business strategies, obtain superior results, and build long-term stockholder value in an organization as large and complex as
AT&T. Pay for Performance Tie a significant portion of compensation to stock price and/or the achievement of predetermined goals and recognize individual
accomplishments that contribute to our success. For example, in 2021, 89% of the CEO’s target compensation (and an average, 88% for other active NEOs) was at risk and tied to short- and long-term performance incentives, including stock price
performance. Balanced Short- and Long-Term Focus Ensure that the compensation program provides an appropriate balance between the achievement of short- and long-term performance
objectives, with a clear emphasis on managing the sustainability of the business and mitigating risk. Principled Program Structure our program so that it aligns with both corporate governance best practices and our strategic objectives, while remaining
easy to explain and communicate. The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal 2022 PROXY 13 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Certain
stockholders, as noted below, have advised the Company that they intend to introduce at the 2022 Annual Meeting the proposals set forth below. The addresses of, and the number of shares owned by, each such stockholder will be provided upon request
to the Secretary of AT&T at 208 S. Akard Street, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas 75202. ITEM NO. 4 - Stockholder Proposal - Improve Executive Compensation Program Jing Zhao proposes the following: Stockholder Proposal to Improve Executive Compensation Program Resolved: shareholders recommend that AT&T Inc. improve executive compensation program, such as to
include the executive pay ratios factor and voices from employees. Supporting Statement According to AT&T 2021 Proxy Statement, the total compensation of the median employee is
$89,399, the total compensation of the CEO is $20,320,917, and the pay ratio is 227:1 (p.76). Furthermore, the total compensation of the executive Chairman is $29,154,628 (p.60) making the pay ratio 326:1; the total compensation of the
CEO-WarnerMedia is $52,172,599 (p.60) making the pay ratio 584:1. There is no rational methodology of the executive compensation program to make the Chairman and a subordinate executive’s compensation higher than the CEO’s. The executive compensation and pay ratios of big Japanese and European companies are much less than
one tenth of big American companies. America’s ballooning executive compensation is neither responsible for the society nor sustainable for the economy. There is no rational methodology to decide the executive compensation, particularly when
there is no employee representation on boards. There is a new trend pushing for employee
representation on boards, a quite common practice in Europe. “Appointing workers’ representatives to company boards may be an idea whose time has come,” says Harvard Business Review, and a study found that employee representation on
boards generated a 25% spike in productivity and increased wages. 1 Under the latest revised UK Corporate Governance Code and amended corporate regulations, boards must engage
with employees and the wider workforce to enhance the employee voices in the boardroom. 2 It is time for American executives as citizens to take the social responsibility on their own
initiative rather than to be forced by the public. The board has the flexibility to reform the Human Resource Committee to improve the executive compensation program, such as to include the executive pay ratios factor and voices from employees. 1 https://www.govenda.com/blog/employee-representation-on-boards/ 2 https://www.pinsentmasons.com/out-law/analysis/corporate-governance-employee-voice-workplace-reporting BOARD RESPONSE: The Board’s Human Resources Committee regularly reviews executive pay at AT&T based on input from Company stockholders,
industry experts and our employees. The Committee incorporates this feedback to ensure that AT&T encourages our leaders to produce outstanding financial and operational results, creates sustainable long-term value for our stockholders,
attracts and retains the highest levels of talent, and consistently pays for performance. The Committee reviews a range of data inputs in its process, including external market data, internal performance and results, and Company pay ratio
information. The Board then makes a pay ratio summary publicly available in the annual proxy statement. In 2021, our senior
management team and members of the Board, including the Human Resources Committee Chair, met with investors to discuss the executive compensation program and potential program changes. These meetings built on prior engagement with investors and
continued our historical practice of stockholder outreach. AT&T INC. 14 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Key updates
to our executive compensation program incorporate feedback from our investors, including changing the design of the Company’s short-term and long-term incentive programs to incorporate new financial metrics, rebalancing metric weightings, and
redesigning the payout table for performance shares. For additional detail regarding updates to our executive compensation program, see pages 45-46 of this proxy statement. In addition, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee regularly reviews the composition of the AT&T Board with
attention to the skills, experience, diverse perspective, and contributions brought by each Director and the Board as a whole. The Board considers feedback from stockholders to understand their expectations for AT&T, and investor input is an
important factor in shaping priorities for identifying future Directors for our Board. Through existing processes, investors may nominate Directors to our Board, the criteria for which is made publicly available in our proxy statement, and our Board
has adopted best-practice proxy access to provide our stockholders the ability to nominate director candidates for inclusion in the Company’s proxy statement. For all of these reasons, the Board unanimously recommends you vote AGAINST this proposal. ITEM NO. 5 - Stockholder Proposal - Independent Board Chairman Kenneth Steiner proposes the following: Proposal 5 – Independent Board Chairman The shareholders request that the Board of Directors adopt a
policy, and amend the governing documents as necessary in order that 2 separate people hold the office of the Chairman and the office of the CEO as follows: Selection of the Chairman of the Board The Board requires the separation of the offices of the
Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. Whenever possible, the Chairman of the
Board shall be an Independent Director. The Board has the discretion to select a temporary
Chairman of the Board who is not an Independent Director to serve while the Board is seeking an Independent Chairman of the Board. The Chairman shall not be a former CEO of the company. This policy is not intended to violate any employment contract but recognizes that the Board has broad
power to renegotiate an employment contract. This proposal topic won 52% support at Boeing and
54% support at Baxter International in 2020. Boeing then adopted this proposal topic in 2020. The roles of Chairman and CEO are fundamentally different and should be held by 2 directors, a CEO and a Chairman who is completely independent of the CEO
and our company. This proposal topic won 40% support from AT&T shareholders in 2020. This 40%
support may have represented 51% support from the shares that have access to independent proxy voting advice and are not forced to rely on the biased resistance of management. With the current policy of allowing a CEO to serve as Chair this means giving up a substantial check
and balance safeguard that can only occur with an independent Board Chairman. A lead director is
no substitute for an independent board chairman. A lead director cannot call a special shareholder meeting and cannot even call a special meeting of the board. A lead director can delegate most of the lead director duties to the CEO office and then
simply rubber-stamp it. There is no way shareholders can be sure of what goes on. The lack of an
enduring policy for an independent Board Chairman policy is an unfortunate way to discourage promising new outside ideas and an unfortunate way to encourage the CEO to pursue pet projects that would not stand up to effective oversight. It is important to have an enduring independent board chairman policy given the
flat record of our stock during the past 2 decades which way underperformed the bull market. Our stock was $50 in 2001. AT&T shareholders would have been far better off investing in an index fund. Plus a majority of shares rejected management
pay with 1.8 Billion negative votes. 2022 PROXY 15 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Directors Scott Ford, Michael McCallister, Beth Mooney and Geoffrey Yang each
received more than 600 million negative votes. And Matthew Rose, chair of the management pay committee, received more than 900 million negative votes. Please vote yes: Independent Board Chairman—Proposal 5 BOARD RESPONSE: The AT&T Board is committed to continued independent Board leadership, which the Board currently has determined should take the
form of an Independent Chair role. In November 2020, AT&T appointed independent Director Bill Kennard as Chairman, and the Board recommends in this proxy that Mr. Kennard be re-elected. While the Board’s current practice is to
elect an Independent Chair, its directors have a fiduciary duty to regularly evaluate and determine the most appropriate Board leadership structure for AT&T and our stockholders, considering the Company’s needs, circumstances, and
opportunities. The Board believes continued flexibility is in the best interest of the Company and opposes a policy that
would unnecessarily restrict the ability of future directors to consider new or different circumstances in structuring AT&T independent Board leadership. Should the best interests of stockholders warrant the appointment of a Chair who is not
independent, the Board believes that it must be allowed to take that action in alignment with its fiduciary duty. In that case, the Board’s independent Directors would simultaneously appoint an independent Lead Director who would, among other
responsibilities, preside over regular executive sessions of the non-management Directors, approve the agenda of each Board meeting, preside at Board meetings at which the Chair is not present, and act as the principal liaison between management and
non-management Directors. ( See page four of the AT&T Corporate Governance Guidelines at https://investors.att.com.) Either way, the Board maintains strong, independent oversight on behalf of stockholders, consistently ensuring that each
Board committee is led by and composed entirely of independent Directors, and AT&T utilizes robust corporate governance practices, as described in more detail beginning on page 21 of this proxy. For all of these reasons, the Board unanimously recommends you vote AGAINST this proposal. ITEM NO. 6 - Stockholder Proposal – Political Congruency Report As You Sow (on behalf of Myra K Young Roth IRA) proposes the following: Whereas : AT&T INC. sponsors a federal employee political action
committee (PAC) and numerous state PACs whose “decisions are based on AT&T’s public policy positions and the best interests of the business and our
employees.” 1 AT&T states: “Officers, executives or committee members making contribution decisions are
mindful of our Core Values and make recommendations and decisions without regard for personal political preferences . . . As AT&T assesses public policy that impacts business objectives, it also is mindful of diverse and complex societal issues
that can affect us to varying degrees.” 2 The societal issues identified include environmental sustainability; diversity, equity and inclusion; social justice; and
economic empowerment of women. However, AT&T’s politically focused expenditures appear
to be misaligned with its public statements on Company values, views, and operational practices. As examples, AT&T states it: Has a “history of commitment to gender equality,” 3 yet Proponent estimates that in the 2016-2018 election cycles, AT&T and its employee PACs made political donations totaling at least $16.4 million to politicians and
political organizations working to weaken women’s access to reproductive health care. Is committed to achieving carbon neutrality, yet is a member of the U.S. Chamber
of Commerce which has consistently lobbied to roll back climate regulations and slow the transition toward a low carbon energy mix. AT&T INC. 16 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Is committed to “stand for equality as one of our core values” including
dedicating resources to “overcoming systemic barriers and ensuring civil rights for all people.” 4 Yet, between June 1, 2020 and March 25, 2021, AT&T or
its PACs contributed at least $228,300 to state lawmakers who introduced or sponsored legislation restricting public protests. 5 Believes “the right to vote is sacred and we support voting laws that make it easier for more
Americans to vote in free, fair and secure elections,” 6 yet, in June 2021, AT&T or its PACs contributed $132,500 to Texas state lawmakers who had supported bills that
raise voter suppression concerns. 7 Resolved: Shareholders request that AT&T publish a report, at reasonable expense, analyzing
the congruence of the Company’s political and electioneering expenditures during the preceding year against publicly stated company values and policies, listing and explaining any instances of incongruent expenditures, and stating whether the
Company has made, or plans to make, changes in contributions or communications to candidates as a result of identified incongruencies. Supporting Statement: Proponents recommend, at Board and management discretion, that the report
also include management’s analysis of risks to the Company brand, reputation, or shareholder value associated with expenditures in conflict with its publicly stated company values. “Expenditures for electioneering communications”
means spending, from corporate treasury and from the PACs, directly or through a third party, at any time during the year, on printed, internet, or broadcast communications, which are reasonably susceptible to interpretation as being in support of
or opposition to a specific candidate. 1 https://about.att.com/csr/home/governance/political-engagement.html 2 https://about.att.com/csr/home/governance/political-engagement.html 3 https://about.att.com/newsroom/2021/womens_history_month.html 4 https://about.att.com/pages/racial_equality 5 Greenpeace USA, “Dollars vs. Democracy,” May, 2021, page 13. 6 https://deadline.com/2021/04/viacomcbs-georgia-voting-bill-comcast-1234726035/ 7 https://www.accountable.us/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/2021-07-16-ATT-2021-Anti-Democracy-Contributions-V2.pdf BOARD RESPONSE: On our political disclosure and accountability, AT&T has earned the highest possible score—100%—from the 2021
CPA-Zicklin Index. AT&T operates in highly regulated markets, and we believe it is in the stockholders’ best
interests that we continue to be engaged in the political process to educate policymakers about issues that affect our core business. Further, in participating in the political process, we do so with best-practice-level accountability and disclosures –
as evidenced by AT&T earning the highest possible score in the 2021 CPA-Zicklin Index. As one of the world’s largest
telecommunications companies, laws at the federal, state and local levels have a significant impact on our employees, communities, customers and stockholders. We participate in the political process in a bipartisan manner to support policies that
sustain and grow our business and create stockholder value. AT&T has a core set of critical business issues that drive political contributions and employee PAC contributions. Those core issues affect our ability to hire, pay good wages, provide
world-class benefits, serve our customers, make capital investments, innovate to foster economic growth, and return stockholder value. We believe our core business objectives and political giving align with our values. When AT&T decides to weigh in on specific
legislation, we take positions that are consistent with the Company’s already-stated values and business priorities. For example, two-thirds of PAC contribution recipients supported the Dream Act, the Equality Act, and the Paris climate change
accords, consistent with AT&T’s values regarding safeguarding human rights and protecting our environment. Further, we have rigorous oversight practices and policies in place for our participation in the political process, along with robust
reporting and disclosures on our website. In the normal course of our political engagement, it is possible that the Company will
support some officials and some pieces of legislation because they broadly and importantly contribute to our core businesses and values, even when we do not agree with every specific, or every stated opinion or position of each official we may
support. But, for the reasons we describe above, we believe that remaining fully engaged in the political process is in the best interests of our stockholders. 2022 PROXY 17 AT&T INC. Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Commitment to our values is displayed in many venues, including workplace policies, employee healthcare benefits, community
engagement, charitable giving, third-party support and public statements. A report assessing a company’s values commitment or congruency solely on an inherently highly subjective assessment of political contributions would be an incomplete and
distorted reflection of company values. For all of these reasons, the Board unanimously recommends you vote AGAINST this proposal. ITEM NO. 7 - Stockholder Proposal - Civil Rights and Non-Discrimination Audit National Center for Public Policy Research proposes the following: Civil Rights and Non-Discrimination Audit Proposal Resolved: Shareholders of AT&T, Inc.
(“the Company”) request that the Board of Directors commission a racial equity audit analyzing the Company’s impacts on civil rights and non-discrimination, and the impacts of those issues on the Company’s business. The audit
may, in the Board’s discretion, be conducted by an independent and unbiased third party with input from civil rights organizations, employees, communities in which the Company operates and other stakeholders, of all viewpoints and perspectives.
A report on the audit, prepared at reasonable cost and omitting confidential or proprietary information, should be publicly disclosed on the Company’s website. Supporting Statement: Tremendous public
attention has focused recently on workplace practices and employee training. All agree that employee success should be fostered and that no employees should face discrimination, but there is much disagreement about what non-discrimination means. Concern stretches across the ideological spectrum.
Some have pressured companies to adopt “anti-racism” programs that seek to establish “racial equity,” which appears to mean the distribution of pay and authority on the basis of race, sex, orientation and ethnic categories rather
than by merit. 1 Where adopted, however, such programs raise significant objection, including concern that the “anti-racist” programs are themselves deeply racist and
otherwise discriminatory. 2 Many companies have been found to be sponsoring and promoting overtly and implicitly discriminatory employee-training programs,
including Bank of America, American Express, Verizon, Pfizer and CVS. 3 This concern, disagreement and controversy creates massive reputational, legal and financial risk. If the Company is, in the name of
racial equity, diversity and inclusion, committing illegal discrimination against employees deemed “non-diverse,” then the Company will suffer in myriad ways – all of them both unforgivable and avoidable. In developing the audit and report, the Company
should consult civil rights groups – but it must not compound error with bias by relying only on left leaning civil rights groups. Rather, it must consult groups all across the spectrum of viewpoints. This includes right leaning civil rights
groups representing people of color, such as the Woodson Institute 4 and Project 21 5 . It must also
include groups that defend the civil rights and liberties of all Americans, not merely the ones that many companies label “diverse.” All Americans have civil rights; to behave otherwise is to invite disaster. Similarly, when including employees in its audit,
the Company must allow employees to speak freely without fear of reprisal or disfavor, and in confidential ways. Too often employers like those mentioned above have initiated discriminatory programming that itself chills contributions from employees
who disagree with the premises of the programming, and then have pretended that the employees who have been empowered to express themselves by the programming represent the true and only voice of all employees. This by itself creates a deeply
hostile workplace for some groups of employees, and is both immoral and likely illegal. 1 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1048911/000120677421002182/fdx3894361-def14a.htm#StockholderProposals88; https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/14a-8/2021/asyousownike051421-14a-8-incoming.pdf; https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/14a-8/2021/nyscrfamazon012521-14a8-incoming.pdf; https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1666700/000119312521079533/d108785ddef14a.htm#rom108785_58 AT&T INC. 18 2022 PROXY Table of Contents VOTING ITEMS - STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 2 https:///www.americanexperiment.org/survey-says-americans-oppose-critical-race-theory/; https://www.newsweek.com/majority-americans-hold-negative-view-critical-race-theory-amid-controversy-1601337; https://www.newsweek.com/coca-cola-facing-backlash-says-less-white-learning-plan-was-about-workplace-inclusion-1570875; https://nypost.com/2021/08/11/american-express-tells-its-workers-capitalism-is-racist/; https://www.city-journal.org/verizon-critical-race-theory-training; 3 https://www.city-journal.org/bank-of-america-racial-reeducation-program;
 https://www.city-journal.org/verizon-critical-race-theory-training; https://nypost.com/2021/08/11/american-express-tells-its-workers-capitalism-is-racist/; https://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/cvs-inclusion-training-critical-race-theory; https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/pfizersets-race-based-hiring-goals-in-the-name-of-fighting-systemic-racism-gender-equity-challenges/ar-AAOiSwJ 4 https://woodson.as.virginia.edu/ 5 https://nationalcenter.org/project-21/ BOARD RESPONSE: This proposal asks that we conduct an analysis of the type that we already make on an ongoing basis. It further asks that we
issue a report on that analysis that covers programs and data on which we already make granular and comprehensive disclosures. We
believe that the proposal carries a divisive political tone and suggests that we incorporate views of specific special-interest groups into the requested report – neither of which we support or believe would be beneficial to creating a diverse
and inclusive workforce. Our philosophy of diversity, equality and inclusion, and the programs that emanate from that philosophy, encompasses all segments of society, including those who do not identify as racially diverse. As part of our constant
assessment of program effectiveness, we already audit our policies, procedures and practices to ensure the inclusivity we value is truly present, and will continue to do so based on a fully representative and diverse expertise. AT&T has a long and proud history of valuing diversity, equality, and inclusion that demonstrates our commitment to creating a
diverse and inclusive workforce. This focus is not only part of ensuring our business success, since companies with more diversity return better results, but also part of our Company values, which we live and perform every day. Briefly, our many efforts to advance diversity, equality, and inclusion include: • A board 30% diverse by race or ethnicity (including our board chair) and 23% by gender • A US workforce that is over 33% female and over 45% non-white • A Senior Executive Diversity Council • 142,000 active participants in our various Employee Groups • Programs that encompass all segments of society, not just the racially diverse • Extensive education, training, awards, and reporting programs to support our DEI goals • Use of our supply chain capabilities and community programs to advance our DEI values • Support for equal justice reforms. To promote and ensure a culture of accountability and transparency, our Senior Executive Diversity Council, which includes and
represents various employee segments, serves as a governance body that allows for checks and balances. With its input and oversight, we vet current and prospective programs, campaigns, and more, to challenge biases and surface considerations that
will improve our ways of working, work output and culture. At AT&T, we believe understanding leads to empathy and empathy
leads to equality. Understanding requires that all points of view regardless of race are welcome, so long as employees are treating each other and our customers with respect. We will continue to do the work to provide an inclusive work environment
where no employee faces discrimination. For all of these reasons, the Board unanimously recommends you vote AGAINST this proposal. 2022 PROXY 19 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AT&T is committed to strong corporate governance principles. Effective governance protects the long-term interests of our
stockholders, promotes public trust in AT&T, and strengthens management accountability. AT&T regularly reviews and updates its corporate governance practices to reflect evolving corporate governance principles and concerns identified by
stockholders and other stakeholders. The Role of the Board The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of management and strategic
direction and for establishing broad corporate policies. In addition, the Board of Directors and various committees of the Board regularly meet to review and discuss operational and financial reports presented by the Chief Executive Officer and
other members of management as well as reports by experts and other advisors. Corporate review sessions are also offered to Directors to give them more detailed views of our businesses, such as corporate opportunities, technology, and operations. The Board oversees succession planning and talent
development for senior executive positions. The Human Resources Committee has primary responsibility for developing succession plans for the CEO position. Members of the Board are expected to attend Board meetings in person, unless the meeting is held by means of remote communication. The
Board held ten meetings in 2021. Directors are also expected to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All Directors attended the 2021 Annual Meeting. In 2021, all Directors attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and
of the Committees on which each served. Board’s Role in Risk Oversight The Board is responsible for overseeing our policies and procedures for assessing and managing risk.
Management is responsible for assessing and managing our exposures to risk on a day-to-day basis, including the creation of appropriate risk management policies and procedures. Management also is responsible for informing the Board of our most
significant risks and our plans for managing those risks. Annually, the Board reviews the Company’s strategic business plans, which includes evaluating the competitive, technological, economic, environmental and other risks associated with
these plans. In addition, under its charter, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the Company’s
significant financial, compliance, ethics, and operational risk exposures and the steps management has taken to detect, monitor and control such exposures, including the Company’s risk assessment and risk management policies. This includes,
among other matters, evaluating risk in the context of financial policies, counterparty and credit risk, and the appropriate mitigation of risk, including through the use of insurance where appropriate. The Audit Committee also oversees our
compliance program and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The internal audit organization provides the Committee with an assessment of the Company’s risks and conducts assurance reviews of the Company’s internal
controls. The finance, compliance and internal audit organizations each provide regular updates to the Audit Committee. The
Company’s senior internal auditing executive and Chief Compliance Officer each meet annually in executive session with the Audit Committee. The senior internal auditing executive and Chief Compliance Officer review with the Audit Committee each
year’s annual internal audit and compliance risk assessment, which is focused on significant financial, operating, regulatory and legal matters. The Audit Committee also receives regular reports on completed internal audits of these significant
risk areas. The Audit Committee also reviews and discusses with management the Company’s privacy and data security,
including cybersecurity, risk exposures, policies, and practices, including the steps management has taken to detect, monitor and control such risks and the potential impact of those exposures on the Company’s business, financial AT&T INC. 20 2022 PROXY Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE results, operations and reputation. In addition, the Audit Committee, as well as the Board of Directors, receive reports from officers with responsibilities for cybersecurity. The AT&T Chief Security Office establishes policy and requirements for the security of AT&T’s computing and networking environments. Ethics and Compliance Program The Board has adopted a written Code of Ethics applicable to Directors, officers, and
employees that outlines our corporate values and standards of integrity and behavior and is designed to foster a culture of integrity, drive compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and protect and promote the reputation of our Company. The
full text of the Code of Ethics is posted on our website at https://investors.att.com. Our
Chief Compliance Officer has responsibility to implement and maintain an effective ethics and compliance program. He also has responsibility to provide updates on our ethics and compliance programs to the Audit Committee. Board Leadership Structure Upon the retirement of Randall Stephenson as Executive Chairman in January 2021, the
Board elected William E. Kennard, an independent Director, to become the first independent Chairman of the Board, and the position of Lead Director was terminated. Mr. Kennard has served as a Director of AT&T since 2014. In addition,
Mr. Kennard presides over meetings of the independent members of the Board, who meet in executive session (without management Directors or management personnel present) at least four times per year. Each of the Audit, Human Resources, Corporate Governance and Nominating, Corporate Development and Finance, Public Policy Corporate
Reputation Committees, and Executive Committee are composed entirely of independent Directors. Duties and Responsibilities Chairman of the Board • Presides over meetings of the Board • Presides over meetings of stockholders • Approves the agenda for each Board meeting • Approves the agenda for each stockholder meeting Chief Executive Officer • In charge of the affairs of the Company, subject to the overall direction and supervision of the Board and its
committees • Consults and advises the Board and its committees on the business and affairs of the Company • Performs such other duties as may be assigned by the Board Director Nomination Process The Board of Directors believes that the Company benefits from having experienced
Directors who bring a wide range of skills and backgrounds to the Boardroom. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying eligible candidates based on our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which includes the
consideration of a candidate’s: • general understanding of elements relevant to the success of a large publicly traded company in the current business
environment; • understanding of our business; • educational and professional background; • judgment, competence, anticipated participation in Board activities; • experience, geographic location, and special talents or personal attributes In addition, the Committee believes that diversity is an important factor in determining the composition of the Board, and the
Committee considers it in making nominee recommendations. Stockholders who wish to suggest qualified candidates should write to
the Secretary, AT&T Inc., 208 S. Akard Street, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas 75202, stating in detail the qualifications of the persons proposed for consideration by the Committee. 2022 PROXY 21 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a substantial majority of our Board of
Directors consist of independent Directors. In addition, the NYSE Listing Standards require a majority of the Board and every member of the Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee to be
independent. For a Director to be “independent” under the NYSE standards, the Board must affirmatively determine that the Director has no material relationship with AT&T, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an
organization that has a relationship with AT&T, other than in his or her capacity as a Director of AT&T. In addition, the Director must meet certain independence standards specified by the NYSE as well as the additional standards referenced
in our Corporate Governance Guidelines (found at https://investors.att.com). Using these standards for determining the
independence of its members, the Board has determined that the following Directors are independent: Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr. Michael B. McCallister Scott T. Ford Beth E. Mooney Glenn H. Hutchins Matthew K. Rose William E. Kennard Cynthia B. Taylor Debra L. Lee Luis A. Ubiñas Stephen J. Luczo Geoffrey Y. Yang In addition, each member of the Audit Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee,
and the Human Resources Committee is independent. In determining the independence of the Directors, the Board considered the
following commercial relationships between AT&T and companies at which our Directors serve as Executive Officers or employees. Each of the entities where Mr. Ford, Ms. Taylor, and Mr. Yang serve as executive officers purchased communications services from subsidiaries of AT&T. In each case
for the year 2021: • The relevant products and services were provided by AT&T or to AT&T on terms determined on
an arm’s-length basis that were comparable to the terms provided to or by similarly situated customers or suppliers; • The transactions were made in the ordinary course of business of each company; and • The total payments to AT&T by the Director’s company (for communications services) were
each less than 1% of the consolidated gross revenues of each of AT&T and the other company. This level is significantly below the maximum amount permitted under the NYSE Listing Standards for director independence (i.e., 2% of consolidated gross
revenues). In addition, Mr. Kennard, through a private equity investment management company, invests in
certain companies that engage in commercial transactions with AT&T. Mr. Kennard is a partner in Astra Capital Management, LLC, holding a 4.4% interest. Astra Capital is the general partner of a limited partnership that has a
controlling interest in Communications Technology Services LLC (CTS), Logix Communications L.P. (Logix), and DartPoints Operating Company LLC (DartPoints) each of which has engaged in transactions with AT&T. Noting the limited ownership
interest of Mr. Kennard in Astra Capital and that he is not an employee or Executive Officer of Astra Capital, CTS, Logix or DartPoints, together with the fact that AT&T’s revenues from and spending with each of CTS, Logix and
DartPoints are not material to AT&T, the Board determined that Mr. Kennard is independent. AT&T INC. 22 2022 PROXY Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD
COMMITTEES From time to time the Board establishes standing committees and temporary special committees to assist the Board
in carrying out its responsibilities. The Board has established six standing committees of Directors, the principal responsibilities of which are described below. The charters for each of these committees may be found on our website at
https://investors.att.com. AUDIT COMMITTEE Meetings in 2021:  12 Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr., Chair ∎ Stephen J. Luczo Michael B. McCallister Cynthia B. Taylor ∎ ∎ – Financial Expert Consists of four independent Directors. •  Oversees: - the
integrity of our financial statements - the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence - the
performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors - our compliance with legal and regulatory matters - enterprise risk management, including privacy and data security •  Responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of
the work of the independent auditor. •  The independent auditor audits the financial statements of AT&T and
its subsidiaries. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Meetings in 2021:  4 Matthew K. Rose, Chair William E. Kennard Debra L. Lee Cynthia B. Taylor Consists of four independent Directors. •  Responsible for recommending candidates to be nominated by the Board for
election by the stockholders, or to be appointed by the Board of Directors to fill vacancies, consistent with the criteria approved by the Board, and recommending committee assignments. •  Periodically assesses AT&T’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and
makes recommendations to the Board for amendments and also recommends to the Board the compensation of Directors. •  Takes a leadership role in shaping corporate governance and oversees an
annual evaluation of the Board. HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE Meetings in 2021:  6 Beth E. Mooney, Chair Scott T. Ford Michael B. McCallister Matthew K. Rose Geoffrey Y. Yang Consists of five independent Directors. •  Oversees the compensation practices of AT&T, including the design and
administration of employee benefit plans. •  Responsible for: - establishing the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and the other Executive
Officers - establishing common stock ownership guidelines for officers and developing a
management succession plan 2022 PROXY 23 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE Meetings in 2021:  8 Scott T. Ford, Chair Glenn H. Hutchins Stephen J. Luczo Beth E. Mooney Geoffrey Y. Yang Consists of five independent Directors. •  Assists the Board in its oversight of our finances, including recommending
the payment of dividends and reviewing the management of our debt and investment of our cash reserves. •  Reviews mergers, acquisitions, dispositions and similar transactions;
reviews corporate strategy and recommends or approves transactions and investments. •  Reviews and makes recommendations about the capital structure of the
Company, and the evaluation, development and implementation of key technology decisions. PUBLIC POLICY AND CORPORATE REPUTATION COMMITTEE Meetings in 2021:  4 Glenn H. Hutchins, Chair Samuel
A. Di Piazza, Jr. William E. Kennard Debra L. Lee Luis
A. Ubiñas Consists of five independent
Directors. •  Assists the Board in its oversight of policies related to corporate social
responsibility, including public policy issues affecting AT&T, its stockholders, employees, customers, and the communities in which it operates. •  Oversees the Company’s management of its brands and reputation. •  Recommends to the Board the aggregate amount of contributions or
expenditures for political purposes, and the aggregate amount of charitable contributions to be made to the AT&T Foundation. •  Consults with the AT&T Foundation regarding significant grants
proposed to be made by the Foundation. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE William E. Kennard, Chair Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr. Scott T. Ford Glenn H. Hutchins Beth E. Mooney Matthew K. Rose Consists of the Chairman of the Board and the Chairpersons of our five other standing committees, each of whom is an independent
Director. •  Established to assist the Board by acting upon urgent matters when the
Board is not available to meet. No meetings were held in 2021. •  Has full power and authority of the Board to the extent permitted by law,
including the power and authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of common stock. AT&T INC. 24 2022 PROXY Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Stockholder Engagement AT&T has a long tradition of engaging with our stockholders. We believe it is
important for our governance process to have meaningful engagement with our stockholders and understand their perspectives on corporate governance, executive compensation, and other issues that are important to them. The Company meets with
institutional investors throughout the year, both in person and by teleconference. We share the feedback from this engagement with the Board and incorporate it into our policies and practices. The Company also provides online reports designed to increase
transparency on issues of importance to our investors, including sustainability, diversity, political contributions, transparency, and the Proxy Statement and Annual Report. Public Policy Engagement We participate in public policy dialogues around the world related to our industry and
business priorities, our approximately 199,329 employees, our stockholders, and the communities we serve. In the U.S., the
Company and our affiliated political action committees are committed to compliance with applicable laws and other requirements regarding contributions to: political organizations, candidates for federal, state and local public office, ballot measure
campaigns, political action committees, and trade associations. We engage with organizations and individuals to make our views clear and uphold our commitment to help support the communities in which we operate. We base our U.S. political contributions on many considerations, supporting candidates who take reasonable positions on policies that promote economic growth as well as affect our long-term business objectives. The Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee of our Board of Directors reviews our advocacy efforts, including political
contributions. Additional information about our public policy engagement efforts, including our Political Contributions Policy and a report of U.S. political contributions from our Company and from AT&T’s Employee Political Action
Committees, can be viewed on our website at https://investors.att.com. Communicating with Your Board Interested persons may contact the Board of Directors, the non-management directors, the chairman or a specific individual director by
sending written comments through the Office of the Secretary of AT&T Inc., 208 S. Akard Street, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas 75202. The Office will either forward the original materials as addressed or provide Directors with summaries of the
submissions, with the originals available for review at the Directors’ request. 2022 PROXY 25 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Annual Multi-Step Board Evaluations Each year, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Chairman of the Board lead the Board through three evaluations: a
Board self-evaluation, Committee self-evaluations, and peer evaluations. Through this process, Directors provide feedback, assess performance, and identify areas where improvement can be made. We believe this approach supports the Board’s
effectiveness and continuous improvement. ONE-ON-ONE DIRECTOR PEER EVALUATIONS Members discuss the performance of other members of the Board including their: •  Understanding of the business •  Meeting attendance •  Preparation and participation in Board activities •  Applicable skill set to current needs of the business Responses are discussed with the individual Director if applicable. ONGOING FEEDBACK •  Directors provide ongoing, real-time feedback outside of the
evaluation process •  Lines of communication between our Directors
and management are always open •  The Chairman and Committee Chair
both have individual conversations with each member of the Board – providing further opportunity for dialogue and improvement •  Follow up – Results or feedback requiring additional
consideration are addressed, where appropriate COMMITTEE SELF-EVALUATIONS Candid open discussion to review the following: •  Committee process and substance •  Committee effectiveness, structure, composition, and culture •  Overall Committee dynamics •  Committee Charter BOARD SELF-EVALUATION SURVEY The self-evaluation survey (reviewed annually by the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee) addresses key topics such as those below, among other things: •  Process and substance •  Effectiveness, structure, composition, culture, and overall Board dynamics •  Performance in key areas •  Specific issues which should be discussed in the future Responses are discussed and changes and improvements are implemented, if applicable. AT&T INC. 26 2022 PROXY Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Related Person Transactions Under the rules of the SEC, public issuers, such as AT&T, must disclose certain
“Related Person Transactions.” These are transactions in which the Company is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a Director, Executive Officer, or holder of more than 5% of our common stock has a direct or indirect
material interest. AT&T has adopted a written policy requiring that each Director or Executive Officer involved in such a
transaction notify the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and that each such transaction be approved by the Committee. In determining whether to approve a Related Person Transaction, the Committee will consider the following factors, among others, to
the extent relevant to the Related Person Transaction: • whether the terms of the Related Person Transaction are fair to the Company and on the same basis as would apply if the
transaction did not involve a related person, • whether there are business reasons for the Company to enter into the Related Person Transaction, • whether the Related Person Transaction would impair the independence of an outside director, and • whether the Related Person Transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any of our Directors or
Executive Officers, taking into account the size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the Director, Executive Officer or other related person, the direct or indirect nature of the Director’s, Executive Officer’s or other
related person’s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed relationship, and any other factors the Committee deems relevant. The Committee will prohibit a Related Party Transaction if it determines such transaction to be inconsistent with the interests of the
Company and its stockholders. The employment of the following person was approved by the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee under the Company’s Related Party Transactions Policy. The rate of pay for this employee is similar to those paid for comparable positions at the Company. During 2021, a sister-in-law of John Stankey, Chief Executive Officer and President, was employed by a subsidiary with an approximate
rate of pay, including commissions, of $138,620. During 2021, Pascal Desroches, Chief Financial Officer, relocated from New York
City to Dallas, Texas and was eligible to receive assistance under the AT&T Relocation Program – Plan A offered by the Company’s relocation agent to eligible managers. Under the plan, the relocation agent appraises the home and lists
the home for a required marketing period of 90 days. If an employee finds a buyer for his or her home during the marketing period, the relocation agent will complete the sale for the employee by taking possession of the home for later transfer to
the buyer and paying the employee the greater of the sales price or the appraisal value. The agent will also pay the employee an incentive of 2% of the sales price, not to exceed $15,000, if the sales price is at least 95% of the appraisal value
(since the agent avoids the expense of remarketing the home). Mr. Desroches found a buyer for his home during the marketing period and accepted an offer of $4.49 million, which was below, but within 95% of, the appraisal value of $4.65 million;
therefore, he received the full amount of the appraisal value and the $15,000 incentive. Because the appraisal value and sales price were less than the original $5.645 million purchase price of the home and Mr. Desroches had owned the home for
less than two years, he was entitled under the relocation plan to the full loss on sale of the home of $995,000; he was also entitled to a Company-paid tax reimbursement of $753,416.27 on the sale of the home. The agent is also responsible for
commissions and closing costs on the sale of the home. Under the relocation plan, if the employee voluntarily terminates employment prior to one year after the relocation, the employee is required to repay the relocation costs to the Company,
including tax reimbursements. This transaction was approved by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee under the Company’s Related Party Transactions Policy. See note 4 to the “Summary Compensation Table” for moving expenses
and other relocation benefits provided to Mr. Desroches in connection with his relocation. 2022 PROXY 27 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Compensation The compensation of Directors is determined by the Board with the advice of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is composed entirely of independent Directors. None of our employees serve on this Committee. The Committee’s current members are Matthew K. Rose (Chair), William E. Kennard, Debra L. Lee
and Cynthia B. Taylor. Under its charter, the Committee annually reviews the compensation and benefits provided to Directors for their service and makes recommendations to the Board for changes. This includes not only Director retainers, but also
Director compensation and benefit plans. The Committee’s charter authorizes the Committee to employ independent compensation
and other consultants to assist in fulfilling its duties. From time to time, the Committee engages a compensation consultant to advise the Committee and to provide information regarding director compensation paid by other public companies, which may
be used by the Committee to make compensation recommendations to the Board. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer may make recommendations to the Committee or the Board about types and amounts of appropriate compensation and benefits for
Directors. Directors who are employed by us or one of our subsidiaries receive no separate compensation for serving as directors or as members of Board committees. The Company offers Directors both cash and equity compensation as set out in the table below. Directors have the ability to defer
their annual retainers and earn interest or may defer their cash compensation through deferred stock units (See Director Plans). 2021 Compensation Amount ($) Annual Retainer 140,000 Chairman of the Board 300,000 Committee Chair Retainer Audit Committee 30,000 Human Resources Committee 25,000 Corporate Development and Finance Committee 20,000 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 20,000 Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee 15,000 Annual Award of Deferred Stock Units 220,000 Communications Equipment and Services up to 25,000 In January 2021, upon Mr. Stephenson’s retirement as Executive Chairman of the Board,
Mr. Kennard, an independent Director, was appointed Chairman of the Board, with an additional annual retainer of $300,000, and the position of Lead Director was terminated. Director Plans Under the Non-Employee Director Stock and Deferral Plan (the Director Plan ) each non-employee Director annually receives a grant
of $220,000 in deferred stock units. The number of units granted is determined by dividing $220,000 by the closing price of AT&T common stock on the last trading day of the month in which the grant is made. A non-employee Director who is first
elected to the Board on a day other than the day of the Annual Meeting receives a prorated grant based on the number of days served prior to the next Annual Meeting (using an assumed next Annual Meeting date one year following the last Annual
Meeting). Each deferred stock unit is equivalent to a share of AT&T common stock and earns dividend equivalents in the form of additional deferred stock units. The annual grants are fully earned and vested at issuance and are distributed
beginning in the calendar year after the Director leaves the Board. At distribution, the deferred stock units are converted to cash based on the then price of AT&T common stock and are paid either in a lump sum or in up to 15 annual
installments, as elected by the Director. Additionally, Directors may annually elect to defer the receipt of their retainers into
either additional deferred stock units or into a cash deferral account under the Director Plan. Directors purchase the deferred stock units at the fair market value of AT&T common stock. Deferrals into the cash deferral account under the plan
earn interest during the calendar year at a rate equal to the Moody’s Long-Term Corporate Bond Yield Average for September of the preceding year ( Moody’s Rate ). Directors may annually choose to convert their cash deferral accounts
into deferred stock units at the fair market value of our stock at the time of the conversion. Directors may also use all or part of their retainers to purchase AT&T common stock at fair market value under the Non-Employee Director Stock
Purchase Plan. To the extent earnings on cash deferrals under the Director Plan exceed the interest rate specified by the SEC for
disclosure purposes, they are included in the “Director Compensation” table on page 29 under the heading “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings.” Non-employee Directors may receive communications equipment and services pursuant to the AT&T Board of Directors Communications
Concession Program. Under the program, equipment and services that may be provided to a Director, other than equipment at his or her primary residence, may not exceed $25,000 per year. All concession services must be provided by AT&T affiliates,
except that the Director may use another provider for the Director’s primary residence if it is not served by an AT&T affiliate. AT&T INC. 28 2022 PROXY Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2021 DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION TABLE The following table contains information regarding compensation provided to each person who served as a
Director during 2021 (excluding Messrs. Stankey and Stephenson, whose compensation is included in the Summary Compensation Table and related tables and disclosure). Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (a) Stock Awards ($) (b) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (c) All Other Compensation ($) (d) Total ($) SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. $ 170,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 15,000 $ 405,000 RICHARD W. FISHER* $ 46,667 $ 0 $ 2,567 $ 293,879 $ 343,113 SCOTT T. FORD $ 160,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 380,000 GLENN H. HUTCHINS $ 155,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 375,000 WILLIAM E. KENNARD $ 440,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 15,000 $ 675,000 DEBRA L. LEE $ 140,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 360,000 STEPHEN J. LUCZO $ 140,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 360,000 MICHAEL B. MCCALLISTER $ 140,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 12,894 $ 372,894 BETH E. MOONEY $ 165,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 11,495 $ 396,495 MATTHEW K. ROSE $ 165,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 42,099 $ 427,099 CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR $ 140,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 5,000 $ 365,000 LUIS A. UBIÑAS** $ 81,667 $ 186,247 $ 0 $ 69,081 $ 336,995 GEOFFREY Y. YANG $ 140,000 $ 220,000 $ 0 $ 11,410 $ 371,410 * Mr. Fisher retired from the Board in April 2021. ** Mr. Ubiñas joined the Board in June 2021. NOTE (a). Fees Earned or Paid in Cash The table below shows the number of deferred stock units or
shares of common stock purchased in 2021 by each Director with their retainers. The deferred stock units were purchased under the Non-Employee Director Stock and Deferral Plan, and the shares of common stock were purchased under the Non-Employee
Director Stock Purchase Plan. Director Deferred Stock Units Purchased in 2021 SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. 6,035 SCOTT T. FORD 5,680 GLENN H. HUTCHINS 5,503 STEPHEN J. LUCZO 4,970 MATTHEW K. ROSE 5,855 Director Shares of Common Stock Purchased
in 2021 RICHARD W. FISHER 796 MICHAEL B. MCCALLISTER 2,483 GEOFFREY Y. YANG 4,968 NOTE (b). Stock Awards Amounts in this column represent the annual grant of deferred stock units
(prorated in the case of Mr. Ubiñas) that are immediately vested but are not distributed until after the retirement of the Director. The deferred stock units will be paid out in cash in the calendar year after the Director ceases his or
her service with the Board, at the times elected by the Director. The aggregate number of stock awards outstanding at December 31, 2021, for each Director can be found in the “Common Stock Ownership” section beginning on page 30. NOTE (c). Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings Amounts shown represent the excess earnings, if any, based on the actual rates used to
determine earnings on deferred compensation over the market interest rates determined pursuant to SEC rules. NOTE (d). All Other Compensation Amounts in this column include personal benefits for Directors that in the aggregate equal or exceed $10,000, which for 2021 consisted of communications equipment and services provided under the AT&T Board of Directors Communications Concession
Program (described on page 28) and miscellaneous items, as follows: Mr. Fisher ($10,385 and $3,494, respectively), Mr. McCallister ($12,886 and $8, respectively), Ms. Mooney ($11,487 and $8, respectively), Mr. Rose ($12,091
and $8, respectively), Mr. Ubiñas ($60,523 and $8, respectively) and Mr. Yang ($11,402 and $8, respectively). 2022 PROXY 29 AT&T INC. Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE NOTE (d). All Other Compensation (Cont.) All Other Compensation also includes charitable matching
contributions of up to $15,000 per year made by the AT&T Foundation on behalf of Directors under the AT&T Higher Education/Cultural Matching Gift Program. In 2021, charitable contributions were made on the Directors’ behalf under this
program as follows: Name Matching Gifts SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. $ 15,000 RICHARD W. FISHER $ 30,000* WILLIAM E. KENNARD $ 15,000 MATTHEW K. ROSE $ 30,000* CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR $ 5,000 LUIS A. UBIÑAS $ 8,550 * These amounts relate to contributions made in 2020 and 2021. In addition, a charitable contribution of $250,000 was made on behalf of Mr. Fisher to the R&M Fisher Fund, a donor advised fund controlled by
the Communities Foundation of Texas, in connection with his retirement from the Board in April 2021. COMMON STOCK
OWNERSHIP Certain Beneficial Owners The following table lists the beneficial ownership of each person holding more than 5% of AT&T’s outstanding common stock as
of December 31, 2021 (based on a review of filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedules 13D and 13G). Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class BLACKROCK, INC. 55 East 52nd St., New York, NY 10055 515,670,541 (1) 7.2% THE VANGUARD GROUP 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355 572,599,844 (2) 8.02% 1. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc. with the SEC on January 31, 2022, which reported the following:
sole voting power of 451,120,282 shares; shared voting power of 0 shares; sole dispositive power of 515,670,541 shares, and shared dispositive power of 0 shares. 2. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group with the SEC on February 9, 2022, which reported the following:
sole voting power of 0 shares; shared voting power of 11,353,391 shares; sole dispositive power of 543,188,574 shares, and shared dispositive power of 29,411,270 shares. AT&T INC. 30 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP Directors and
Officers The following table lists the beneficial ownership of AT&T common stock and non-voting stock units as of
December 31, 2021, held by each Director, nominee, and officer named in the Summary Compensation Table on page 75. As of that date, each Director and officer listed below, and all Directors and Executive Officers as a group, owned less
than 1% of our outstanding common stock. Except as noted below, the persons listed in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the securities indicated. Beneficial Owner Total AT&T Beneficial Ownership (1) Restricted Stock Units (2) Stock Options Number of Shared Voting and Investment Power Shares Non-Voting Vested Stock Units (3) SAMUEL A. DI PIAZZA, JR. 34,480 83,649 SCOTT T. FORD 81,319 105,562 GLENN H.
HUTCHINS (4) 167,651 167,651 90,446 WILLIAM E. KENNARD 0 53,944 DEBRA L. LEE 0 15,337 STEPHEN J. LUCZO 500,000 25,475 MICHAEL B. MCCALLISTER 56,091 50,364 67,052 BETH E. MOONEY 28,700 86,598 MATTHEW K. ROSE 208,050 208,050 158,913 CYNTHIA B. TAYLOR 5,718 196 70,499 LUIS A. UBIÑAS 0 8,157 GEOFFREY Y. YANG (5) 259,596 131,035 40,040 JOHN T. STANKEY 535,910 83,114 441,867 290,383 PASCAL DESROCHES 258,162 65,706 87,483 LORI LEE 219,534 30,517 81,173 DAVID R. MCATEE II 263,437 48,612 209,757 508,866 JEFFERY S. MCELFRESH 106,883 30,101 181,219 JOHN J. STEPHENS 837,995 57,866 2,373 297,627 427,739 RANDALL L. STEPHENSON 2,763,054 112,471 2,642,320 636,485 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group
(consisting of 23 persons, including those named above) 7,071,215 702,252 2,373 3,654,163 3,987,953 NOTE (1). Includes presently exercisable stock options as well as stock options and restricted stock
units, that became exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. NOTE (2). Restricted stock units distributable within 60 days of the
date of this table. NOTE (3). Represents number of vested stock units held by the Director or Executive Officer, where each stock unit is
equal in value to one share of AT&T common stock. The stock units are paid in common stock or cash depending upon the plan and the election of the participant at times specified by the relevant plan. None of the stock units listed may be
converted into common stock within 60 days of the date of this table. As noted under “Compensation of Directors,” AT&T’s plans permit non-employee Directors to acquire stock units (also referred to as deferred
stock units) by deferring the receipt of retainers into stock units and through a yearly grant of stock units. Officers may acquire stock units by participating in stock-based compensation deferral plans or through vested stock awards. Stock units
carry no voting rights. NOTE (4). Mr. Hutchins disclaims beneficial ownership of 3,322 shares held in trust for his siblings. NOTE (5). Mr. Yang disclaims beneficial ownership of 33,558 shares held in a limited partnership. 2022 PROXY 31 AT&T INC. Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) ESG INTEGRATION ACROSS AT&T OPERATIONS AT&T’s commitment to managing ESG issues includes Board of Directors oversight,
executive leadership across multiple officers and business units, and dedicated teams of corporate responsibility professionals and subject-matter experts throughout the Company. Board of Directors Oversight The Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee (PPCRC) assists the Board in oversight of ESG strategy, including related
policies, programs and ESG reporting. The PPCRC also oversees our policies for political and philanthropic giving, which include political contributions, corporate contributions approved by the AT&T Contributions Council and grants approved by
the AT&T Foundation. In addition to discussions with individual PPCRC members throughout the year, our Senior Vice President
(SVP) – Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and ESG, who also is our Chief Sustainability Officer, presents on relevant topics and is present at all PPCRC meetings for ESG dialog. In 2021, the PPCRC held 3 regularly scheduled meetings, which
included ESG topics such as: diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I); digital divide social innovation; supply chain responsibility; climate transition; ESG reporting; political contributions and charitable contributions. The Audit Committee oversees AT&T’s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, as well as internal enterprise risk assessment activities and audit functions which incorporate ESG risks and disclosures. The Chief Compliance Officer and the SVP – Audit Services each meet with the Audit Committee 4 times
per year. Executive Oversight Our CSO oversees internal management of AT&T’s ESG strategy, risks and opportunities. Our SVP – Audit Services oversees
internal enterprise risk assessment activities and audit functions, including analysis of ESG risks and disclosures, and associated processes, controls and assurance. Our CSR Governance Council (Council) is led by our CSO and is comprised of more than a dozen officers representing business operations
and management functions aligned to our most important ESG focus areas. In addition to ad hoc meetings, the CSR Governance Council held 3 regularly scheduled meetings in 2021, discussing ESG topics such as ESG reporting, digital divide social
innovation, climate transition, political contributions, DE&I, long-range goal setting and social issue engagement. In
addition to the Council, we convene five core issue committees: Community, Employee Activation, Environment, Human Rights and Online Safety. These committees are led by senior CSR leaders and work closely with experts throughout our operating
companies to implement or enhance programs and policies that address ESG issues across AT&T. Compliance, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Our Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) provides oversight of compliance and ethics controls and risk assessments, and is
responsible for the AT&T Corporate Compliance Program, which promotes an ethical culture, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, and our commitment to respecting consumer and employee privacy. The CCO is also responsible for protection
of Company assets. In addition to independent discussions with committee members throughout the year, as-needed, the CCO and Chief Privacy Officer report annually to the PPCRC and our CCO reports periodically (but no less than annually) to the Audit
Committee, to discuss compliance- and ethics-related trends, risks and action plans. AT&T INC. 32 2022 PROXY Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) AT&T follows ethical business practices in our dealings with public officials, other
companies and private citizens. We do not seek to illegally or unethically influence – directly or indirectly – through the payment of illegal bribes, kickbacks or other unethical payments or inducements. We have a comprehensive set
of anti-bribery/anti-corruption policies and procedures – including our codes of conduct, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy, Principles of Conduct for Suppliers and Code of Ethics – which aim to prevent, detect and mitigate
risks related to public and commercial bribery. Our internal audit organization, led by our SVP – Audit Services, performs periodic ABAC control audits on each operating company. Political Engagement Transparency As one of the world’s largest telecommunications companies, federal, state and local laws have a significant impact on our
employees, communities, customers and stockholders. We participate in the political process in a bipartisan manner to support policies that foster an economic environment in which we can sustain and grow our business. AT&T has a core set of
critical business issues that drive corporate political contributions and inform employee PAC contributions. Those issues affect our ability to hire, pay good wages, provide world-class benefits, serve our customers, make capital investments,
innovate to foster economic growth and create or return stockholder value. Because elected officials have varying interests and
positions, it’s impossible to agree with every position taken by any one elected official. Thus, contributions we may make to advance our core business issues and corporate values do not signal our agreement with every position that recipients
may take on every topic. Our biannual Political Engagement Report describes how AT&T participates in the political process and discloses our U.S. political contributions. With oversight from the PPCRC and visibility of the full Board, every
action we take is guided by our Political Engagement Policy, along with other policies and procedures, helping us govern the range of views and positions we support across the political spectrum in a way that reflects our corporate brand, the values
we espouse and the interests of our business and employees. Since 2019, AT&T has received the leading “Trendsetter”
designation from the CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, for transparent reporting of our engagements. In 2021, AT&T was among only 6 companies to receive a 100% score. Network and Data
Security and Privacy Network and data security is crucial to our mission of delivering connectivity services that businesses
and consumers can trust. The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s risk management strategy, which includes cybersecurity
and the defense of our network. The Chief Security Office, led by our Chief Security Officer, establishes global policy and programmatic requirements designed to help protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of our network. The Audit
Committee and full Board receive regular updates from our Chief Security Officer on network and data security, and associated risks. Privacy is a fundamental commitment at AT&T. Our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO), who is a member of the CSR Governance Council, is
responsible for developing, implementing and supporting compliance with our privacy principles, policies and commitments across all operating companies – in accordance with international, federal and state legislation. Our CCO and CPO provide
regular updates about privacy-related risks and mitigation to executive leadership and the PPCRC, and our CCO provides periodic privacy-related updates to the Audit Committee. Like all companies, we’re required by law to provide information to government and law enforcement entities, as well as to
parties to civil lawsuits, by complying with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests and other legal requirements. Our Transparency Report lists the number and types of legal demands that have compelled AT&T to provide information
about the communications of our customers as well as information permitted by law to be disclosed about Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act requests. Supply Chain Management A capable, diverse, ethical and sustainable supply chain is crucial for mitigating risk, realizing new opportunities, delivering
excellence and creating long-lasting value for AT&T and our stakeholders. With oversight from the PPCRC and leadership from
our Executive Vice President – Global Connections and Supply Chain, who is a member of the CSR Governance Council, we expect supplier business operations to be conducted in compliance with sustainability and diversity clauses in our contracts,
which require conformance with the AT&T Principles 2022 PROXY 33 AT&T INC. Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) of Conduct for Suppliers and the AT&T Human Rights Policy. We require suppliers to
verify adherence to our Principles of Conduct for Suppliers through a self-attestation process every 18-24 months. Annually, we
engage suppliers representing 80% of spend 1 with sustainability assessments developed through both CDP and the Telecommunications Industry Association. These assessments,
which cover a range of ESG factors such as environmental management, circular economy, stakeholder engagement and a supplier’s management of its own supply chain, support our ability to integrate sustainability metrics into sourcing decisions.
In addition, through our participation alongside peer telecom companies in the Joint Audit Cooperation, we engage suppliers at risk of noncompliance with social standards – such as child or forced labor, health and safety, freedom of
association, working hours or compensation – in on-site audits and corrective action plans. ESG Reporting AT&T’s ESG reporting practice is led by a dedicated team within the CSR organization led by our CSO, with additional oversight
by the PPCRC and Audit Committee. Each year, we engage hundreds of subject matter experts and business unit approvers across the Company to prepare, review, and continuously enhance our reports. Drafts of our annual ESG Summary are reviewed by the
CSR Governance Council and senior executives prior to publication. Our ESG disclosures are further validated by our internal legal and finance organizations, and select environmental calculations – such as energy use and GHG emissions –
are externally assured by an independent third party. Our ESG disclosures are underpinned by a regular stakeholder assessment
that helps identify and prioritize the most material ESG issues impacting AT&T, as well as those where AT&T significantly impacts external stakeholders. Our most recent assessment was conducted in Q4 2021 and as part of our ongoing
governance, we continuously monitor pressing and emerging ESG issues and current events to help prioritize programmatic efforts on those topics, as appropriate. We seek to deliver a comprehensive reporting suite featuring consistent and comparable metrics. We’ve aligned to the Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards since 2007, to communicate our managerial approach to impacts on broad topics such as the economy, environment, society and human rights. In recognition of investor interest in our
management of ESG impacts on enterprise value, we align to relevant industry-specific Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and the CDP Climate
Change assessment. Our reporting also aligns with the United Nations (U.N.) Global Compact and U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, reflecting stakeholder interest in AT&T’s contributions to global sustainable development objectives. ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT AT&T is
extending our positive environmental impact and optimizing the resilience of our business through enhancements in resource efficiency and efforts to protect our network and stakeholders from environmental risk. The PPCRC oversees the entirety of AT&T’s environmental and climate-related strategy, including emissions reduction
objectives, consumption of electricity and water, investments in renewable energy, waste management and policies governing our supply chain. Our CSO oversees internal management of AT&T’s environmental and climate-related strategy, risks
and opportunities. Our President – Network Engineering and Operations has responsibility for the resilience of our network, including energy and water use, and oversees the management of climate-related impacts to our operations. This includes
our commitments to renewable energy, network disaster response and business continuity planning. Our SVP – Audit Services oversees the integration of ESG issues, including environmental and climate-related impacts, into corporate enterprise
risk assessment activities. This risk analysis has further oversight by the Audit Committee. Our CSR Governance Council, led by
our CSO and comprised of officers representing business operations and management functions aligned to our most important ESG focus areas, regularly discusses environmental topics such as climate change, emissions and our use of energy and water
resources. In addition to the Council, we convene an Environment Committee that works with business unit experts across our operating companies to implement or enhance policies and programs that 1 The supplier sustainability
management approach reflects the activities of the AT&T Global Connections and Supply Chain organization within AT&T Communications. AT&T INC. 34 2022 PROXY Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) address climate-related risks and opportunities. The Environment Committee is led by our Assistant Vice President (AVP) – Global Environmental Sustainability, a direct report to our CSO. Mitigating Climate Change AT&T is positioned for success as the world transitions to a low carbon economy. We’ve committed to becoming carbon neutral,
targeting net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 2 by 2035. To help measure our progress, we launched a science-based target to reduce emissions for these same categories 63% by
2030 (2015 base year) – aligning with a 1.5°C pathway. Between 2015-2020, we reduced reported Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 34%, reaching nearly 54% of our 2030 target. A pillar of our emissions reduction strategy is enhancing operational efficiency. Between 2010-2020, we implemented nearly 147,000
energy efficiency projects – such as the ongoing integration of our centrally-managed Energy Building Management Solution across our footprint – resulting in annualized energy cost savings of approximately $694 million. We also continue to grow our procurement of renewable energy, where feasible. In 2022, we announced 2 new solar energy deals,
increasing our commitments to more than 1.7 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity – helping make AT&T the 7 th largest corporate renewable energy user in the U.S.,
according to the EPA Green Power Partnership. Climate-related Impacts Extreme weather presents operational risks to AT&T’s network and safety risks to our employees, customers and communities.
We’re taking steps to protect our network from threats and costly repairs associated with such events, while helping communities identify and address their own vulnerabilities. By modeling the potential for extreme weather within our geographic
information system, our industry-leading Climate Change Analysis Tool (CCAT) helps network engineers analyze how inland and coastal flooding, drought, wind or wildfires may impact existing infrastructure or future network builds – up to 30
years into the future. Over the last 2 years, we’ve been sharing data developed for CCAT with municipalities and organizations such as the New York Power Authority and National Coastal Resilience Fund. AT&T also assesses how climate-related regulations, developments in technology and
market or reputational factors could affect our Company. For example, a cost applied to GHG emissions, such as through an imposed fuel or carbon tax or other pricing mechanism, may drive up the cost of fossil fuel-based energy used to power our
network, operations and fleet. Landfill Diversion Based upon learnings from our previous 100-facility zero waste program, in 2021 we updated our goal to reduce the amount of U.S. waste
we send to landfill 30% by 2030 (2019 base year). This “30x30” initiative addresses our entire waste footprint across more than 3,000 sites and is anticipated to exceed the impact of our 100-facility effort by 104 times, based on weight. Environmental Performance of our Supply Chain AT&T’s supply chain impacts our emissions footprint and presents unique climate-related risks and opportunities, and we expect
suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of their operations. Through FY2021, we reached 94% of our science-based target to ensure suppliers representing at least half our spend (covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and
downstream leased assets) have, or will, set their own science-based Scope 1 and 2 targets by 2024. We operationalize
progress toward this goal by engaging suppliers through CDP assessments and providing incentives to participate in our Preferred Supplier Program, which includes more than 350 companies that have demonstrated a commitment to focus areas such as
environmental sustainability. Supporting Customer Environmental Objectives We’re helping customers improve their environmental footprint by driving adoption of AT&T broadband-enabled technologies that
can reduce GHG emissions, such as online collaboration tools and IoT solutions for fleet, asset and building energy management. We’re measuring this impact through a methodology developed in collaboration with Carbon Trust and BSR. 2 Scope 1 emissions include direct
emissions from sources owned or controlled by the Company (such as the fleet). Scope 2 emissions include indirect emissions that result from the generation of purchased energy. 2022 PROXY 35 AT&T INC. Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) In 2021, we announced the AT&T Gigaton Goal to deliver connectivity solutions that
enable business customers to cumulatively save a gigaton (1 billion metric tons) of GHG emissions between 2018-2035. AT&T-enabled customer GHG emissions reductions measured between 2018-2020 total 72.4 million metric tons of CO 2 e – approximately 7% of our gigaton goal. As part
of our efforts to achieve our gigaton goal, in 2021 we formed the Connected Climate Initiative to convene the brightest minds from leading technology companies, AT&T Business customers, universities and nonprofits to identify best practices,
develop innovative new products and use cases, and scale the innovations of startup partners building 5G- and other broadband-enabled climate solutions. We’re working with businesses including Microsoft, Equinix and Duke Energy, along with
research universities such as Texas A&M University and the University of Missouri, and a range of other organizations to make an impact on a global scale. SOCIAL IMPACT AT&T’s success
depends on motivated employees, satisfied customers, capable suppliers and thriving communities. We work to positively impact all stakeholders by addressing social factors such as human rights, diversity and inclusion, the digital divide and access
to resources supporting education and jobs. Human Rights Upholding human rights in our operations, supply chain and with our stakeholders is foundational for enabling people to work safely,
confidently and productively. We advocate for human rights-related issues to contribute to global sustainable development objectives and demonstrate that business success and ethical behavior go hand-in-hand. AT&T’s Human Rights Policy details our approach to human rights. We’re committed to upholding internationally recognized
principles supporting rights to privacy, freedom of expression, fair labor practices including freedom of association, ethical use of artificial intelligence and protection from harmful online content – particularly for children. Our CSO is
responsible for overseeing the AT&T Human Rights Policy with guidance from the PPCRC. The CSR Governance Council and Human Rights Committee, both comprised of senior executives from across the business, are responsible for implementing the AT&T Human Rights Policy throughout our operations. Our Online Safety Committee provides oversight and guidance on digital safety issues
impacting our business, customers and society. All 3 groups oversee related due diligence – including regular mapping of potential risks and issues. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion From our Board of Directors to front-line workers across the globe, we seek talented people who represent a mix of backgrounds,
identities, abilities and experiences. This is critical to ensure the products, services and content we create reflect the diversity and interests of all segments of society and of the world around us. Our Board Diversity Statement notes “AT&T recognizes the value of diversity, and takes into account many factors, including
but not limited to gender, race and ethnicity, as important in determining composition and in making nominations to the Board.” Our strategy for employee diversity, equity and inclusion is led by AT&T’s Chief Diversity and Development Officer and
WarnerMedia’s Chief Enterprise Inclusion Officer, both members of the CSR Governance Council. To promote employee engagement and cross-functional diversity and inclusion initiatives across our operating companies, we regularly convene four
diversity councils, including the CEO’s Diversity Council led by our most senior executive. The Chief Diversity and Development Officer reports regularly to the PPCRC and annually to the full Board to discuss diversity, equity and
inclusion-related updates, trends and action plans. AT&T has joined the OneTen coalition, a group of corporations pledging to
collectively hire 1 million Black Americans by 2030. Our CEO signed onto the U.N. Women’s Empowerment Principles, signaling AT&T’s commitment to promoting gender equality and women’s empowerment in the workplace, marketplace
and community. We also signed the Hispanic Promise, a first-of-its-kind national pledge to hire, promote, retain and celebrate Hispanics in the workplace. In 2021, more than 55% of open positions and 53% of promotions were filled by diverse candidates. 3 We also enhanced the transparency of our workforce diversity by publicly releasing both AT&T’s and WarnerMedia’s Federal EEO-1 data. 3 Inclusive of AT&T Corporate and
AT&T Communications. AT&T INC. 36 2022 PROXY Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) Recognizing the importance of diversity, equity and inclusion to our stakeholders, we
publish reports outlining our progress cultivating workplace diversity across AT&T and content diversity across WarnerMedia. This focus on building a more diverse and inclusive workforce is underpinned by the unwavering commitment to ensure that
employees from any and every segment of society are treated with fairness and provided equal opportunities to advance in the Company. Supply
Chain Diversity Diverse suppliers bring value to our Company through their unique skills and innovative ideas. Our
supplier diversity program connects specialized diversity managers with internal sourcing teams to assist minority-, woman-, veteran-, LGBTQ+- and disability-owned enterprises around the U.S. with opportunities to provide products and
services to AT&T. Our annual goal is to exceed $10B in diverse supplier procurement. In 2020, 24.5% of our spend 4 – approximately $13.2B – was awarded to
businesses externally certified as diverse by third-party agencies. Digital Divide Access to affordable and reliable internet service is critical for work, learning and commerce – and for staying digitally
connected to family, friends, news and information. Using our platform to address the digital divide is strategically important to AT&T, as it helps drive social change while expanding our network reach and deepening valuable collaboration with
communities, authorities and NGOs. With oversight by the full Board, our strategy for addressing the digital divide involves
collaboration across the entirety of our Company – engaging business units such as CSR, Public Policy, External and Legislative Affairs, Network Technology and Operations, Finance and Marketing. In 2021, AT&T announced a commitment to invest $2 billion over the next 3 years to help address the digital divide. This effort combines AT&T’s low-cost broadband service offerings with ongoing community investment, building on approximately $1 billion in contributions between 2018-2020 to
help the nation’s most vulnerable communities. As part of our $2 billion digital divide commitment, we introduced AT&T
Connected Learning, a multi-year initiative led by our CSR organization to help stem the tide of learning loss, further narrow the homework gap and empower today’s learners. Through the Connected Learning program, by end of year 2025 we seek to
provide 1 million people in need with digital resources. Through the end of 2022, we’re launching more than 20 AT&T Connected Learning Centers in under-resourced neighborhoods facing barriers to connectivity – providing access to
high-speed internet and computing devices, as well as opportunities for tutoring and mentorship through our employee-driven AT&T Believes volunteerism initiative. Together with national partners, we’re offering a collection of digital
literacy courses to help parents and families build skills and confidence to help their child navigate distance learning and participate effectively and safely in today’s digital world. Employee Talent Development As the global economy evolves, it’s crucial to train – and retain – a skilled and diverse workforce, and to help
ensure our colleagues have the tools needed for continued success. Led by our Chief Diversity and Development Officer, our internal training organization – AT&T University – works across our business to deliver strategic leadership
training, inspire continuous development for current and future roles, and energize our workforce to drive innovation. In 2020,
Chief Learning Officer magazine awarded AT&T Organization of the Year for Learning and Development, and the CLO Editor’s Choice Award for Best in Learning Execution. In 2021, AT&T invested approximately $158 million to engage employees
in 15 million hours of education and training, plus more than $13 million in higher education tuition assistance. 5 4 Supplier diversity spend excludes
content and programming spend, and reflects the activities of the AT&T Global Connections and Supply Chain organization within AT&T Communications. 5 Inclusive of AT&T Corporate and AT&T Communications. 2022 PROXY 37 AT&T INC. Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE AUDIT COMMITTEE AT&T has a separately designated standing Audit Committee. The Board has adopted a
written charter for the Audit Committee, which may be viewed on the Company’s web site at https://investors.att.com. The Audit Committee performs a review and reassessment of its charter annually. The Audit Committee oversees the integrity of
AT&T’s financial statements, the independent auditors’ qualifications and independence, the performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors, AT&T’s compliance with legal and regulatory matters, and
enterprise risk management, including privacy and data security. The Audit Committee is composed entirely of independent
Directors in accordance with the applicable independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange and AT&T. The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Di Piazza (Chairman), Mr. Luczo, Mr. McCallister, and Ms. Taylor each
of whom was appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate under NYSE listing standards. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Di Piazza and Ms. Taylor are “audit committee
financial experts.” Although the Board of Directors has determined that these individuals have the requisite attributes to be considered “audit committee financial experts” as defined under SEC rules, their responsibilities are the
same as those of the other Audit Committee members. They are not AT&T’s auditors or accountants, do not perform “field work” and are not full-time employees. The SEC has determined that an audit committee member who is designated
as an audit committee financial expert will not be deemed to be an “expert” for any purpose as a result of being identified as an audit committee financial expert. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of management in the preparation of AT&T’s financial statements and
financial disclosures. The Audit Committee relies on the information provided by management and the independent auditors. The Audit Committee does not have the duty to plan or conduct audits or to determine that AT&T’s financial statements
and disclosures are complete and accurate. AT&T’s Audit Committee charter provides that these are the responsibility of management and the independent auditors. Independent Auditor Oversight The Audit Committee has oversight of the Company’s relationship with the independent auditor and is directly responsible for the
annual appointment, compensation and retention of the independent auditor. The independent auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee. Financial Reporting Review The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditor: • the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements; • any major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations; and • earnings press releases and other financial disclosures. Internal Audit Oversight The Audit Committee oversees the activities of the Company’s senior internal auditing executive, including internal audit’s assessment of operational and financial risks and associated internal controls. Significant internal audit reports and corrective action status are regularly discussed with
the Audit Committee. Risk Review The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the Company’s significant financial, compliance, ethics, and operational
risk exposures and the steps management has taken to detect, monitor and control such exposures, including the Company’s risk assessment and risk management policies. This includes, among other matters, evaluating risk in the context of
financial policies, counterparty and credit risk, and the appropriate mitigation of risk, including through the use of insurance where appropriate. The Audit Committee also reviews and discusses with management the Company’s privacy and data
security, including cybersecurity, risk exposures, policies, and practices, including the steps management has taken to detect, monitor and control such risks and the potential impact of those exposures on the Company’s business, financial
results, operations and reputation. AT&T INC. 38 2022 PROXY Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE Compliance Oversight The Audit Committee meets with the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer (CCO)
regarding the CCO’s assessment of the Company’s compliance and ethics risks, the effectiveness of the Company’s Corporate Compliance Program, and any other compliance related matters that either the Committee or the CCO deems appropriate. The Audit Committee oversees the administration and enforcement of the Company’s Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics, and
Corporate Compliance Program. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Ernst & Young LLP acts as AT&T’s principal auditor and provides
certain audit-related, tax and other services. The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy for services to be performed by Ernst & Young. Under this policy, the Audit Committee approves specific engagements when the
engagements have been presented in reasonable detail to the Audit Committee before services are undertaken. This policy also
allows for the approval of certain services in advance of the Audit Committee being presented details concerning the specific service to be undertaken. These services must meet service definitions and fee limitations previously established by the
Audit Committee. Additionally, engagements exceeding $500,000 must receive advance concurrence from the Audit Committee Chairman. After an auditor is engaged under this authority, the services must be described in reasonable detail to the Audit
Committee at the next meeting. All pre-approved services must commence, if at all, within 14 months of the approval. The fees for services provided by Ernst & Young (all of which were pre-approved by the Audit Committee) to AT&T in 2021
and 2020 are shown in the following table: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES (dollars in millions) Item 2021 2020 Audit Fees (a) $ 44.7 $ 50.5 Audit Related Fees (b) 17.4 10.3 Tax Fees (c) 14.2 9.0 All Other Fees (d) 0.0 0.0 Note (a). Audit Fees. Included in this category are fees for the annual audits of the financial statements and
internal controls, quarterly financial statement reviews, audits of certain subsidiaries, audits required by Federal and state regulatory bodies, statutory audits, and comfort letters. Note (b). Audit Related Fees. These fees, which are for assurance and related services other than those included in Audit Fees, include charges for
employee benefit plan audits, subsidiary audits associated with acquisition and disposition activity, control reviews of AT&T service organizations, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting matters. Note (c). Tax Fees. These fees include charges for various Federal, state, local and international tax compliance, planning, and research projects,
as well as tax services for AT&T employees working in foreign countries. Note (d). All Other Fees. No fees were incurred in 2021 or 2020
for services other than audit, audit related and tax. 2022 PROXY 39 AT&T INC. Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee: (1) reviewed and discussed with management AT&T’s audited financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2021; (2) discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange
Commission; (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent auditors’ communications with the
Audit Committee concerning independence; and (4) discussed with the auditors the auditors’ independence. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors
that the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, be included in AT&T’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. February 10, 2022 The Audit Committee Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr.,
Chairman Stephen J. Luczo Michael B. McCallister Cynthia B. Taylor AT&T INC. 40 2022 PROXY Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 42 DECISION MAKING FRAMEWORK Role of the Human Resources Committee 47 Guiding Pay Principles 47 Pay Governance 48 Stockholder Engagement 49 COMPENSATION ELEMENTS AND PAY DETERMINATION Elements of 2021 Compensation 51 Determining 2021 Target Compensation 52 How NEOs Were Paid for Performance in 2021 53 Realized Compensation for NEOs 62 2021 Long-Term Grants 68 Consulting Agreements 69 BENEFITS 70 POLICIES AND RISK MITIGATION Stock Ownership Guidelines 73 Equity Retention and Hedging Policy 73 Clawback Policy 73 Risk Mitigation 73 INDEPENDENT COMPENSATION CONSULTANT (Frederic W. Cook & Co.,
Inc.) 73 ACRONYMS USED CAM Career Average Minimum CD&A Compensation
Discussion & Analysis CDP Cash Deferral Plan CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer DTC Direct To Consumer EOY End Of Year EPS Earnings
Per Share FCF Free Cash Flow HRC Human Resources Committee MCB Management Cash Balance NEO Named Executive
Officer PSA Performance Share Award ROIC Return On Invested Capital RSU Restricted Stock Unit SCT Summary Compensation
Table SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SERP Supplemental Employee
Retirement Plan SRIP Supplemental Retirement Income Plan STIP Short Term Incentive Plan SPDP Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan TSR Total Stockholder Return WM SSP WarnerMedia
Supplemental Savings Plan 2022 PROXY 41 AT&T INC. Table of Contents Executive Summary Our Human Resources Committee (Committee) takes great care
to develop and refine an executive compensation program that recognizes its stewardship responsibility to our stockholders while ensuring the ability to attract and retain talent to support a culture of growth, innovation, and performance in an
extraordinarily large and complex organization. In this
section, we summarize the elements of our compensation program and how our program supports pay for performance. Topic Overview Details THE FOUNDATION OF OUR
PROGRAM Our Committee believes that our programs should: •  be aligned with stockholder interests, •  be
competitive and market-based, •  pay for performance, •  balance
both short- and long-term focus, and •  be aligned with generally accepted practices. To that end, we incorporate many best practices in our compensation
program and avoid ones that are not aligned with our guiding pay principles. 47 STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Each year, we engage with stockholders in the spring and fall to understand their views on executive
compensation and other topics. During the spring of 2021, investor meetings preceded the annual stockholders meeting, and AT&T presented a publicly filed summary to its stockholders to share highlights of the 2020 executive compensation
decisions and rationale. Independent Directors led some of these investor meetings to share their perspective on their executive pay decisions. Following last year’s annual meeting and say-on-pay advisory vote results, our senior management conducted extensive stockholder engagement in the
fall of 2021, with Director participation, to hear and understand investors’ feedback on our compensation program, including direction for 2022. We provide details of these discussions in the PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY and in the Stockholder
Engagement section below in the CD&A. 49-50 OUR COMPENSATION PROGRAM ELEMENTS & PERCENT OF PAY TIED TO PERFORMANCE AND COMMON STOCK PRICE Our program includes a variety of pay elements, from fixed compensation
(base salaries) to performance-based variable compensation (short- and long-term incentives), to key benefits, which minimize distractions and allow our executives to focus on our success. Each element is designed for a specific purpose, with an overarching
goal of encouraging a high level of sustainable individual and Company performance well into the future. For active NEOs, the average combination of short- and long-term incentives is 88.5% of target pay. Payouts are formula-driven for: •  Short-term
incentives; and •  Performance Shares (which represent 75% of the long-term incentive for all NEOs). All long-term grants are tied to our common stock price
performance. Our Committee retains the authority to increase or
decrease final award payouts, after adjustment for financial performance, to ensure pay is aligned with performance. 51, 53 AT&T INC. 42 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary Topic Overview Details HOW WE MAKE COMPENSATION
DECISIONS The starting point for determining Executive Officer compensation is determining target pay, with an
evaluation of market data. The independent consultant compiles compensation information for our Peer Group companies and then presents this information to our Committee for it to consider when making compensation decisions. Our Peer Group companies
were chosen based on their similarity to AT&T on a number of factors, including alignment with our business, scale, and/or complexity. Lastly, the Committee sets target compensation with three elements of pay (described above) and an allocation
of those pay elements to total target compensation. The Committee
also annually reviews performance metrics used in short-term and long-term incentives, given our NEOs’ compensation is heavily weighted to this at-risk pay. The Committee aligns metrics and payouts to the overall business plan to appropriately
incentivize senior management’s performance. At the end of the year, the Committee evaluates the Company’s financial results along with any other pertinent circumstances to approve incentive payouts. 52-53 TALENT MANAGEMENT CFO In November 2020, AT&T’s Chief Financial Officer John Stephens’ March 31, 2021 retirement was announced and the Board appointed Pascal
Desroches to serve in that role effective April 1, 2021. Mr.
Desroches previously served as WarnerMedia’s CFO and brings broad experience including corporate finance, public accounting and regulatory compliance to this role as he helps lead the Company through a transformational period. Mr. Desroches’ CFO compensation package encompasses the pay
elements as described above and in the Elements of 2021 Compensation section below, which is in line with traditional AT&T executive officer compensation components and targets. His promotional compensation package is described on his
realized pay summary and the 2021 Target Long Term Values table (see pages 64 and 68). His CFO compensation does not include any special one-time awards. 64 2022 PROXY 43 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND PRIORITIES OUR PURPOSE WE CREATE CONNECTION –
WITH EACH OTHER, WITH WHAT PEOPLE AND BUSINESSES NEED TO THRIVE IN THEIR EVERYDAY LIVES, AND WITH THE STORIES AND EXPERIENCES THAT MATTER. OUR VALUES LIVE TRUE. THINK BIG. PURSUE EXCELLENCE. INSPIRE IMAGINATION. BE THERE. STAND FOR EQUALITY. EMBRACE FREEDOM. MAKE A DIFFERENCE. 2021 was a year of change for AT&T. We exited the year growing customer relationships in wireless,
fiber and HBO Max. We started from a position of strength as one of America’s leading broadband providers, delivering connectivity to consumers, businesses and governments via our wireless and fixed networks. We provide more than
100 million U.S. consumers with communications and entertainment experiences across mobile and broadband and operate a world-class network built for transporting enormous amounts of data. In 2021, we executed well, but we have more to do.
We’ve stepped up investment – including about $25 billion in spectrum acquisitions – to grow customer connections and differentiate AT&T by expanding our integrated network. We expect to reach 30 million fiber locations by
the end of 2025 and to expand 5G C-band coverage to 200 million Americans by the end of 2023. We’re developing innovative new services that will integrate seamlessly into our connectivity solutions, and we’re expanding our
distribution channels to serve more customers in new ways. Through these efforts, we’re establishing AT&T as the network of choice for consumers, businesses, governments and partners. 2021 CORPORATE / CONSOLIDATED ACCOMPLISHMENTS 1 •  Cash from operations of $42.0 billion with free
cash flow 2 of $26.8 billion •  Capital expenditures of $16.5 billion and gross
capital investment 4 of $21.6 billion •  Total dividend payout ratio 3 of 56% •  Announced or closed more than $50 billion in asset
monetization PROGRESS WITH
PRIORITIES AT&T delivered strong results in 2021 through execution against its three business priorities: • Grow Subscriber Relationships – Added 3.2 million
postpaid phone subscribers, more than in the past decade combined; grew fiber subscribers by 1.0 million, the fourth consecutive year in which the Company has added 1 million or more fiber subscribers; added 13.1 million HBO Max and
HBO subscribers to reach a total of 73.8 million global subscribers. 5 1 See Annex A for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial results and Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. 2 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that is frequently used by investors and credit rating agencies to
provide relevant and useful information. In 2021, free cash flow is cash from operating activities of $42.0 billion, plus cash distributions from DIRECTV classified as investing activities of $1.3 billion, minus capital expenditures of $16.5
billion. 3 Free cash flow total dividend payout ratio is total dividends paid divided by free cash flow. For 2021, dividends
paid totaled $15.1 billion. 4 Gross capital investment includes capital expenditures and cash payments for vendor financing and excludes FirstNet reimbursements. In 2021, gross capital investment included $4.6 billion in vendor financing payments and excluded $0.5 billion in FirstNet reimbursements. 5 Global HBO Max and HBO subscribers consist of domestic and international HBO Max and HBO subscribers, and exclude free
trials, basic and Cinemax subscribers. Domestic HBO Max and HBO subscribers consist of U.S. accounts with access to HBO Max (including wholesale subscribers that may not have signed in) and HBO accounts, and exclude free trials and Cinemax
subscribers. International HBO Max and HBO subscribers consist of non-domestic accounts with access to HBO Max (including wholesale subscribers that may not have signed in) and HBO accounts, and exclude free trial, basic and Cinemax subscribers. AT&T INC. 44 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary • Be Effective and Efficient in Everything We Do – Saw
significant increases in customer satisfaction and lower churn with full-year postpaid phone churn of 0.76%, the lowest since we began reporting that metric in 2014; reached more than $3 billion of $6 billion run-rate cost savings target that was
primarily reinvested to support customer growth; executed significant transactions to position the Company for improved returns going forward. • Make Deliberate Capital Allocations – In 2021, we invested
more than $65 billion in 5G/wireless, fiber and premium content and closed or announced asset monetization initiatives totaling more than $50 billion to transform our business, restructure our operations and provide us additional balance sheet
flexibility. And, we positioned our 3 major businesses – AT&T Communications, WarnerMedia and DIRECTV – with the right capital structure, assets and management teams to drive value creation going forward. In the case of WarnerMedia and
DIRECTV, we also positioned those businesses with the right partners to optimize returns. Once we close the pending WarnerMedia/Discovery transaction, we expect AT&T to have a capital structure and balance sheet that puts us in an attractive
position relative to our peers. SUMMARY OF INCENTIVE COMPENSATION Changes to 2021 Short-term Award Design The Committee added a strategic component for 2021, and rebalanced the metric weightings, to focus on key strategic and transformation
initiatives and team effectiveness. Changes were informed by engagement with institutional investors during spring and fall stockholder discussions. Considerations for Executive Officers for this new metric include: • Consistently putting stockholder value above specific operating entity performance • Demonstrating leadership in achieving results that are in line with the Company’s culture and
values • Working collaboratively across the organization to build a highly engaged, diverse and inclusive
workforce • Driving transformation across the organization consistent with the Company’s multi-year
transformation initiative 2021 Corporate Short-term Award Results Metric Metric Weight Attainment Payout % Earnings Per Share 60 % 106 % 130 % Free Cash Flow 20 % 105 % 125 % Strategic Component 20 % N/A 100 % Weighted Average Payout 123 % These metrics apply to corporate NEOs. See additional details, including metrics for business unit leaders, in the section How NEOs Were Paid for Performance in 2021 . 2022 PROXY 45 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary Long-term Award – Performance Share Component Results for 2019-2021 Performance Period Metric Metric Weight Achievement Payout % 3-Year ROIC 100% 8.0% 100% 3-Year Relative TSR Payout Modifier +10%, 0%, or -10% Quartile 4 -10% Final Long-Term Payout 90% % of Grant Value Realized 72% For more information, see the sections Long-Term Incentive Awards and ROIC Payout Table and Actual Performance
Attainment – 2019 – 2021 Performance Period . 2022 Incentive Compensation During 2021, the Committee, the Committee’s independent consultant, and management reviewed the design of the short-term and
long-term incentive compensation programs. The purpose of the review was to evaluate program design in an evolving business and determine if the current components required adjustment to motivate long-term sustainable performance, better align
executive and stockholder interests, and reward for performance that is consistent with external guidance. These changes were informed by engagement with institutional investors during spring and fall stockholder discussions (see pages 49-50). For 2022, Performance Share awards, which represent 75% of the long-term mix, will be tied to 50% Earnings Per Share growth and 50%
ROIC. The relative TSR modifier continues to be a metric and its impact will double to +/-20%; however, if TSR is negative and also in the top quartile of peers, the 20% modifier will not be added. The payout
table will be adjusted with a steeper slope to penalize for under-performance and reward for over-performance. The maximum payout for Performance Share awards is 200%, which includes the impact of the TSR modifier. The Committee believes that the
changes to the PSA metrics and payout table (i) align the executive’s experience with stockholders, (ii) will motivate a high level of performance, (iii) are consistent with external guidance, and (iv) have goals with
adequate sensitivity to potential business outcomes. During the off-season proxy outreach, senior management and the Independent HRC Chair, Beth Mooney, discussed incentive compensation design with institutional investors (not including retail,
insider and state-owned stockholders), and these changes are aligned with the feedback from those discussions. In conjunction
with the long-term changes, the short-term performance metrics were updated to replace EPS with Operating Income. FCF remains as a metric for the short-term incentive. AT&T INC. 46 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS DECISION MAKING
FRAMEWORK ROLE OF THE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE The Committee oversees the compensation and benefits program for our senior executives on behalf of the Board of Directors. The
Committee is composed entirely of independent Directors. Its current members are Ms. Mooney (Chair), Mr. Ford, Mr. McCallister, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Yang. The Committee’s charter is available on our website at
https://investors.att.com. The Committee is responsible for: Compensation-Related Tasks Organizational Tasks •  Determining the compensation for
our Executive Officers, including salary and short- and long-term incentive opportunities; •  Reviewing, approving, and administering our executive compensation plans, including our
stock plans; •  Establishing performance objectives under our short- and long-term
incentive compensation plans; •  Determining the attainment of performance objectives and
the resulting awards to be made to our Executive Officers; •  Evaluating Executive Officer
compensation practices to ensure that they remain equitable and competitive; and •  Approving employee benefit plans. •  Evaluating the performance of the
CEO; •  Reviewing the performance and capabilities of other Executive Officers, based on input from
the CEO; and •  Succession planning for Executive Officer positions including the CEO
position. 2021 GUIDING PAY PRINCIPLES The Committee has established the following guiding pay principles as the pillars of our compensation and benefits program. It
evaluates changes to our program with respect to these goals and the Company’s strategic objectives. 2022 PROXY 47 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS PAY GOVERNANCE Our Committee designs our compensation and benefits program around the following market-leading practices: OUR PRACTICES WHAT WE DON’T DO ✓ Pay for Performance: Tie compensation to performance by setting clear and challenging performance metrics/goals, including stock price performance for
long-term compensation. ✓ Multiple
 Performance Metrics and Multi-Year Time Horizons: Use multiple performance metrics and multi-year vesting timeframes to balance short- and long-term focus. ✓ Stock
 Ownership and Holding Period Requirements: NEOs must comply with common stock ownership guidelines and hold the equivalent of 25% of post-2015 stock award distributions until termination of employment. ✓ Regular Engagement with Stockholders: We regularly engage with stockholders to seek input regarding executive compensation. Stockholder input factored into
compensation program changes. ✓ Dividend
 Equivalents: Paid at the end of the performance period on earned Performance Shares. ✓ Compensation-Related
 Risk Review: Performed annually to confirm that our programs do not encourage excessive risk taking and are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. ✓ Clawback Policy: Provides for the recovery of previously paid executive compensation for any fraudulent or illegal conduct. ✓ Severance Policy: Limits payments to 2.99 times salary and target bonus. û No “Single Trigger” Change in Control Provisions: No accelerated vesting of equity awards upon a change in
control. û No Tax Gross-Ups , except in extenuating circumstances. û No Repricing or Buy-Out of underwater stock options. û No Hedging or Short Sales of AT&T stock or stock-based awards. û No Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits for officers promoted/hired after 2008. û No Guaranteed Bonuses. û No Excessive Dilution: As of April 30, 2021, our total dilution was 1.2% of outstanding stock. AT&T INC. 48 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AT&T has a long history of engaging with our stockholders, reaching out to our investors each spring and fall to hear their
feedback. In 2021, we conducted extensive engagement with stockholders, paying particular attention to investors’ concerns regarding our executive compensation programs and last year’s say on pay vote. In the spring of 2021, we reached out to 45 of our stockholders representing 35% of shares outstanding or 66% of shares held by
institutional investors 1 , and held meetings with stockholders representing 45% of institutional investors. In addition to members of our senior management team participating
in all meetings, HRC Chair, Beth Mooney, and Board Chairman, William Kennard, led dialogues with stockholders representing 42% of institutional investors. The investor meetings covered an informational deck that AT&T publicly filed in early
April 2021, to afford stockholders the opportunity to discuss directly the Committee’s 2020 pay decisions with Directors. As
a result of pay decisions to (i) attract and retain key talent and (ii) transition the CEO role, investors expressed concerns regarding certain compensation elements for a few of our NEOs. With respect to the 2020 short-term incentive
awards, the HRC recognized the original goals were no longer relevant given the impact of the global pandemic. The HRC exercised its authority to award a portion of the short-term incentive awards to Executive Officers based on their operational and
financial performance, and strong leadership during a challenging year. While we did disclose the original metrics and weightings, payout table and final attainment percentages, investors expressed concern regarding the style of the proxy statement
disclosure of the 2020 short-term incentive award payouts. The Committee and full Board took this feedback, as well as the result of the say on pay vote, seriously – assessing key themes within stockholders’ input and reviewing potential
enhancements to our executive compensation programs. In the fall of 2021, we reached out to 32 of our stockholders representing
37% of shares outstanding or 68% of shares held by institutional investors 1 , and held meetings with stockholders representing 46% of institutional investors. Independent HRC
Chair, Beth Mooney, led the discussion with investors representing 40% of institutional investors. During the dialogues, we listened to stockholders’ feedback and discussed changes under consideration to our short-term and long-term incentive
programs. Importantly, we conducted engagement discussions with investors who had voted for our 2021 say on pay proposal, as well as investors who had voted against the proposal. As shown in the following graphic, during both the spring and fall of 2021, we met with stockholders representing a large portion of
AT&T’s institutional investor base. (1) Spring 2021 Outreach (% of Shares Held by Institutional Investors) Fall 2021 Outreach (% of Shares Held by Institutional Investors) 1 “Institutional Investors” does not include retail,
insider, and state-owned shares. 2022 PROXY 49 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The table below summarizes key feedback themes from our stockholders and AT&T’s responsive actions. Stockholder Feedback AT&T’s Responsive Actions and/or Goals for Future Years Pay for performance misalignment between executive pay and TSR
performance. The Committee is replacing 100% ROIC with 50% EPS growth and 50% ROIC for the 2022
long-term incentive plan metrics of PSAs to further align executives’ interests with stockholders’ interests as it relates to the Company’s business transformation while maintaining a focus on capital allocation. The relative TSR modifier will remain as an
additional metric and the Committee is doubling its potential impact, both upside and downside, to further tie executive compensation to long-term stockholder value creation; however, if TSR is negative and also in the top quartile of peers, the 20%
modifier will not be added. The payout table has been redesigned to motivate a high level of performance with a potential for PSAs to pay at 200%, including the TSR modifier. On the other side, the redesigned payout table penalizes more harshly for
under-performance. The Committee is committed
to an incentive program that is designed to drive long-term sustained performance aligned with stockholder interests. Preference for prior level of detail on the short-term program. Due to the unprecedented COVID impact on business operations, the Committee waited
until the end of the year to evaluate 2020 accomplishments, and recognized the goals set early in the year were no longer relevant in light of the pandemic. At that point, the Committee exercised its authority to award a portion of the short-term
incentive awards to Executive Officers based on their operational and financial performance, and strong leadership during a challenging year. Therefore, the STIP disclosures in the 2021 proxy statement were in a different format in comparison to
prior years. The disclosure of short-term
incentive awards within this 2022 proxy statement reflects a return to AT&T’s customary practices and disclosure before the pandemic, which stockholders have consistently found robust and transparent. Prefer grants of significant value to include a
performance component. The Committee agrees that one-time grants should not
be common practice and should only be used in rare circumstances, to ensure attraction, or retention of key talent to drive business results and long-term shareholder value. One-time grants were made in 2020 in connection with business and
leadership transitions in order to recruit and retain talent, but only after the Committee determined that such grants were necessary given the competitive market for the qualified executive talent needed and essential to transforming the company.
The Committee did not approve any new one-time grants in 2021 and does not anticipate any in the foreseeable future. In the extraordinary circumstance where a one-time grant may be necessary to support the Company’s critical strategic
priorities, the Committee commits that the grant will include a performance component based on market conditions for the recruitment or retention of high-quality talent in that position. These actions build on compensation best practices and are responsive to stockholder feedback. For example, upon Mr. Stankey’s promotion to CEO in 2020, his total target CEO compensation was set lower than the prior
CEO’s total target compensation. In addition, Mr. Stankey’s CEO compensation was reallocated to increase the weighting of at-risk compensation by (i) reducing his base salary and short-term target award and (ii) increasing
his long-term incentives. See the 2021 Target Pay Mix section. Mr. Stankey’s 2021 total target compensation was not increased from his 2020 CEO target compensation. AT&T INC. 50 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS COMPENSATION
ELEMENTS AND PAY DETERMINATION ELEMENTS OF 2021 COMPENSATION Stockholders’ interests are best represented by a compensation program that is properly structured to attract, retain, and
motivate our executives to lead the Company effectively, thus creating stockholder value. Our program contains various elements, each designed for a different purpose, with the overarching goal of encouraging a high level of sustainable individual
and Company performance well into the future: FOCUS ON CURRENT YEAR PERFORMANCE SALARY AND SHORT- TERM INCENTIVES + FOCUS ON MULTI-YEAR PERFORMANCE LONG-TERM INCENTIVES: 75% PERFORMANCE
SHARES 25% RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS + FOCUS ON ATTRACTION & RETENTION RETIREMENT, DEFERRAL/ SAVINGS PLANS, BENEFITS, AND PERSONAL
BENEFITS The chart below more fully describes the elements of total direct compensation and their link to our
business and talent strategies. Reward Element Form Link to Business and Talent Strategies Cash •  Provides current compensation for the day-to-day responsibilities of the
position. FIXED PAY Base Salary A portion may be contributed to the Company’s deferral plans. •  Current pay level recognizes experience, skill, and performance, with the
goal of being market competitive. •  Future adjustments may be based on individual performance, pay relative to
other executives, and/or pay relative to market. Short-Term Incentives Cash •  Aligns pay with the achievement of short-term Company or business unit
objectives. AT RISK PAY A portion may be contributed to the Company’s deferral plans. •  Payouts are based on achievement of predetermined goals, with potential
for adjustment (up or down) by the Committee to align pay with performance. Long-Term Incentives Common Stock •  Motivates and rewards the achievement of long-term Company objectives. •  Aligns executive and stockholder interests. Performance Shares Restricted Stock Units 2022 PROXY 51 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS DETERMINING 2021 TARGET COMPENSATION The Committee uses market data as the starting point for determining Executive Officer compensation. The independent consultant
compiles data from peer companies using both proxy data and third-party compensation surveys, then presents its findings to the Committee for their review and decision-making process. How the peer group was chosen The Company’s independent consultant recommended the peer group that was consistent with the Company’s businesses in 2021,
and included companies that operate in the telecom, technology and media industries, as well as large cap companies that are similar to AT&T in scale and business complexity. The Committee reviewed, discussed, and challenged the
consultant’s recommendation, then determined the peer group shown below. The Committee and independent consultant confirmed
AT&T’s peer group composition achieves the following: • Acknowledges AT&T’s business mix by including the thirteen largest telecom, media and technology companies • Represents scale and business complexity by including five of the largest general industry companies with complex
organizational structures • Includes three entertainment companies reported as direct competitors to the WarnerMedia business At the time of the review, AT&T ranked at the 81 st percentile for annual revenue and 80 th percentile for enterprise value among its peers. Based on the responsibilities of each executive’s role, the Committee evaluated compensation against the same or similar
positions in the peer group companies. If a peer company did not have a role corresponding to a particular AT&T executive, it was omitted from the peer group for the executive. 2021 AT&T PEER COMPANIES Alphabet Amazon Apple Boeing Charter Chevron Cisco Comcast Exxon Mobil Fox Corp General Electric IBM Intel Microsoft Netflix Oracle T-Mobile Verizon Wal-Mart Walt Disney ViacomCBS The Committee’s Process for Establishing 2021 Target Compensation The Committee’s consultant reviewed market data from the peer groups with members of management and the CEO (for Executive
Officers other than himself) to confirm job matches and scoping of market data based on the relative value of each position and differences in responsibilities between jobs at AT&T and those in the peer group. After completing this review, the
consultant presented the market data to the Committee. The Committee used the market data with the CEO’s evaluation of
performance and compensation recommendations for the other Executive Officers and then applied its judgment and experience to set Executive Officer target compensation. While the Committee does consider peer group compensation information when
setting executive compensation, it does not believe it appropriate to establish compensation amounts based solely on this data. The Committee believes that compensation decisions are multi-dimensional and require consideration of additional factors,
including market competition for the position and the executive’s: - experience, performance, and contributions; - long-term potential; and - leadership. AT&T INC. 52 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In addition,
to determine CEO pay, the Board formalized its annual performance evaluation process. Such performance evaluation consists of the Board reviewing key strategic and leadership behaviors and providing feedback directly to Mr. Stankey regarding
his performance and the performance of the Company. 2021 Target Pay Mix The Committee designs the executive compensation program to include at-risk pay. It uses a mix of incentive awards and stock-based
compensation to tie the interests of our executives to those of our stockholders. The following charts depict the mix of target compensation for Mr. Stankey and the average for the other active NEOs. 2021 TARGET PAY MIX *Including Stock Price Performance HOW NEOs WERE PAID FOR PERFORMANCE IN 2021 2021 Short-Term Incentive Awards – Performance Targets At the beginning of 2021, after reviewing our business plan and determining the business metrics on which our Executive Officers should
focus, the Committee established the following performance metrics applicable to payment of 2021 short-term incentive awards. These metrics were chosen for their link to our business strategy. The Committee maintained the corporate officers’ primary focus on EPS, and focused Business Unit leaders on their respective
operations’ earnings. The Committee also maintained the 20% weighting on Free Cash Flow for all NEOs. The Committee introduced a new strategic metric with a 20% weighting to further drive performance during AT&T’s business strategy
transformation within the framework of its cultural pillars. This strategic metric is based on the following considerations: • Consistently putting stockholder value above specific operating entity performance • Demonstrating leadership behaviors in the achievement of results that are consistent with the
Company’s stated culture and values • Working collaboratively across the organization to build a highly engaged, diverse, and inclusive
workforce • Demonstrating leadership in driving transformation across the organization consistent with the
Company’s multi-year transformation initiative 2022 PROXY 53 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2021 SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN METRICS AND WEIGHTINGS Metrics Stankey, Desroches, McAtee and Stephens McElfresh Lee Relevance Corporate AT&T Earnings Per Share 60% Indicator of profitability and a window into our long-term
sustainability AT&T Free Cash Flow 20% 20% 20% Important to continue to invest, pay down debt, and provide strong returns to our stockholders Strategic 20% 20% 20% Key strategic and transformation initiatives and team effectiveness AT&T Communications AT&T Communications EBITDA 60% Clear measurement of operating profitability AT&T Latin America AT&T Latin America Simple Free Cash Flow 20% Important to focus on getting to self-sustaining cash flow
in Latin America AT&T Latin America EBITDA 40% Clear measurement of operating profitability Each financial performance
metric has an associated payout table, and all payout tables use the same structure. SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PAYOUT TABLE STRUCTURE Financial Metrics Payout
Level Attainment Payout MAXIMUM 110% 150% TARGET 100% 100% 94% 50% THRESHOLD 82% 30% Interpolation is used to determine payout percentages for results that fall between attainment levels
shown. AT&T INC. 54 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2021 Short-Term
Incentive Awards – Performance Attainment and Associated Payout Percentages Financial Metric Results—80% Weighting The following charts show the financial metric performance goals, actual performance attainment and payout percentage for each
NEO’s 2021 short-term incentive award performance metrics. The strategic metric results are discussed after the financial results. Corporate 2021 Short Term Incentive Performance Goals and Attainment 1.  Earnings Per Share results were adjusted as
follows: 2. Free Cash Flow results were adjusted as follows: Reported EPS $2.76 Reported FCF $26,754 Adjustments per Grant Terms: Adjustments per Grant Terms: Merger & Acquisition Activity $0.59 Merger & Acquisition Activity ($667 ) Benefit Plans-Pension Remeasurement ($0.43 ) Excess Benefit Plan Contribution $685 Non-cash Accounting Writedowns $0.56 (Gains)/Losses: Asset Dispositions & Mark-to-Market ($0.20 ) Earnings Per Share For Compensation $3.28 Free cash Flow for Compensation $26,772 2022 PROXY 55 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AT&T Communications 2021 Short Term Incentive Performance Goals and Attainment AT&T Communications EBITDA for compensation purposes includes video business results and
adjustments, per grant terms, for Merger & Acquisition activity. AT&T Latin America 2021 Short Term Incentive Performance Goals And Attainment Latin America EBITDA and simple FCF for compensation purposes are adjusted for currency rate
exchanges and Vrio financial results through day of divestiture from AT&T. AT&T INC. 56 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Strategic Metric Results—20%
Weighting As described above (page 53), the Committee established the strategic measures criteria early in 2021, also shown in
the table below. Strategic Measure—Goals The team/individual’s demonstration of consistently putting stockholder value
above their specific operating entity performance Demonstrating leadership behaviors in achievement of results that are consistent
with the Company’s stated culture and values Working collaboratively across the organization to build a highly engaged,
diverse, and inclusive workforce Demonstrating leadership in driving
transformation across the organization consistent with the Company’s multi-year transformation initiative The Committee approved 100% payout of the strategic metric (20% weighting) for all the NEOs, based on
the accomplishments listed below. Strategic Measure – Rationale for 100% Payout Our team made difficult decisions to restructure the business and rearrange functions, often at personal
diminution of structure and responsibility, with a long-term stockholder value lens. •  Positioned our three major businesses—AT&T Communications,
WarnerMedia and DIRECTV—with the right capital structure, assets and management teams to drive value creation ○ Invested
 more than $65 billion in 5G/wireless, fiber and premium content •  Repositioned two of our three major businesses—Warner Media and
DIRECTV—with the right partners to optimize returns Took initiative to work with each other and across business units to address key
organizational development and effectiveness issues. •  Completed a thorough review of our compensation and benefit programs
against market, then adjusted the programs to be more relevant with employees, and to enhance attraction and retention ○ In
April 2021, 80% of employee respondents said they would recommend AT&T as a good place to work, compared to 75% in 2019 (will remeasure in April 2022) Improved employee engagement results and workforce diversity at the management ranks of the Company. •  AT&T’s multigenerational workforce spans Baby Boomers to Gen Z,
and includes nearly 7,000 employees who have self-identified as disabled, over 12,000 veterans and nearly 3,000 employees who self-identify as LGBTQ+ individuals •  Nearly 43% of AT&T U.S. managers are people of color •  AT&T was elevated to DiversityInc Hall of Fame based on its workforce
diversity, leadership accountability, talent development programs, workplace practices, supplier results and philanthropy Made critical structure and capital allocation decisions to prioritize
initiatives that restored market momentum, enabled next generation services, energized product development, and drove progress toward global emissions reductions. •  Closed or announced asset monetization initiatives totaling more than $50
billion to transform our business, restructure our operations and provide us additional balance sheet flexibility •  Reached more than $3 billion of $6 billion run-rate cost savings target
that was primarily reinvested to support customer growth 2022 PROXY 57 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS •  Retired 1,000+ apps and migrated 1,000+ apps to the public cloud, reducing
inefficiencies and costs and improving data capabilities to support customers •  Proactively rationalized our portfolio of low-margin products •  Developed new services that will integrate into our connectivity
solutions •  Consistent with our over-arching ESG objectives, reduced emissions through
energy reduction and increased usage of renewable energy Final Award Determination The NEOs whose awards are based on corporate performance metrics each received a performance-adjusted award payout of 123%.
Ms. Lee’s performance-adjusted award payout was 135%, and Mr. McElfresh’s performance-adjusted award payout was 121%. The Committee maintains the discretion to make adjustments to the formula-driven payout as it deems appropriate in order to align
Executive Officer pay with performance, but did not make any adjustments to the formulaic component of short-term awards for 2021. AT&T INC. 58 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Long-Term Incentive
Awards with Performance or Restriction Periods Ending in 2021 or early 2022 Following is a description of the
long-term awards our NEOs (other than Mr. Desroches) received: Form of Award Performance/Restriction Period and Metrics Description Performance Shares Granted in 2019 75% of 2019 Long-Term Award 3-year performance period (2019-2021) Performance metrics: –  100% ROIC –  Relative TSR payout modifier Payout value based on combination of performance attainment and common stock
price performance. –  Each Performance Share is equal in value to a share of common stock, which causes the value
of the award to fluctuate directly with changes in our stock price over the performance period. –  Performance Shares are paid 66% in cash and 34% in common stock. The amount of cash to be
paid is based on our stock price on the date the award payout is approved. –  Awards are based on a 3-year performance period and maximize both short- and long-term
performance. The impact of a single year’s performance is felt in each of the three Performance Share grants outstanding at any given time, so that strong performance must be sustained every year in order to provide favorable payouts. –  Dividend
equivalents are paid at the end of the performance period, based on the number of Performance Shares earned. RSUs Granted in 2018 25% of 2018 Long-Term Award 4-year restriction
period Payout value based on common stock price performance. RSUs pay in common stock at the end of the restriction period, regardless of whether they vest earlier. RSUs vest 100% after four years
or upon retirement eligibility, whichever occurs earlier. Dividend equivalents are paid quarterly in cash on the number of shares outstanding. 2022 PROXY 59 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ROIC Payout Table and Actual Performance Attainment – 2019-2021 Performance Period Determination of Performance Goal Performance Below Target Range We established a ROIC performance target range of 7.00% to 8.00% at the beginning of the
3-year performance period. This target range does not reward or penalize Executive Officers for performance achievement within close proximity to the midpoint of the range. The lower end of the performance target range was set so that it exceeded
our internally calculated weighted average cost of capital (determined, in part, based on input from banks) by 75 basis points, ensuring a reasonable return is delivered to stockholders before Executive Officers are eligible for full payout of their
target award. We calculate ROIC by taking our annual reported net income minus minority interest and adding after-tax interest expense and dividing that result by the total of the average debt and average stockholder equity for the relevant year,
subject to adjustments. The ROIC for each year is then averaged over the 3-year performance period to determine the final performance. Achievement below the target range results in decreasing levels of award payout. No
payout is earned if less than 68% of the performance target range is achieved. Performance Within Target Range 100% payout if performance falls within the target range. Performance Above Target Range Maximum payout of 150% is earned if 138% or more of the performance target range is achieved. Achievement above the target range
provides for higher levels of award payout, up to the maximum payout. Actual Performance After conclusion of the performance period, the Committee determined (using the 2019 ROIC payout table summarized on the next page)
that we achieved ROIC of 8.00%, which was within the target range, and 175 basis points above the weighted average cost of capital we established based on input from banks. As a result,
the Committee directed that 100% of the related Performance Shares be distributed in accordance with the payout table as follows (before applying the TSR modifier, as discussed on the next page). AT&T INC. 60 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Relative TSR Payout Modifier - Payout Table and Actual Performance The following chart shows the payout table and actual performance for the relative TSR modifier applicable to the 2019 Performance
Share grant: Relative TSR Payout Modifier (2019 - 2021 Performance
Period) AT&T Return vs. Peer
Group Payout
Modifier Top Quartile Add 10 percentage points to final ROIC payout percentage Our 3-year TSR of 5.3% ranks us at the 11th percentile of the peer group Quartile 2 No adjustment to ROIC payout percentage Quartile 3 Bottom Quartile Subtract 10 percentage points from final ROIC payout percentage TSR was measured relative to the peer group shown below. This peer group was established at the time
of grant; these companies were removed due to acquisitions: CBS Corp., Sprint, 21 st Century Fox, and Viacom. TSR Peer Group for 2019 Performance Share Grant Alphabet Charter Exxon Microsoft Verizon Amazon Chevron General Electric Oracle Walt Disney Apple Cisco IBM T-Mobile US Wal-Mart Boeing Comcast Intel 2022 PROXY 61 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Percent of Grant Value Realized 2019-2021 Performance Share Grant Based on the combined ROIC and relative TSR performance attainment, the
Committee directed that 90% of the Performance Shares be distributed. After the impact of common stock price performance over the 3-year performance period, our NEOs (except Mr. Desroches) received 72% of
the original 2019 Performance Share grant value (without regard to any supplemental grants), as follows: 2019-2021
Performance Share Grant 1 Closing common stock prices: $30.06 on the 1/31/2019 grant date and $24.12 on the 1/27/2022 payout
approval date. 2018 RSU Grant After the impact of common stock price performance over the 4-year restriction period, our NEOs (except Mr. Desroches) received
62% of the original 2018 RSU grant value (without regard to any supplemental grants), as follows: 2018 RSU Grant 2 Closing common stock prices: $39.16 on the 2/1/2018 grant date and $24.12 on 1/27/2022, the last
date of the restriction period. REALIZED COMPENSATION FOR NAMED
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS We believe that a full understanding of our Committee’s pay-for-performance philosophy includes a
review of the compensation that our NEOs actually received (“realized compensation”) relative to their original pay targets (“target compensation”). The primary difference between realized and target compensation is stock price
performance and achievement against pre-established performance goals under our short- and long- term incentive plans. In the preceding sections we detailed our incentive award payouts. The following charts summarize the impact of these payouts on
each NEO’s total realized compensation for 2021. Note that the realized long-term values shown below do not align to what is reported in the Summary Compensation Table (SCT) because the SCT reflects grant values for 2021 whereas realized
compensation shown below includes long-term distribution values of awards with performance/restriction periods ending in 2021 or early 2022. AT&T INC. 62 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS John Stankey Chief Executive Officer John Stankey was appointed Chief Executive Officer in 2020, after serving as President and Chief
Operating Officer of AT&T Inc. During his 36-year career with the Company, he has held various leadership positions, including CEO-WarnerMedia; CEO-AT&T Entertainment Group; Chief Strategy Officer; President and CEO of AT&T Business
Solutions; and President and CEO of AT&T Operations. 2021 Realized
Compensation Element of Compensation Compensation Amount Rationale 2021 Base Salary $2,400,000 Mr. Stankey’s salary was not changed from 2020. 2021 STIP Target Award = $5,600,000 Final Award Paid = $6,888,000 123% of target award value realized Mr. Stankey’s short-term incentive target was not changed from 2020. Mr. Stankey’s short-term incentive payout was based on: •  A payout of 123% of his target award
based on performance attainment of EPS, FCF, and strategic goals •  The Committee made no award for individual performance Performance Share Payout 75% of 2019 Long-Term Award (2019-2021 Performance Period) Target Award = $7,125,000 Final Award Paid = $4,921,963 69% of grant value realized Mr. Stankey’s performance share payout was based on: •  A formulaic payout of 100% of the 226,735 shares granted, based on the Company’s performance
achievement for ROIC and 10% subtracted for the relative TSR modifier, plus •  The Company’s common stock price change over the 3-year performance period, which reduced the value of the shares earned, including the 2019 supplemental grant Performance Shares were paid in 66% cash and 34% common stock. RSU Payout 25% of 2018 Long-Term Award (2018 Grant) Target Award = $1,843,750 47,271 shares paid; valued at $1,140,177 62% of grant value realized The Company’s common stock price change over the 4-year restriction period reduced
the value of the units granted, including the 2018 supplemental grant, by 38%. RSUs were paid
in common stock. Total Realized Compensation $15,350,140 2022 PROXY 63 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Pascal Desroches Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Pascal Desroches was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2021 and leads
AT&T’s finance organization as well as corporate development and corporate real estate. He previously served as WarnerMedia’s CFO since 2018. Prior to that, he was executive vice president and CFO of Turner Broadcasting when it
operated as a subsidiary under Time Warner Inc. Before joining Turner, he held a variety of financial roles within Time Warner, including senior vice president and global controller. Prior to joining Time Warner, Mr. Desroches was a partner at
KPMG and served as a senior advisor to the chief accountant of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Mr. Desroches brings broad experience including corporate finance, public accounting, and regulatory compliance to this role as he helps lead
the Company through a transformational period. 2021 Realized Compensation Element of Compensation Compensation Amount Rationale 2021 Base Salary $1,250,000 Mr. Desroches annual salary rate was set at $1,250,000 to
reflect his promotion to CFO. 2021 STIP Target Award = $2,750,000 Final Award Paid = $3,382,500 123% of target award value realized Mr. Desroches short-term incentive target was set at $2,750,000 to reflect his promotion to CFO. Mr. Desroches short-term incentive payout was based on: •  A payout
of 123% of his target award based on performance attainment of EPS, FCF, and strategic goals •  The Committee made no award for individual performance WM RSU Payouts Time-based Vested tranches distributing in February 2021 $2,377,141 Mr. Desroches 2021 long-term distributions
represent vested tranches of RSUs issued for years 2017 through 2020. Each of these awards vests 25% each calendar year over a four-year restriction period and distribute in AT&T stock or cash. Mr. Desroches 2021 long-term award is in the same form and has the
same terms as the awards for the other NEOs. Total Realized Compensation $7,009,641 AT&T INC. 64 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Lori Lee CEO – AT&T Latin America and Global Marketing Officer Lori Lee was appointed CEO-AT&T Latin America and Global Marketing Officer in 2018, after
serving as Global Marketing Officer since 2015. She leads strategy, operations and marketing for AT&T Mexico, providing mobile services to more than 19 million consumers and businesses, and previously led Vrio Corp. which provided digital
entertainment services throughout South America and the Caribbean. During Ms. Lee’s 24-year career with AT&T, she previously served as Senior Executive Vice President – AT&T Home Solutions, with responsibility for the
Company’s Consumer wireline group. 2021 Realized Compensation Element of Compensation Compensation Amount Rationale 2021 Base Salary $750,000 Ms. Lee’s salary was not changed from 2020. 2021 STIP Target Award = $1,350,000 Final Award Paid = $1,822,500 135% of target award value realized Ms. Lee’s annual short-term incentive target was set at $1,350,000 as part of the
Committee’s annual review of pay. Ms. Lee’s short-term
incentive payout was based on: •  A payout of 135% of her target award based on performance attainment of FCF, Latin America
simple FCF, Latin America EBITDA, and strategic goals •  The Committee made no award for
individual performance Performance Share Payout 75% of 2019 Long-Term Award (2019-2021 Performance Period) Target Award = $2,606,250 Final Award Paid = $1,882,127 72% of grant value realized Ms. Lee’s performance share payout was
based on: •  A formulaic payout of 100% of the 86,702 shares granted, based on the Company’s
performance achievement for ROIC and 10% subtracted for the relative TSR modifier, plus •  The Company’s common stock price change over the 3-year performance period, which reduced the value of the shares earned Performance Shares were paid in 66% cash and 34% common stock. RSU Payout 25% of 2018 Long-Term Award (2018 Grant) Target Award = $785,250 20,052 shares paid; valued at $483,654 62% of grant value realized The Company’s common stock price change over the 4-year restriction period reduced the value of the units granted by 38%. RSUs were paid in common stock. Total Realized Compensation $4,938,281 2022 PROXY 65 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS David McAtee Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel David McAtee has served as AT&T’s General Counsel since 2015. He has responsibility for all
legal matters affecting AT&T, including the Company’s litigation, regulatory matters, and administrative matters before various judicial and regulatory bodies, as well as all merger agreements, dispositions of non-strategic assets,
commercial agreements, and labor contracts. Mr. McAtee joined the Company in 2012 after 18 years in government and private practice. 2021 Realized Compensation Element of Compensation Compensation Amount Rationale 2021 Base Salary $1,300,000 Mr. McAtee’s base salary was not changed from 2020. 2021 STIP Target Award = $2,350,000 Final Award Paid = $2,890,500 123% of target award value realized Mr. McAtee’s short-term incentive target was not changed from 2020. Mr. McAtee’s short-term incentive payout was based on: •  A payout
of 123% of his target award based on performance attainment of EPS, FCF, and strategic goals •  The Committee made no award for individual performance Performance Share Payout 75% of 2019 Long-Term Award (2019-2021 Performance Period) Target Award = $3,750,000 Final Award Paid = $2,708,073 72% of grant value realized Mr. McAtee’s Performance Share payout
was based on: •  A formulaic payout of 100% of the 124,750 shares granted, based on the
Company’s performance achievement for ROIC and 10% subtracted for the relative TSR modifier, plus •  The Company’s common stock price change over the 3-year performance period, which reduced the value of the shares earned Performance Shares were paid in 66% cash and 34% common stock. RSU Payout 25% of 2018 Long-Term Award (2018 Grant) Target Award = $1,250,000 33,132 shares paid; valued at $799,144 64% of grant value realized The Company’s common
stock price change over the 4-year restriction period reduced the value of the units granted, including the 2018 supplemental grant, by 36%. RSUs were paid in common stock. Total Realized Compensation $7,697,717 AT&T INC. 66 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Jeff McElfresh CEO, AT&T Communications, LLC Jeff McElfresh joined the Company in 1995, and was appointed CEO of AT&T Communications, LLC, in
October 2019. He is responsible for AT&T Communications’ consumer, business and technology and operations groups. AT&T Communications serves more than 120 million mobile and broadband customers in the United States and millions of
business customers, including nearly all of the Fortune 1000. Mr. McElfresh previously served as President-Technology and Operations for AT&T Communications, LLC, and as CEO of Vrio Corp. 2021 Realized Compensation Element of Compensation Compensation Amount Rationale 2021 Base Salary $1,000,000 Mr. McElfresh’s annual salary for 2021 was set at $1,000,000 as part of the Committee’s annual review of pay. 2021 STIP Target Award = $2,000,000 Final Award Paid = $2,420,000 121% of target award value realized Mr. McElfresh’s annual short-term incentive target for 2021 was set at $2,000,000 as part of the
Committee’s annual review of pay. Mr. McElfresh’s
short-term incentive payout was based on: •  A payout of 121% of his target award based on performance attainment of FCF, Communications
EBITDA, and strategic goals •  The Committee made no award for individual performance Performance Share Payout 75% of 2019 Long-Term Award (2019-2021 Performance Period) Target Award = $2,745,000 Final Award Paid = $1,882,274 69% of grant value realized Mr. McElfresh’s performance share payout was based on: •  A formulaic payout of 100% of the 37,924 shares granted 1/31/19, based on the Company’s
performance achievement for ROIC, and •  Payout of 100% of the 44,571 shares granted
10/1/19, based on the Company’s performance achievement of ROIC, and 10% subtracted for the relative TSR modifier, plus •  The Company’s common stock price change over the 3-year performance period, which
reduced the value of the shares earned, including the 2019 supplemental grant Performance Shares were paid in 66% cash and 34% common stock. RSU Payout 25% of 2018 Long-Term Award (2018 Grant) Target Award = $243,250 6,672 shares paid; valued at $160,929 66% of grant value realized The Company’s common
stock price change over the 4-year restriction period reduced the value of the units granted, including a 2018 supplemental grant, by 34%. RSUs were paid in common stock. Total Realized Compensation $5,463,203 2022 PROXY 67 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 2021 LONG-TERM GRANTS In 2021, our NEOs received long-term awards in the form of: Type of Award Weight Performance Metrics Vesting Period Performance Shares 75% Performance Metric - 100% ROIC with Relative TSR Payout Modifier 3-year performance period RSUs 25% Payout value based on common stock price performance only 3-year restriction period with annual ratable vesting The associated grant values for these awards were: 2021 TARGET LONG-TERM VALUES Name Performance Shares ($) RSUs ($) John Stankey 10,125,000 3,375,000 Pascal Desroches 4,500,000 1,500,000 Lori Lee 3,018,750 1,006,250 David McAtee 4,012,500 1,337,500 Jeff McElfresh 6,375,000 2,125,000 The above table summarizes annual awards of Performance Shares and RSUs approved in 2021. 2021 Performance Share Grants The
Performance Shares granted in 2021 are for the 2021-2023 performance period. The Committee determined that the Performance Shares would be tied to a ROIC performance metric with a payout modifier based on a comparison of AT&T’s TSR to our
Corporate Peer Group. ROIC Performance Metric We calculate ROIC for the 2021-2023 performance period by averaging over the three-year performance period: (1) our annual
reported net income plus after-tax interest expense minus minority interest, divided by (2) the total of the average debt and average stockholder equity for the relevant year. For mergers and acquisitions activity over $2.0 billion, we
exclude the dilutive impacts of intangible amortization, asset write-offs, accelerated depreciation, and transaction and restructuring costs so that the impact of certain significant transactions, including those which may not have been contemplated
in the determination of a performance metric, will not have an impact on the performance results. We also exclude the net impact of certain matters to the extent the collective net impact of such matters in one of the following specific categories
exceeds $500 million in a calendar year: changes in federal or state tax laws, changes in accounting principles, accounting gains/losses from asset dispositions and mark-to-market activity, expenses caused by natural disasters and non-cash
accounting write-downs of goodwill, other intangible assets and fixed assets. Additionally, we disregard gains and losses related to the assets and liabilities of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. ROIC Payout Table Description The ROIC target range for the 2021-2023 performance period was set 125 basis points above our cost of capital, a target that we believe
to be challenging, but attainable. For performance above or below the performance target range, the number of Performance Shares are increased or reduced, respectively. Potential payouts range from 0% to 150% of the number of Performance Shares
granted. TSR Performance Modifier We believe that TSR is an important measure because it helps ensure that our executives’ interests are aligned with those of
stockholders. This modifier provides that 2021 Performance Share Award payouts may be adjusted based on our TSR (stock appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends) performance relative to our Corporate Peer Group. TSR performance will be measured
over the entire performance period. AT&T INC. 68 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS TSR PERFORMANCE MODIFIER 2021-2023 Performance Period AT&T Return vs. TSR Peer Group Payout Modifier Top Quartile Add 10 Percentage Points to Final ROIC Payout
Percentage Quartile 2 Quartile
3 No Adjustment to ROIC Payout Percentage Quartile 4 Subtract 10 Percentage Points from Final ROIC Payout
Percentage At the end of the performance period, the number of Performance Shares to be paid out, if any, will be
determined by comparing the actual performance of the Company against the predetermined performance objective for ROIC, and modifying the award for relative TSR achievement, if applicable. In addition, the Committee may make additional,
discretionary adjustments. Performance Shares, if earned, are paid 34% in common stock, 66% in cash. 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Grants The Committee revised the RSU vesting provisions for the 2021 grants to ratable three-year vesting, to align with market practice. RSUs
granted in 2021 vest and distribute 33-1/3% each year over three years. Other grant terms remain the same, including RSUs (i) receive quarterly dividend equivalents, paid in cash at the time regular dividends are paid on our common stock,
(ii) pay 100% in stock to further tie executives’ interests to those of stockholders, (iii) are fully vested at grant for retirement eligible officers; however, the award does not distribute until the scheduled distribution date, and
(iv) continue to comprise 25% of NEOs’ total long-term incentives with 75% of total long-term incentives granted in the form of PSAs. CONSULTING AGREEMENTS Randall Stephenson —Retired Executive Chairman At the Committee’s request, Mr. Stephenson agreed to assist AT&T’s senior leadership team for 12 months following
his retirement. As the business undergoes a significant strategy transformation, the Committee determined that Mr. Stephenson’s experience as CEO would allow him to offer valuable counsel to the Board and Management. The support provided
by Mr. Stephenson during this period included consultation with the CEO on long-term strategic issues, talent development and management, capital allocation, and building important relationships with external audiences. In connection with this request and the support provided, Mr. Stephenson received, per a post-employment consulting agreement, a
fee of $1,000,000. Additionally, to create alignment between the strategic support Mr. Stephenson provided and the company’s performance during the post-employment period, the Committee lifted the automatic proration on
Mr. Stephenson’s 2019 and 2020 Performance Share awards. While the grant date value of these performance shares was previously reported in the summary compensation tables for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the value of such awards at the time
the proration was lifted ($12,003,886) is required to be disclosed in this year’s proxy statement for fiscal 2021. These Performance Share awards remain at risk until the end of the performance period and remain subject to achievement of the
same performance goals and approval of the Board. John Stephens —Retired Senior Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Stephens also agreed to assist AT&T’s senior leadership team
for 12 months following his retirement as CFO, particularly as the business continues its strategy transformation. Per a post-employment consulting agreement, he will receive compensation for his time: $1,000,000 for consulting services rendered
over the year. In addition, his agreement is structured with performance criteria to reward certain business outcomes that support
the financial health of the Company. He will receive $500,000 for achieving each of two goals set forth in the agreement: (i) closing an outstanding corporate tax audit and (ii) the Company realizing certain operational and accounting outcomes. 2022 PROXY 69 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BENEFITS Benefits and Personal Benefits Benefits are an important tool to maintain the market competitiveness of our overall compensation package. We provide personal benefits
to our Executive Officers for three main reasons: • To effectively compete for talent: These benefits allow us to have a competitive program to
help us in our attraction and retention efforts. • To support Executive Officers in meeting the needs of the business: We require our
Executive Officers to be available around-the-clock. Therefore, we provide them benefits that allow us to have greater access to them. These benefits should not be measured solely in terms of any incremental financial cost, but rather based on the
value they bring the Company through maximized productivity and availability. • To provide for the safety, security, and personal health of executives: We provide
Executive Officers certain personal benefits to provide for their safety and personal health. Benefits for our
Executive Officers are outlined below. The Committee continuously evaluates these benefits based on needs of the business and prevailing market practices and trends. Deferral Opportunities Tax-qualified 401(k)
Plans Our 401(k) plans are offered to substantially all our employees, including each of the NEOs, and provide the
opportunity to defer income and receive Company matching contributions. Substantially all of our plans provide our employees the ability to invest in AT&T or other investments. We match 80% of manager contributions, limited to the first 6% of
eligible 401(k) contributions (only base salary is matched for officers). Managers hired externally on or after January 1, 2015, and WarnerMedia employees, do not earn pension benefits, and to account for the lack of a pension benefit, we
provide an enhanced 401(k) match of 133-1/3% match on the first 3% of eligible 401(k) contributions and 100% match on the next 3% of eligible 401(k) contributions (only base salary is matched for officers). Nonqualified Plans We provide mid-level and above managers, other than WarnerMedia employees, the opportunity for tax-advantaged savings through two
AT&T nonqualified plans. All active NEOs, except Mr. Desroches, were eligible to elect nonqualified deferrals from 2021 cash compensation through these plans. WarnerMedia offers eligible employees a separate nonqualified deferral plan, the
WarnerMedia Supplemental Savings Plan (described below). Mr. Desroches elected deferrals through this plan in December 2019 from his 2021 cash compensation. Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan This is our principal nonqualified deferral program for AT&T employees, which we use to encourage our managers to invest in and
hold AT&T common stock on a tax-deferred basis. Under this plan, mid-level managers and above may annually elect to defer, through payroll deductions, up to 30% of their salary and annual bonus (officers, including the NEOs, may defer up to 95%
of their short-term award, which is similar to, and paid in lieu of, the annual bonus paid to other management employees) to purchase AT&T deferred share units at fair market value on a tax-deferred basis. Participants receive a 20% match on
their deferrals in the form of additional AT&T deferred share units. Participants also receive makeup matching deferred AT&T share units to replace the match that is not available in the 401(k) because of their participation in our
nonqualified deferral plans or because they exceeded the IRS compensation limits for 401(k) plans. Officers do not receive the makeup match on the contribution of their short-term awards. Cash Deferral Plan Through this plan, eligible AT&T managers may also defer pre-tax cash compensation in the form of salaries and bonuses. The plan
pays interest at the Moody’s Long-Term Corporate Bond Yield Average, reset annually, which is a common index used by companies for deferral plans. The SEC requires disclosure in the Summary Compensation Table of any earnings on deferred
compensation that exceed an amount set by the SEC. AT&T INC. 70 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS WarnerMedia Supplemental Savings Plan This nonqualified restoration savings plan allows U.S. salaried WarnerMedia employees who earn eligible cash compensation in excess of
the IRS compensation limit for tax-qualified plans to make additional pre-tax deferrals to notional investment options that mirror most of the 401(k) funds: up to 50% contributions for compensation up to $500,000 and up to 90% for compensation above
$500,000. The Company matches contributions up to the first 6% of deferred compensation between the compensation limit and $500,000, with no match for deferred compensation above $500,000. The matching rate is 133-1/3% on the first 3% of amounts
deferred and 100% on the next 3% of deferrals, equating to a maximum 7% match up to $500,000 of compensation. These plans are
described more fully in the Executive Compensation Tables section. Pension Benefits During 2021, we offered a tax-qualified group pension benefit to approximately two-thirds of our AT&T managers. Managers hired
externally on or after January 1, 2015 are not eligible to participate in the pension plan, and instead receive an enhanced match in the 401(k) plan. WarnerMedia managers are not eligible to earn pension benefits, though some employees have
frozen pre-merger Time Warner pension benefits. Pension benefits for individuals in scope for the DIRECTV joint venture were frozen as of July 31, 2021. We also provide supplemental retirement benefits under nonqualified pension plans, or
SERPs, to employees who became officers before 2009. In 2012, Mr. Stephenson elected to freeze his SERP benefit as if he had
retired at the end of 2012. Likewise, in 2019, Messrs. Stankey and Stephens elected to freeze their SERP benefits as if they had retired at the end of 2019. They gave up credits under the plan for all future compensation and service. In exchange,
the frozen benefits earn a fixed rate of interest equal to the discount rate used to determine lump sum benefits for participants who retired in 2012 and 2019 respectively. The interest credits continue until the SERP benefits are distributed to
participants. At the end of 2022, the Company will freeze the SERP benefits, with similar terms as described above, for
individuals that were officers of the Company prior to 2009 (since officers appointed after 2008 are not eligible for SERP benefits). This is a limited officer group, including Ms. Lee. Messrs. Descroches, McAtee and McElfresh are not eligible for any SERP benefits. Additional information on pension benefits, including these plans, may be found in the Executive Compensation Tables section,
following the “Pension Benefits” table. 2022 PROXY 71 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Personal Benefits We provide our Executive Officers with other limited and market-based personal benefits. The benefits are described below and the value
of those benefits to Executive Officers receiving them can be found in the Personal Benefits Table following the Summary Compensation Table. Benefit/ Personal Benefit Description Rationale FINANCIAL COUNSELING Includes tax preparation, estate planning, and financial counseling. Allows our executives to focus more on business responsibilities by providing financial
counselors to help with their personal financial affairs and tax filings. HEALTH COVERAGE A consumer-driven health plan for certain executives, who must pay a portion of the
premiums. Maintains executives’ health and welfare, helping to ensure business
continuity. EXECUTIVE PHYSICAL Annual physical for executives who do not receive the health coverage shown
above. Maintains executives’ health and welfare, helping to ensure business
continuity. COMMUNICATIONS AT&T products and services provided at little or no incremental cost to the
Company. Provides 24/7 connectivity and a focus on services customers purchase. AUTOMOBILE Includes allowance, fuel, and maintenance. Recruiting and retention tool. EXECUTIVE DISABILITY Provides compensation during a leave of absence due to illness or injury. Provides security to executives’ family members. HOME SECURITY Residential security system and monitoring. EXECUTIVE LIFE INSURANCE See pages 84-85. COMPANY-OWNED CLUB MEMBERSHIPS In some cases, we allow personal use of Company-owned social club and country club
memberships, but do not pay country club fees or dues for Executive Officers. Affords executives the opportunity to conduct business in a more informal
environment. PERSONAL USE OF COMPANY AIRCRAFT Executive officers are required to reimburse the Company
for the incremental cost of personal usage. However, the CEO may waive the reimbursement requirement for other Executive Officers. Reimbursements will not be made where prohibited by law. Provides for safety, security, and reduced travel time
so executives may focus on their responsibilities. Certain of these benefits are also offered as post-retirement benefits to officers who meet age and
service requirements. Additional information may be found in the Other Post-Retirement Benefits section of Executive Compensation Tables . AT&T INC. 72 2022 PROXY Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS POLICIES AND
RISK MITIGATION 2021 STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES The Committee has established common stock ownership guidelines for 2021 as shown below. We include shares held in our benefit plans in
determining attainment of these guidelines. Level Ownership Guidelines CEO 6 x Base Salary Executive Officers Lesser of 3 x Base Salary, or 50,000
Shares All Executive Officers are given 5 years from assuming their position to meet the minimum
requirements. Each NEO was in compliance with AT&T’s guidelines as of December 31, 2021. EQUITY RETENTION Executive Officers are required to hold shares equivalent, in the aggregate, to 25% of the AT&T shares they receive (after taxes
and exercise costs) from an incentive, equity, or option award granted to them after January 1, 2012, until they terminate employment with AT&T. This requirement further ties executives’ compensation interests to interests of
stockholders. HEDGING POLICY Executive officers are prohibited from hedging their AT&T stock or stock-based awards, including through trading in publicly-traded
options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to AT&T stock. CLAWBACK POLICY In addition to the risk moderation actions, we intend, in appropriate circumstances, to seek restitution of any bonus, commission, or
other compensation received by an employee as a result of such employee’s intentional or knowing fraudulent or illegal conduct, including the making of a material misrepresentation in our financial statements. RISK MITIGATION By ensuring that a significant portion of compensation is based on our long-term performance, we reduce the risk that executives will
place too much focus on short-term achievements to the detriment of our long-term sustainability. Our short-term incentive compensation is structured so that the accomplishment of short-term goals supports the achievement of long-term goals. These elements work together for the benefit of AT&T and our stockholders and to reduce risk in our incentive plans. INDEPENDENT COMPENSATION CONSULTANT The Committee is authorized by its charter to employ an independent compensation
consultant and other advisors. The Committee has selected Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (FW Cook) to serve as its independent consultant. The consultant reports directly to the Committee. Other than advising the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee on director compensation, FW Cook provides no other services to AT&T. The consultant: • Attends all Committee meetings; • Regularly updates the Committee on market trends, changing practices, and legislation pertaining to executive
compensation and benefits; • Reviews the Company’s executive compensation strategy and program to ensure appropriateness and market
competitiveness; • Makes recommendations on the design of the compensation program and the balance of pay-for-performance elements; • Provides market data for jobs held by senior leaders; • Analyzes compensation from other companies’ proxy and financial statements for the Committee’s review when making compensation decisions; • Assists the Committee in making pay determinations for the Chief Executive Officer; and • Advises the Committee on the appropriate comparator groups for compensation and benefits as well as the appropriate
peer group against which to measure long-term performance. The Committee reviewed the following six independence
factors, as required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, when evaluating the consultant’s independence: • Other services provided to AT&T • Percentage of the consultant’s revenues paid by AT&T • Consultant’s policies to prevent conflicts of interest • Other relationships with compensation committee members • AT&T stock owned by the consultant • Other relationships with Executive Officers Based on its evaluation of the consultant and the six factors listed above, the Committee has determined that the consultant met the
criteria for independence. 2022 PROXY 73 AT&T INC. Table of Contents COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The Human Resources Committee has reviewed and discussed the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on such review and discussions, the Human Resources Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K and Proxy Statement for filing with the SEC. February 10, 2022 The Human Resources Committee Beth E. Mooney, Chair Scott T. Ford Michael B. McCallister Matthew K. Rose Geoffrey Y. Yang AT&T INC. 74 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The table below discloses compensation provided to AT&T’s Named Executive Officers (NEOs), including the Chief Executive
Officer, the two individuals serving as Chief Financial Officer during the year, and the other three most highly compensated Executive Officers. Additionally, AT&T is reporting a seventh NEO this year to account for a retired Executive Officer
who would have been among the most highly compensated group if working as an active Executive Officer at the end of the year. Compensation information is provided for the years each person in the table was a Named Executive Officer since 2019. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) (1) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ($) (1) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (3) All Other Compen- sation ($) (4) Total ($) J. STANKEY CEO 2021 2,400,000 0 13,420,341 0 6,888,000 1,468,869 643,669 24,820,879 2020 2,050,000 0 13,499,999 0 3,250,000 1,411,950 808,968 21,020,917 2019 2,900,000 0 9,525,340 0 7,566,500 2,113,955 367,211 22,473,006 P. DESROCHES Sr. Exec. Vice Pres. and CFO 2021 1,250,000 0 5,999,990 0 3,382,500 0 1,112,643 11,745,133 L. LEE CEO Latin America & GMO 2021 750,000 0 4,025,002 0 1,822,500 689,009 222,746 7,509,257 D. MCATEE Sr. Exec. Vice Pres. & General Counsel 2021 1,300,000 0 5,350,003 0 2,890,500 201,040 801,379 10,542,922 2020 1,295,833 0 14,349,990 0 1,762,500 484,566 715,725 18,608,614 2019 1,270,833 250,000 4,999,970 0 2,019,600 365,535 445,438 9,351,376 J. MCELFRESH CEO-AT&T Communications, LLC 2021 1,000,000 0 8,500,003 0 2,420,000 134,002 275,524 12,329,529 2020 850,000 200,000 5,800,003 0 1,387,500 124,617 210,000 8,572,120 2019 567,500 0 5,768,525 0 1,067,000 86,404 186,896 7,676,325 J. STEPHENS Retired—Sr. Exec. Vice Pres. and CFO 2021 318,460 0 0 0 830,250 831,607 2,164,988 4,145,305 2020 1,145,833 250,000 10,750,008 0 2,025,000 1,059,686 906,618 16,137,145 2019 1,125,000 250,000 10,750,027 0 2,310,000 1,482,271 808,030 16,725,328 R. STEPHENSON Retired—Executive Chairman 2021 125,768 0 0 0 0 2,967,114 13,252,617 16,345,499 2020 900,000 0 20,999,989 0 2,250,000 3,763,883 1,240,756 29,154,628 2019 1,800,000 0 19,800,007 0 5,280,000 3,589,196 1,563,722 32,032,925 NOTE 1. Four of the NEOs deferred portions of their 2021 salary and/or
non-equity incentive awards into the Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan to make monthly purchases of Company stock in the form of stock units based on the market price of AT&T stock as follows: Ms. Lee—$45,000;
Mr. McAtee—$3,135,975; Mr. McElfresh—$682,750; and Mr. Stephens—$889,363. Each unit that the employee purchases is paid out in the form of a share of AT&T stock at the time elected by the employee, along with
applicable matching shares. The value of the matching contributions made during the relevant year is included under “All Other Compensation.” A description of the Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan may be found on pages 70 and 87. NOTE 2. Amounts in the Stock Awards column for 2021 represent the grant date values of Performance Shares and Restricted Stock
Units. The grant date values of Performance Shares included in the table for 2021 were:
Mr. 
Stankey— $10,065,249; Mr. Desroches—$4,500,000; Ms. Lee—$3,018,758; Mr. McAtee—$4,012,502; Mr. McElfresh—$6,374,995; Mr. Stephens—$0 and
Mr. Stephenson—$0. The number of Performance Shares distributed at the end of the performance period is dependent upon the achievement of performance goals. Depending upon such achievement, the potential payouts range from 0% of the target
number of Performance Shares to a maximum payout of 160% of the target number of Performance Shares. The value of the awards (Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units) will be further affected by the price of AT&T stock at the time of
distribution. The grant date values were determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used for determining the value of the stock awards reported in these columns are set forth in the relevant AT&T Annual Report to Stockholders in Note
16 to Consolidated Financial Statements, “Share-Based Payments.” 2022 PROXY 75 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES NOTE 3. Under this column, we report earnings on deferrals of salary and incentive awards to the
extent the earnings exceed a market rate specified by SEC rules. For the NEOs, these amounts are as follows for 2021: Mr. Stankey – $4,091, Mr. Desroches – $0, Ms. Lee–$0, Mr. McAtee – $0, Mr. McElfresh – $7,526 Mr.
Stephens–$0, and Mr. Stephenson – $99,715. Other amounts reported under this heading represent an increase, if any, in pension actuarial value during the reporting period. NOTE 4. This column includes personal benefits, relocation benefits, consulting payments and benefits, Company-paid life
insurance premiums and Company matching contributions to deferral plans. AT&T does not provide tax reimbursements to Executive Officers except under the Company’s relocation plan. In valuing personal benefits, AT&T uses the incremental
cost of the benefits to the Company. To determine the incremental cost of aircraft usage, we multiply the number of hours of personal flight usage (including “deadhead” flights) by the hourly cost of fuel (Company average) and the hourly
cost of maintenance (where such cost is based on hours of use), and we add per flight fees such as landing, ramp and hangar fees, catering, and crew travel costs. Messrs. Stankey and Stephenson reimbursed the Company for the incremental cost of their personal use of Company aircraft. Other Executive Officers may be required by
the CEO to reimburse the incremental cost of their personal usage on a case-by-case basis. Reimbursements will not be made where prohibited by law. Mr. McAtee’s amount shown for use of Company aircraft represents flights taken for medical
treatments. Mr. Desroches’ amount includes travel in connection with his relocation. The consulting agreement value shown
below for Mr. Stephenson includes an estimated value of $12,003,886, which represents the lift on the proration of his outstanding Performance Shares. The Committee approved this action to tie Mr. Stephenson’s consulting term to company
performance. See the Consulting Agreements section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for more information. Stankey Desroches Lee McAtee McElfresh Stephens Stephenson PERSONAL BENEFITS Financial counseling (includes tax preparation and estate planning) 14,563 16,083 14,656 15,543 10,652 31,500 34,000 Auto benefits 27,921 12,440 13,100 20,810 16,161 3,453 2,061 Personal use of Company aircraft 0 127,183 9,801 108,806 0 0 0 Health coverage 61,408 5,333 59,044 59,044 9,000 14,761 4,784 Club membership 2,793 0 2,793 2,793 0 0 0 Communications 16,241 27,352 4,060 7,619 1,508 5,618 17,891 Home security 1,251 16,459 1,025 0 0 0 1,673 Total Personal Benefits 124,177 204,850 104,479 214,615 37,321 55,332 60,409 Relocation 0 131,440 0 0 0 0 0 Consulting Agreement 0 0 0 0 0 1,500,000 12,753,886 Company matching contributions to deferral plans 13,920 35,000 45,000 475,275 150,950 468,475 432,540 Life insurance premiums applicable to the employees’ death
benefit 505,572 741,353 73,267 111,489 87,253 141,181 5,782 Total 643,669 1,112,643 222,746 801,379 275,524 2,164,988 13,252,617 AT&T INC. 76 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS Name Grant Date Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (2) All Other Option Awards: Number
of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercise or Base Price
of Option Awards ($/Sh) Grant Date Fair
Value of Stock and Option Awards ($) Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) STANKEY 1/29/21 1,680,000 5,600,000 8,400,000 140,625 351,563 562,501 117,188 13,420,341 DESROCHES 1/28/21 825,000 2,750,000 4,125,000 62,500 156,250 250,000 52,083 5,999,990 LEE 1/28/21 405,000 1,350,000 2,025,000 41,927 104,818 167,709 34,939 4,025,002 MCATEE 1/28/21 705,000 2,350,000 3,525,000 55,729 139,323 222,917 46,441 5,350,003 MCELFRESH 1/28/21 600,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 88,542 221,354 354,166 73,785 8,500,003 STEPHENS 1/28/21 202,500 675,000 1,012,500 0 0 0 0 0 NOTE 1. Represents Performance Share awards, discussed beginning on page 68. NOTE 2. Unless otherwise noted, represents Restricted Stock Unit grants, discussed on page 69. The units granted in 2021
are scheduled to vest 33-1/3% and distribute each year in January 2022, 2023 and 2024. Units will also vest upon an employee becoming retirement eligible; however, they are not distributed until the scheduled distribution date. All of the NEOs except for
Mr. McAtee were retirement eligible as of the grant date. Narrative to Summary
Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table Messrs. Stankey and Stephens The 2018 Incentive Plan provides that in the event an employee retires while retirement eligible under the plan, an award of
Performance Shares will be prorated based on the number of months worked during the performance period. AT&T has provided that Performance Shares granted after September 28, 2017 to Messrs. Stankey or Stephens will not
be prorated if they remain employed through December 30, 2020, or in the event of certain changes in their reporting. As a result of this provision, Messrs. Stankey’s and Stephens’ Performance Shares current and future
grants will not be prorated. Mr. Stankey Upon closing of the acquisition of WarnerMedia, Mr. Stankey was appointed CEO of Warner Media, LLC. As part of this position, he
was expected to engage in extensive business travel, which would require him to file state and local income tax returns in a number of jurisdictions. AT&T has agreed to reimburse Mr. Stankey for any legal fees he incurs in the defense of
his state and local income tax returns relating to periods when he was CEO of Warner Media. 2022 PROXY 77 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 Option Awards (1) Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexer- cisable (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) ($) Equity Incentive Plans Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (3) (#) Equity Incentive Plans Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (3) ($) STANKEY 2021-2023 Perf. Shares — — 492,188 12,107,825 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 266,497 6,555,826 2020-2022 Perf. Shares – Supplemental Grant — — 138,935 3,417,801 DESROCHES 2021-2023 Perf. Shares — — 218,750 5,381,250 LEE 2021-2023 Perf. Shares — — 146,745 3,609,927 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 100,288 2,467,085 MCATEE 2021-2023 Perf. Shares — — 195,052 4,798,279 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 150,080 3, 691,968 2018 Restricted Stock Units 26,813 659,600 — — 2018 Restricted Stock Units – Supplemental
Grant 6,319 155,447 — — 2019 Restricted Stock Units 41,583 1,022,942 — — 2020 Restricted Stock Units 35,733 879,032 — — 2020 Restricted Stock Units – Retention
Grant 305,085 7,505,091 — — 2021 Restricted Stock Units 46,441 1,142,449 — — MCELFRESH 2021-2023 Perf. Shares — — 309,896 7,623,442 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 162,704 4,002,518 2019 Restricted Stock Award – Retention
Grant 52,812 1,299,175 — — STEPHENS 2,373 — 29.87 2/15/22 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 301,563 7,418,450 STEPHENSON 2020-2022 Perf. Shares — — 589,099 14,491,835 NOTE 1. Stock options were granted based upon the amount of stock purchased by mid-level and above
managers under the Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan, described on page 70. Stock options are not currently offered under the plan. Options were vested at issuance but were not exercisable until the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant or
the termination of employment of the option holder. Options expire ten years after the grant date; however, option terms may be shortened due to termination of employment of the holder. NOTE 2. Mr. McElfresh’s 2019 Restricted Stock Award grant vests in December 2024. Mr. McAtee’s 2020 retention grant of
Restricted Stock Units vests in April 2030. AT&T INC. 78 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES NOTE 3. Performance Shares are paid after the end of the performance period shown for each award.
The actual number of shares paid out is dependent upon the achievement of the related performance objectives and approval of the Committee. In this column, we report the number of outstanding Performance Shares and their theoretical value based on
the price of AT&T stock on December 31, 2021. In calculating the number of Performance Shares and their value, we are required by SEC rules to compare the Company’s performance through 2021 for each outstanding Performance Share grant
against the threshold, target, and maximum performance levels for the grant and report in this column the applicable potential payout amount. If the performance is between levels, we are required to report the potential payout at the next highest level. For example, if the previous fiscal year’s performance exceeded target, even if it is by a small amount and even if it
is highly unlikely that we will pay the maximum amount, we are required by SEC rules to report the awards using the maximum potential payouts. The performance measure for the 2020 and 2021 grants is ROIC with a payout adjustment for relative TSR
achievement. As of the end of 2021, the ROIC achievement for both the 2020 and 2021 grants was above target while the TSR performance was in the fourth quartile of the peer group for both years. As a result, the grants were reported at the maximum
payout for ROIC with a -10% payout adjustment for the TSR performance for both grants. OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED DURING 2021 Option Awards Stock Awards (1) Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) STANKEY 2,326 3,512 321,250 8,296,978 DESROCHES 0 0 52,083 1,499,990 LEE 0 0 112,971 2,888,370 MCATEE 0 0 134,420 3,366,887 MCELFRESH 0 0 151,823 4,007,282 STEPHENS 49,649 94,252 241,393 5,822,390 STEPHENSON 29,345 26,411 429,467 10,358,732 NOTE 1. Included in the above amounts are Restricted Stock Units that vested in
2021, but the payment of which was deferred for certain officers. Restricted Stock Units vest at the earlier of the scheduled vesting date or upon the employee becoming retirement eligible. If the units vest because of retirement eligibility, they
are not distributed until the scheduled vesting date. Restricted Stock Units granted in 2021 to the following NEOs vested at grant because
of their retirement eligibility but will be distributed in prorated payments of 33-1/3% each year in 2022, 2023 and 2024: Mr. Stankey—117,188, Mr. Desroches—52,083, Ms. Lee—34,939, Mr. McElfresh—73,785,
Mr. Stephens—0 and Mr. Stephenson—0. 2022 PROXY 79 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES PENSION BENEFITS (ESTIMATED FOR DECEMBER 31, 2021) Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service (#) Present Value of Accumulated Benefits (1) ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) STANKEY Pension Benefit Plan—Nonbargained Program 36 2,221,936 0 SRIP 19 475,380 0 SERP 34 31,866,738 0 DESROCHES Pension Benefit Plan—WarnerMedia Component Part 9 354,170 0 WarnerMedia Excess Pension Benefit Plan 9 229,944 0 LEE Pension Benefit Plan—Nonbargained Program 24 1,723,478 0 Pension Benefit Make Up Plan 9 72,704 0 SERP 24 11,886,837 0 MCATEE Pension Benefit Plan—MCB Program 9 163,982 0 Pension Benefit Make Up Plan 9 1,368,657 0 MCELFRESH Pension Benefit Plan—Mobility and Southeast Management Programs 26 387,790 0 Pension Benefit Make Up Plan 26 330,753 0 STEPHENS Pension Benefit Plan—Nonbargained Program (2) 28 1,775,783 0 Pension Benefit Make Up Plan 8 65,676 6,023 SRIP 12 311,868 140,225 SERP 27 0 23,398,314 STEPHENSON Pension Benefit Plan—Nonbargained Program 38 0 2,154,723 Pension Benefit Make Up Plan 15 0 7,945 SRIP 22 2,861,682 77,700 SERP 30 0 65,502,669 NOTE 1. Pension benefits reflected in the above table were determined using the methodology and
material assumptions set forth in the 2021 AT&T Annual Report to Stockholders in Note 15 to Consolidated Financial Statements, “Pension and Postretirement Benefits,” except that, as required by SEC regulations, the assumed
retirement age is the specified normal retirement age in the plan unless the plan provides a younger age at which benefits may be received without a discount based on age, in which case the younger age is used. For the Nonbargained Program under the
AT&T Pension Benefit Plan and the Pension Benefit Make Up Plan, the assumed retirement age is the date a participant is at least age 55 and meets the “modified rule of 75,” which requires certain combinations of age and service that
total at least 75. For the Mobility Program, Southeast Management Program and the Management Cash Balance Program under the AT&T Pension Benefit Plan, the assumed retirement age for the cash balance formula is age 65. For the WarnerMedia Component Part and WarnerMedia, LLC Excess Benefit Pension Plan, the assumed retirement age is the date a participant attains age 62. For the
AT&T SRIP and its successor, the 2005 SERP, the assumed retirement age for active employees who have not met their unreduced retirement age as of 12/31/2021 is the earlier of the date the participant (i) reaches age 60, (ii) attains
30 years of service (when an employee may retire without discounts for age), or (iii) has pension accruals frozen. The SRIP/SERP benefits
are reduced for benefits available under the qualified plans and by a specified amount that approximates benefits available under other nonqualified plans included in the table. NOTE 2. Mr. Stephens elected a Benefit Commencement Date of 12/1/2021 and the Plan Administrator distributed the benefit accordingly on
1/17/2022. AT&T INC. 80 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES QUALIFIED PENSION PLAN The AT&T Pension Benefit Plan (the “Plan”), a “qualified pension plan” under the Internal Revenue Code,
provides ongoing pension accruals to most of our employees hired before 2015, including each NEO, except Mr. Desroches. Mr. Desroches has a frozen vested pension benefit under the Plan due to his pre-2010 employment at Time Warner, but he
no longer earns additional pension benefits. The applicable benefit accrual formula depends on the subsidiaries that have employed the participant. Effective January 1, 2015, no new AT&T management employees are eligible for a pension (2016
for DirecTV). However, employees who are not entitled to participate in the pension plan, or whose pension benefits were frozen, receive an enhanced 401(k) benefit. Nonbargained Program Messrs. Stankey, Stephenson, and Stephens, and Ms. Lee, are covered by the Nonbargained Program of the Plan, which is offered
to most of our pre-2007 management employees. Participants in the Nonbargained Program receive the greater of the benefit determined under the CAM formula or the cash balance formula, each of which is described below. CAM Formula For each of the participating
NEOs, the greater benefit comes from the CAM formula, which is reported in the Pension Benefits table. The CAM formula provides an annual benefit equal to 1.6% of the participant’s average pension-eligible compensation (generally, base pay,
commissions, and annual bonuses, but not officer bonuses paid to individuals promoted to officer level before January 1, 2009) for the five years ended December 31, 1999, multiplied by the number of years of service through the end of the
December 31, 1999, averaging period, plus 1.6% of the participant’s pension-eligible compensation for each year from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2021, and 1% of participant’s pension-eligible compensation for each
year thereafter. Employees who meet the “modified rule of 75” and are at least age 55 are eligible to retire without age or service discounts. The “modified rule of 75” establishes retirement eligibility when certain combinations
of age and service total at least 75. Cash Balance Formula The cash balance formula was frozen, except for interest credits, on January 14, 2005. The cash balance formula provided an
accrual equal to 5% of pension-eligible compensation plus monthly interest credits on the participant’s cash balance account. The interest rate is reset quarterly and is equal to the published average annual yield for the 30-year Treasury Bond
as of the middle month of the preceding quarter. The Nonbargained Program permits participants to take the benefit in various actuarially
equivalent forms, including various forms of life annuities. For participants terminating on or after May 25, 2018, and receiving their benefit on or after June 1, 2018, this program permits participants to elect to take the benefit in a
full lump sum calculated as the present value of the annuity. Management Cash Balance Program Mr. McAtee is covered by the MCB Program of the Plan, which is offered to our management employees hired on or after
January 1, 2007 (January 1, 2006 for AT&T Mobility) and before January 1, 2015. After completing one year of service, participants in the MCB Program are entitled to receive a cash balance benefit equal to the monthly credit of an age
graded basic credit formula ranging from 1.75% to 4% of the participant’s pension-eligible compensation and a 2% supplemental credit for eligible compensation in excess of Social Security Wage Base plus monthly interest credit at an effective
annual rate of 4.5% to the participant’s cash balance account. This program permits participants to take the benefit in various actuarially equivalent forms, including an annuity or a lump sum. Mobility and Southeast Management Programs Mr. McElfresh is covered by the Mobility Program, which is also part of the Plan. This program covers employees of AT&T
Mobility that were hired prior to 2006. The Mobility Program is the qualified pension plan previously offered by AT&T Mobility that was merged into the AT&T Pension Benefit Plan. Participants in the Mobility Program are generally entitled to
receive a cash balance benefit equal to the monthly basic benefit credits of 5% of the participant’s pension-eligible compensation (generally, base pay, commissions, and group incentive awards, but not individual awards) plus monthly interest
credits on the participant’s cash balance account. The interest rate for cash balance 2022 PROXY 81 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES credits is reset quarterly and is equal to the published average annual yield for the
30-year Treasury Bond as of the middle month of the preceding quarter. The plan permits participants to take the benefit in various actuarially equivalent forms, including an annuity or a lump sum calculated as the greater of the cash balance
account balance, or the present value of the grandfathered pension benefit annuity. In addition, Mr. McElfresh has a pension
benefit under the Southeast Management Program, also part of the Plan. This benefit accrued during his prior employment period at BellSouth. Going forward, this cash balance account earns only interest credits, with an interest crediting rate for a
specific calendar year indexed to the average annual yield for the 30-year Treasury Bond securities published for the prior year’s November, but not less than the floor interest crediting rate of 3.79%. WarnerMedia Component Part Mr. Desroches has a pension benefit under the WarnerMedia Component Part of the Plan, which accrued during his employment at Time
Warner. Benefit accruals under this Program were frozen December 31, 2013. After such date, the participant’s age and service continue to count only for purposes of determining early retirement factors and retirement eligibility. NONQUALIFIED PENSION PLANS To the extent the Internal Revenue Code places limits on the amounts that may be earned
under a qualified pension plan, managers who are currently accruing pension benefits instead receive these amounts under the nonqualified Pension Benefit Make Up Plan but only for periods prior to the person becoming a participant in the SRIP/SERP,
described below. The Pension Benefit Make Up Plan benefit is paid in the form of a 10-year annuity or in a lump sum if the present value of the annuity is less than $50,000. Mr. Desroches has a frozen benefit under the nonqualified WarnerMedia Excess Pension Benefit Plan. His benefit will be paid in
the form of monthly payments over a ten-year period. In addition, we offer our Executive Officers and other officers (who became
officers prior to 2005) supplemental retirement benefits under the SRIP and, for those serving as officers between 2005-2008, its successor, the 2005 SERP, as additional retention tools. As a result of changes in the tax laws, beginning
December 31, 2004, participants ceased accruing benefits under the SRIP, the original supplemental plan. After December 31, 2004, benefits are earned under the SERP. Participants make separate distribution elections (annuity or lump sum)
for benefits earned and vested before 2005 (under the SRIP) and for benefits accrued during and after 2005 (under the SERP). Elections for the portion of the pension that accrued in and after 2005, however, must have been made when the officer first
participated in the SERP, subject to certain exceptions not applicable to any Executive Officers. Vesting in the SERP requires five years of service (including four years of participation in the SERP). Each of the eligible NEOs is vested in the
SERP. Regardless of the payment form, no benefits under the SERP are payable until six months after termination of employment. An officer’s benefits under these nonqualified pension plans are reduced by:
(1) benefits due under qualified AT&T pension plans and (2) a specific amount that approximates the value of the officer’s benefit under other nonqualified pension plans, determined generally as of December 31, 2008. These
supplemental benefits are neither funded by nor are a part of the qualified pension plan. Messrs. Stankey, Stephenson
and Stephens, and Ms. Lee, are eligible to receive SRIP/SERP benefits. Since January 1, 2009, no new officer has been permitted to participate in the SERP. Calculation of Benefit Under the SRIP/SERP, the target annual retirement benefit is stated as a percentage of a participant’s annual salary and annual
incentive bonus averaged over a specified period described below. The percentage is increased by 0.715% for each year of actual service in excess of, or decreased by 1.43% (0.715% for mid-career hires) for each year of actual service below,
30 years of service. In the event the participant retires before reaching age 60, a discount of 0.5% for each month prior to age 60 is applied to reduce the amount payable under this plan, except for officers who have 30 years or more of
service at the time of retirement. Of the current NEO SERP participants, only Ms. Lee has an age or service discount under this plan at this time. These benefits are also reduced by any amounts participants receive under the AT&T Pension
Benefit Plan (the qualified pension plan) and by a frozen, specific amount that approximates the amount they receive under our AT&T INC. 82 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES other nonqualified pension plans, calculated as if the benefits under these plans were paid in the form of an immediate annuity for life. The salary and bonus used to determine the SRIP/SERP benefit amount is the average of the participant’s salary and actual annual
incentive bonuses earned during the 36-consecutive-month period that results in the highest average earnings that occurs during the 120 months preceding retirement. In some cases, the Committee may require the use of the target bonus, or a
portion of the actual or target bonus, if it believes the actual bonus is not appropriate. Effective June 16, 2018 for Messrs. Stephens and Stankey, the annual earnings used in the SERP’s “highest average earnings” is fixed at
$3.0 million. The target annual retirement percentage is 60% for Messrs. Stankey and Stephenson, 55% for
Mr. Stephens, and 50% for Ms. Lee. Beginning in 2006, the target percentage was limited to 50% for all new participants (see note above on limiting new participants after 2008). If a benefit payment under the plan is delayed by the Company
to comply with Federal law, the delayed amounts will earn interest at the rate the Company uses to accrue the present value of the liability, and the interest will be included in the appropriate column(s) in the “Pension Benefits” table. Messrs. Stankey’s and Stephens’ Benefits Messrs. Stankey’s and Stephens’ SERP benefits were modified in 2019. For purposes of calculating their SERP benefits,
the Company froze their compensation and stopped accruing age and service credits as of December 31, 2019, at which time their benefits were determined as a lump sum amount, which thereafter earns interest. The discount rate for calculating the
lump sum as well as the interest crediting rate is 3.7%. Mr. Stephenson’s Benefit Mr. Stephenson’s SERP benefit was modified in 2010. For purposes of calculating his SERP benefit, the Company froze his
compensation as of June 30, 2010. He stopped accruing age and service credits as of December 31, 2012, at which time his benefit was determined as a lump sum amount, which thereafter earns interest. The discount rate for calculating the
lump sum as well as the interest crediting rate is 5.8%. Ms. Lee’s Benefit Ms. Lee’s SERP benefit will similarly freeze December 31, 2022, when future compensation, age and service credits will
cease. Her benefit will be determined as a lump sum amount, and thereafter earn interest. The discount rate for calculating the lump sum as well as the interest crediting rate is 2.3%. Forms of Payment Annuity Participants may receive benefits as an annuity payable for the greater of the life of the participant or ten years. If the
participant dies within ten years after leaving the Company, then payments for the balance of the ten years will be paid to the participant’s beneficiary. Alternatively, the participant may elect to have the annuity payable for life
with 100% or 50% payable upon his or her death to his or her beneficiary for the beneficiary’s life. The amounts paid under each alternative (and the lump sum alternative described below) are actuarially equivalent. As noted above, separate
distribution elections are made for pre-2005 benefits and 2005 and later benefits. Lump Sum Participants may elect that upon retirement at age 55 or later to receive the actuarially determined net present value of the benefit
as a lump sum, rather than in the form of an annuity. Participants may also elect to take all or part of the net present value over a fixed period of years elected by the participant, not to exceed 20 years, earning interest at the same discount
rate. A participant is not permitted to receive more than 30% of the net present value of the benefit before the third anniversary of the termination of employment, unless he or she is at least 60 years old at termination, in which case the
participant may receive 100% of the net present value of the benefit as early as six months after the termination of employment. Eligible participants electing to receive more than 30% of the net present value of the benefit within 36 months of
their termination must enter into a written noncompetition agreement with us and agree to forfeit and repay the lump sum if they breach that agreement. 2022 PROXY 83 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS The NEOs who retire after age 55 with at least five years of service (10 years of
service for NEOs hired on or after October 1, 2015) or who are retirement eligible under the “modified rule of 75” continue to receive the benefits shown in the following table after retirement, except that of the NEOs, only
Mr. Stephenson is entitled to receive executive health coverage after retirement. Benefits that are available generally to managers are omitted from the table. All the NEOs except for Mr. McAtee are currently retirement eligible. Financial counseling benefits will be made available to the Executive Officers for 36 months following retirement or, in the event of
the Executive Officer’s death, to the surviving spouse for one year after death, whichever occurs first. We do not reimburse taxes on personal benefits for Executive Officers, other than certain non-deductible relocation costs, which along with
the tax reimbursement, we make available to nearly all management employees. Through December 31, 2017, the executive health coverage supplemented the group health plan. Effective January 1, 2018, the executive
health coverage is the primary and sole health coverage for eligible participants. The coverage is provided to Mr. Stephenson post-employment based on eligibility provisions that existed before he became CEO. During their employment, officers
are subject to an annual deductible on health benefits, co-insurance, and must pay a portion of the premium. Officers who are eligible to receive the executive health coverage in retirement have no annual deductible or co-insurance, but they must
pay larger premiums. In addition, we also provide communications services and products; however, to the extent the service is provided by AT&T, it is typically provided at little or no incremental cost. These benefits are subject to amendment. OTHER
POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS Personal Benefit Estimated Amount (valued at our incremental cost) Financial counseling Maximum of $14,000 per year for 36 months Financial counseling provided in connection with retirement Maximum of $20,000 total Estate planning Maximum of $10,000 per year for 36 months Communication benefits Average of $4,118 annually, excluding one-time set-up costs Health coverage (Mr. Stephenson only) Estimated at $46,200 annually, which is in
addition to required contributions from the employee In the event of the officer’s death, the officer’s unvested Restricted Stock
Units and Restricted Stock, if any, will vest, and outstanding Performance Shares will pay out at 100% of target. As a result, if an active NEO had died at the end of 2021, the amounts of Restricted Stock Units and/or Restricted Stock, as
applicable, that would have been vested and distributed include: Mr. McAtee–$11,364,561 and Mr. McElfresh–$1,299,175. If an active NEO had died at the end of 2021, the amounts of Performance Shares that would have distributed are
as follows: Mr. Stankey–$15,772,462; Mr. Desroches–$3,843,750; Ms. Lee–$4,340,719; Mr. McAtee–$6,064,466; Mr. McElfresh–$8,304,246; Mr. Stephens–$5,298,889 and
Mr. Stephenson–$10,351,311. In addition, in the event of termination of employment due to disability, unvested
Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock, if any, will also vest; however, Restricted Stock Units will not pay out until their scheduled vesting distribution times. End-of-year amounts for Messrs. McAtee and McElfresh and are shown above. Conversely,
Performance Shares will not be accelerated in the event of a termination due to disability but will be paid without proration, based solely on the achievement of the pre-determined performance goals. We pay recoverable premiums on split-dollar life insurance that provides a specified death benefit to beneficiaries of each NEO. The
benefit is equal to one times salary during the officer’s employment, except for the CEO who receives two times salary. After retirement, for officers who first participated beginning in 1998, the death benefit remains one times salary until he
or she reaches age 66; the benefit is then reduced by 10% each year until age 70, when the benefit becomes one-half of his or her final AT&T INC. 84 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES salary. For officers who participated prior to 1998, including Messrs. Stephenson and Stephens, the post-retirement death benefit is one times salary. In addition, managers who were officers
prior to 1998 are entitled to additional one times salary death benefit while employed and during retirement. In addition to the
foregoing, each of the active NEOs purchased optional additional split-dollar life insurance coverage equal to two times salary, which is subsidized by the Company. If the policies are not fully funded upon the retirement of the officer, we continue
to pay our portion of the premiums until they are fully funded. The officer’s premium obligation ends at age 65. Mr. Stephens elected to take his death benefits in the form of a ten-year
Company-paid annuity payable after death, using an 11% discount rate based on 185% of the value of the death benefits. The increase in the value of the death benefits is to offset the income taxes that will result from the Company-paid benefit that
would not be applicable in the case of insurance payments. This alternative payment method was available only to officers who elected the annuity before 1998. If Mr. Stephens had passed away at the end of 2021, his annual death benefit for ten
years would have been $1,430,254. 2022 PROXY 85 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION Name Plan (1) Executive Contributions in Last FY (2) ($) Registrant Contributions in Last FY (2) ($) Aggregate Earnings in Last FY (2)(3) ($) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) Aggregate Balance at Last FYE (2) ($) STANKEY Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan — — (105,434 ) — 1,217,167 Cash Deferral Plan — — 7,128 — 259,042 DESROCHES WarnerMedia Supplemental Savings Plan 599,877 14,700 311,496 — 5,098,514 LEE Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan 45,000 31,080 (12,428 ) 78,199 195,286 MCATEE Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan 2,064,375 461,355 (64,732 ) 2,374,132 2,349,417 MCELFRESH Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan 516,250 137,030 (143,286 ) — 1,724,380 Cash Deferral Plan — — 13,112 — 476,492 STEPHENS Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan 2,261,875 457,205 (406,229 ) 3,102,954 6,704,618 STEPHENSON Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan 2,137,500 427,500 (435,639 ) 5,825,317 8,568,792 Cash Deferral Plan — — 173,724 — 6,313,362 NOTE 1. Amounts attributed to the Stock Purchase and Deferral Plan, Cash Deferral Plan or WM Supplemental Savings
Plan also include amounts from their predecessor plans. No further contributions are permitted under the predecessor plans. NOTE 2. Of the
amounts reported in the contributions and earnings columns and also included in the aggregate balance column in the table above, the following amounts are reported as compensation for 2021 in the “Summary Compensation Table”:
Mr. Stankey—$4,091, Mr. Desroches—$14,700, Ms. Lee—$76,080, Mr. McAtee—$851,355 Mr. McElfresh—$343,306, Mr. Stephens—$557,830, and Mr. Stephenson—$527,215. Of the amounts reported in the
aggregate balance column, the following aggregate amounts were previously reported in the “Summary Compensation Table” for 2020 and 2019, combined: Mr. Stankey—$3,888, Mr. McAtee—$1,674,375, McElfresh—$1,048,698,
Mr. Stephens—$4,984,254, and Mr. Stephenson—$3,664,733. NOTE 3. Aggregate Earnings include interest, dividend equivalents,
and stock price appreciation/depreciation. The “Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” column of the “Summary Compensation Table” includes only the interest that exceeds the SEC market rate, as
shown in Note 3 to the “Summary Compensation Table”. AT&T INC. 86 2022 PROXY Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES STOCK PURCHASE AND DEFERRAL PLAN (SPDP) Under the SPDP and its predecessor plan, mid-level managers and above may annually elect to defer up to 30% of their salary and annual
bonus (WarnerMedia employees have a separate deferral plan and do not participate in the SPDP or the CDP). Officers, including the eligible NEOs, may defer up to 95% of their short-term award, which is similar to, and paid in lieu of, the annual
bonus paid to other management employees. In addition, the Committee may approve other contributions to the plan. Contributions are made through payroll deductions and are used to purchase AT&T deferred share units (each representing the right
to receive a share of AT&T stock) at fair market value on a tax-deferred basis. Participants receive a 20% match in the form of additional deferred share units; however, with respect to short-term awards, officer level participants receive the
20% match only on the purchase of deferred share units that represent no more than their target awards. In addition, the Company provides “makeup” matching contributions in the form of additional deferred share units in order to generally
offset the loss of match in the 401(k) plan caused by participation in the SPDP and the CDP, and to provide match on compensation that exceeds Federal compensation limits for 401(k) plans. The makeup match is an 80% match on contributions from the
first 6% of salary and bonus (the same rate as used in the Company’s principal 401(k) plan), reduced by the amount of matching contributions the employee is eligible to receive (regardless of actual participation) in the Company’s 401(k)
plan. (For certain managers hired after January 1, 2015, the 401(k) match and SPDP/CDP makeup match is 133-1/3% on contributions from the first 3% of salary and bonus and 100% for the next 3%.) Officer level employees do not receive a makeup
match on the contribution of their short-term awards. Deferrals are distributed in AT&T stock at times elected by the participant. For salary deferrals prior to 2011 and bonus deferrals prior to 2012, in lieu of the 20% match, participants
received two stock options for each deferred share unit acquired. Each stock option had an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. CASH DEFERRAL PLAN (CDP) Managers who defer at least 6% of salary in the SPDP may also defer up to 50% (25% in the case of mid-level managers) of salary into
the CDP. Similarly, managers that defer 6% of bonuses in the SPDP may also defer bonuses in the CDP, subject to the same deferral limits as for salary; however, officer level managers may defer up to 95% of their short-term award into the CDP
without a corresponding SPDP deferral. In addition, the Committee may approve other contributions to the plan. We pay interest at the Moody’s Long-Term Corporate Bond Yield Average for the preceding September (the Moody’s rate ), a
common index used by companies. Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, we include in the “Summary Compensation Table” under “Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” any earnings on deferred
compensation that exceed a rate determined in accordance with SEC rules. Deferrals are distributed at times elected by the participant. Similarly, under its predecessor plan, managers could defer salary and incentive compensation to be paid at times
selected by the participant. No deferrals were permitted under the prior plan after 2004. Account balances in the prior plan are credited with interest at a rate determined annually by the Company, which will be no less than the prior September
Moody’s rate. WARNERMEDIA SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN (SSP) As an eligible WarnerMedia employee in December 2019, Mr. Desroches elected SSP deferrals of his 2021 compensation. This
nonqualified restoration savings plan allows U.S. salaried WarnerMedia employees who earn eligible cash compensation in excess of the IRS compensation limit for tax-qualified plans to make additional pre-tax deferrals to notional investment options
that mirror most of the 401(k) funds: up to 50% contributions for compensation up to $500,000 and up to 90% for compensation above $500,000. The Company matches contributions up to the first 6% of deferred compensation between the compensation limit
and $500,000, with no match for deferred compensation above $500,000. The matching rate is 133-1/3% on the first 3% of amounts deferred and 100% on the next 3% of deferrals, equating to a maximum 7% match up to $500,000 of compensation. 2022 PROXY 87 AT&T INC. Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES AT&T SEVERANCE POLICY Under the AT&T Severance Policy, the Company will not provide severance benefits to
an Executive Officer that exceed 2.99 times the officer’s annual base salary, plus target bonus, unless the excess payment receives prior stockholder approval or is ratified by stockholders at a regularly scheduled annual meeting within the following 15 months. POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON CHANGE IN CONTROL Change in Control An acquisition in our industry can take a year or more to complete, and during that time it is critical that the Company have
continuity of its leadership. If we are in the process of being acquired, our officers may have concerns about their employment with the new company. Our Change in Control Severance Plan offers benefits so that our officers may focus on the
Company’s business without the distraction of searching for new employment. The Change in Control Severance Plan covers our officers, including the NEOs. Description of Change in Control Severance Plan The Change in Control Severance Plan provides an officer who is terminated or otherwise leaves our Company for “good reason”
after a change in control a payment equal to 2.99 times the sum of the executive’s most recent salary and target annual bonus for the fiscal year in which the Change in Control occurs. The Company is not responsible for the payment of excise
taxes (or taxes on such payments). In 2014, the Company eliminated health, life insurance and financial counseling benefits from the plan. “Good reason” means, in general, assignment of duties inconsistent with the executive’s title or status; a substantial
adverse change in the nature or status of the executive’s responsibilities; a reduction in pay; or failure to pay compensation or continue benefits. For the CEO, we eliminated a provision that defined “good reason” to include a good
faith determination by the executive within 90 days of the change in control that he or she is not able to discharge his or her duties effectively. Under the plan, a change in control occurs: (a) if anyone (other than one of our employee benefit plans) acquires more than 20%
of AT&T’s common stock, (b) if within a two-year period, the Directors at the beginning of the period (together with any new Directors elected or nominated for election by a two-thirds majority of Directors
then in office who were Directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease to constitute a majority of the Board, (c) upon consummation of a merger where AT&T Inc. is
one of the merging entities and where persons other than the AT&T stockholders immediately before the merger hold more than 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity, or (d) upon our stockholders’ approval of a plan of complete
liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Company’s assets. If a change in control and a subsequent termination of employment of the NEOs had occurred at the end of 2021 in accordance with the
Change in Control Severance Plan, the following estimated severance payments would have been paid in a lump sum. POTENTIAL
CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PAYMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 Name Severance ($) STANKEY 23,920,000 DESROCHES 11,960,000 LEE 6,279,000 MCATEE 10,913,500 MCELFRESH 8,970,000 None of the NEOs hold stock awards that would be subject to automatic vesting in connection with a
change in control. AT&T INC. 88 2022 PROXY Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABILITY
OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS A copy of AT&T’s Annual Report to the SEC on Form 10-K for the year 2021
may be obtained without charge upon written request to AT&T Stockholder Services, 208 S. Akard, Room 1830, Dallas, Texas 75202. AT&T’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics, and Committee Charters for the following committees
may be viewed online at https://investors.att.com and are also available in print to anyone who requests them (contact AT&T Stockholder Services at the above address): Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee, Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, Corporate Development and Finance Committee, Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee, and Executive Committee. STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINEES If a stockholder wishes to present a proposal (other than pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-8)
or nominate a person for election as a Director at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (other than pursuant to the proxy access provisions of the Company’s Bylaws), such proposal or nomination must be received by the Senior Vice President,
Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T at 208 S. Akard, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas 75202 not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days before the anniversary of the prior Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Since the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders will be held on May 19, 2022, written notice of any such proposal or nomination must be received by the Company no earlier than January 19, 2023, and no later than February 18, 2023. In addition, such proposal or nomination must meet
certain other requirements and provide such additional information as provided in the advance notice provisions of the Company’s Bylaws. A copy of the Company’s Bylaws may be obtained without charge from the Senior Vice President, Deputy
General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T. Special notice provisions apply under the Bylaws if the date of the Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or 70 days after the anniversary date. In addition to satisfying the deadlines in the advance
notice provisions of the Company’s Bylaws, a stockholder who intends to solicit proxies in support of nominees submitted under these advance notice provisions must provide the notice required under Exchange Act Rule 14a-19 to the Senior Vice
President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T no later than March 20, 2023. Stockholder proposals intended to be included in the proxy materials for the 2023 Annual Meeting pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 14a-8 must be received by November 22, 2022. Such proposals should be sent in writing by courier or certified mail to the Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T at 208 S. Akard Street, Suite
2954, Dallas, Texas 75202. Stockholder proposals that are sent to any other person or location or by any other means may not be received in a timely
manner. Nominations for a Director intended for inclusion in the Company’s proxy materials
for the 2023 Annual Meeting made in accordance with the proxy access provisions of the Company’s Bylaws must be received by the Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T at 208 S. Akard, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas
75202 not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days before the anniversary of the date that the Company mailed its Proxy Statement for the prior year’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. For the 2023 Annual Meeting, written notice of any such
nomination must be received by the Company no earlier than October 23, 2022 and no later than November 22, 2022. Nominations for
a Director intended for inclusion in the Company’s proxy materials for the 2023 Annual Meeting must be made in accordance with the proxy access provisions of the Company’s Bylaws and such nomination must be received by the Senior Vice
President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of AT&T at 208 S. Akard, Suite 2954, Dallas, Texas 75202 not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days before the anniversary of the date that the Company mailed its Proxy Statement for the prior
year’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. For the 2023 Annual Meeting, written notice of any such nomination must be received by the Company no earlier than October 23, 2022 and no later than November 22, 2022. HOUSEHOLDING INFORMATION No more than one annual report and Proxy Statement will be sent to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless AT&T has
received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders at that address. Stockholders may request a separate copy of the most recent annual report and/or the Proxy Statement by writing the transfer agent at: Computershare Trust Company,
N.A., P.O. Box 43078, 2022 PROXY 89 AT&T INC. Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION Providence, RI 02940-3078, or by calling (800) 351-7221. Stockholders calling from
outside the United States may call (781) 575-4729. Requests will be responded to promptly. Stockholders sharing an address who desire to receive multiple copies, or who wish to receive only a single copy, of the annual report and/or the Proxy
Statement may write or call the transfer agent at the above address or phone numbers to request a change. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS AT&T’s Executive Officers and Directors are required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to file reports of transactions
and holdings in AT&T common stock with the SEC. Because of the complex nature of the forms, AT&T files the reports on behalf of the Executive Officers and Directors. Based solely on a review of the filed reports made during or with
respect to the preceding year, AT&T believes that all Executive Officers and Directors were in compliance with the filing requirements applicable to such Executive Officers and Directors except as follows. Due to a miscommunication, a
report of a purchase by Mr. Luczo was filed two days late. COST OF PROXY
SOLICITATION The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by AT&T. Officers, agents and employees
of AT&T and its subsidiaries and other solicitors retained by AT&T may, by letter, by telephone or in person, make additional requests for the return of proxies and may receive proxies on behalf of AT&T. Brokers, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting material to the beneficial owners of shares and will be reimbursed for their expenses. AT&T has retained
D. F. King & Co., Inc. to aid in the solicitation of proxies at a fee of $24,500, plus expenses. AT&T INC. 90 2022 PROXY Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION CEO PAY RATIO We determined the pay ratio by dividing the total 2021 compensation of the CEO as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table
by the total 2021 compensation of the median employee, using the same components of compensation and valuation methodology as used in the Summary Compensation Table for the CEO. The total compensation of our median employee is $107,570. The final pay ratio calculation is 231:1. Determination of CEO Pay Ratio Step 1 Total compensation of the CEO 1 $24,820,879 Step 2 Total compensation of the median employee 2 $     107,570 Step 3 Divide compensation of the CEO by the median employee 230.7 Result CEO pay ratio 231:1 1 Includes the value of Mr. Stankey’s health benefits. 2 Includes the cost of group health and welfare benefits. Our median employee for 2021 was determined using the compensation of employees who were actively employed on November 15, 2021
(the Measurement Date, changed from October 1 in the prior year to exclude the Vrio employees who left the business on November 14th, 2021 ). We used cash compensation through November 15, 2021 to determine the median employee. Determination of Number of Employees for Selection of Median
Employee Using the Measurement Date of November 15, 2021 Step 1 Identify all active employees globally excluding the CEO 199,329 Step 2 Exclude all non-US based employees except
those in the 5 foreign countries with our largest employee populations (8,941 ) Result Employees used to determine the median
employee 190,388 2022 PROXY 91 AT&T INC. Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION DETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF GLOBAL EMPLOYEES USING THE
MEASUREMENT DATE OF NOVEMBER 15, 2021 Step 1 Identify all active US-based employees 160,069 Step 2 Identify all active non-US based employees in foreign countries with our largest employee populations: 30,319 Mexico 20,420 United Kingdom 3,343 Slovakia 2,787 India 2,490 Czech Republic 1,279 Step 3 Identify all active non-US based employees
in the other 57 foreign countries: 8,941 Argentina 1,242 Australia 171 Austria 9 Belgium 116 Brazil 675 Bulgaria 59 Canada 730 Chile 405 China 97 Colombia 206 Costa Rica 209 Croatia 11 Denmark 75 Egypt 2 El Salvador 1 Finland 25 France 444 Germany 575 Greece 3 Guatemala 2 Hong Kong 258 Hungary 209 Indonesia 2 Iraq 1 Ireland 51 Israel 438 Italy 233 Japan 342 Jordan 1 Lebanon 2 Lithuania 1 Malaysia 402 Netherlands 265 New Zealand 30 Norway 14 Pakistan 3 Panama 11 Peru 2 Philippines 52 Poland 214 Portugal 12 Republic of Serbia 2 Romania 25 Russian Federation 13 Singapore 509 Slovenia 2 South Africa 10 South Korea 67 Spain 297 Sweden 161 Switzerland 50 Taiwan 41 Thailand 14 Turkey 37 Uruguay 5 Emirates 75 Venezuela 33 Result Total number of active global employees excluding
the CEO 199,329 AT&T INC. 92 2022 PROXY Table of Contents ANNEX A Discussion and
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures We believe the following measures are relevant and
useful information to investors as they are part of AT&T’s internal management reporting and planning processes and are important metrics that management uses to evaluate the operating performance of AT&T and its segments. Management
also uses these measures as a method of comparing performance with that of many of our competitors. These measures should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations and cash distributions from DIRECTV (classified as investing activities) minus
capital expenditures. Free cash flow after dividends is defined as cash from operations and cash distributions from DIRECTV (classified as investing activities) minus capital expenditures and dividends on common and preferred shares. Free cash flow
dividend payout ratio is defined as the percentage of dividends paid on common and preferred shares to free cash flow. We believe these metrics provide useful information to our investors because management views free cash flow as an important
indicator of how much cash is generated by routine business operations, including capital expenditures, and from our continued economic interest in the U.S. video operations as part of our DIRECTV equity method investment, and makes decisions based
on it. Management also views free cash flow as a measure of cash available to pay debt and return cash to shareowners. Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow Dividend Payout Ratio Dollars in millions Year Ended 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 41,957 Distributions from DIRECTV classified as investing activities 1,323 Less: Capital expenditures (16,527 ) Free Cash Flow 26,753 Less: Dividends paid (15,068 ) Free Cash Flow after Dividends $ 11,685 Free Cash Flow Dividend Payout
Ratio 56.3 % Cash Paid for Gross Capital Investment In connection with capital improvements, we negotiate with some of our vendors to obtain favorable payment terms of 120 days or more,
referred to as vendor financing, which are excluded from capital expenditures and reported in accordance with GAAP as financing activities. We present an additional view of cash paid for gross capital investment to provide investors with a
comprehensive view of cash used to invest in our networks, product developments and support systems, excluding FirstNet reimbursements. Cash Paid for Gross Capital Investment Dollars in millions Year Ended 2021 Capital Expenditures $ (16,527 ) Cash paid for vendor financing (4,596 ) FirstNet reimbursement (515 ) Gross Capital Investment $ (21,638 ) Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Information set forth in this proxy statement contains financial estimates and other forward-looking statements that are subject to
risks and uncertainties, and actual results might differ materially. A discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in AT&T’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included
in this proxy statement are made only as of the date of this proxy statement. AT&T disclaims any obligation to update and revise the forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement based on new information or otherwise. 2022 PROXY A-1 AT&T INC. Table of Contents RECOGNITION: • 3BL Media 100 Best Corporate Citizens; 2011-2021 • Bloomberg Gender Equality Index; 2018-2022 • CDP Climate Change Leadership Level (A-); 2016-2021 • CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability Trendsetter; 2019-2021 • Disability:IN 100% Disability Equality Index; 2021 • DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity; 2001, 2007-2019, 2021 Top Companies for ESG;
2020-2021 Hall of Fame; 2020-2021 • Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America; 2010-2013,
2017-2021 • Ethisphere World’s Most Ethical Companies; 2020-2022 • Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies; 2009-2010, 2012, 2014-2015, 2017-2021 • Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility Corporate Inclusion Index; 2009-2021 • Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index; 2004-2021 • JUST Capital America’s Most JUST Companies (JUST 100); 2018-2022 Top 100 Companies Supporting
Healthy Families and Communities; 2019, 2021 • National Organization on Disability Leading Disability
Employer; 2017-2021 • Newsweek America’s Most Responsible Companies; 2020-2022 • Points of Light The Civic 50; 2012-2021 Table of Contents AT&T Inc._ One AT&T Plaza Whitacre Tower_ 208 S. Akard Street Dallas, TX 75202_ www.att.com Table of Contents 9800 C123456789 ADAM SAMPLE YOUR VOTE IS
IMPORTANT Votes submitted electronically must be received before the polls close on May 19, 2022. 1234 S. ILLINOIS ST. APT 123 LYNN MA 01901 SCAN the QR code or visit www.envisionreports.com/att to vote your shares CALL 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the US, its territories, and Canada 2022 ANNUAL MEETING – PROXY CARD i IF VOTING BY MAIL, SIGN, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM
PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR ALL THE NOMINEES LISTED: 1. Election of Directors: For Against Abstain For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 01 - Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr. ☐ ☐ ☐ 06 - Stephen J. Luczo ☐ ☐ ☐ 11 - Cynthia B. Taylor ☐ ☐ ☐ 02 - Scott T. Ford ☐ ☐ ☐ 07 - Michael B. McCallister ☐ ☐ ☐ 12 - Luis A. Ubiñas ☐ ☐ ☐ 03 - Glenn H. Hutchins ☐ ☐ ☐ 08 - Beth E. Mooney ☐ ☐ ☐ 13 - Geoffrey Y. Yang ☐ ☐ ☐ 04 - William E. Kennard ☐ ☐ ☐ 09 - Matthew K. Rose ☐ ☐ ☐ 05 - Debra L. Lee ☐ ☐ ☐ 10 - John T. Stankey ☐ ☐ ☐ THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSALS 2 AND 3: For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 2. Ratification of the appointment of independent auditors ☐ ☐ ☐ 3. Advisory approval of executive compensation ☐ ☐ ☐ THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST PROPOSALS 4-7: For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 4. Improve executive compensation program ☐ ☐ ☐ 5. Independent board chairman ☐ ☐ ☐ 6. Political congruency report ☐ ☐ ☐ 7. Civil rights and non-discrimination audit ☐ ☐ ☐ C  1234567890             J N T 1 U P X    C O Y M T G MR A SAMPLE (THIS AREA IS SET UP TO ACCOMMODATE 140 CHARACTERS) MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR
A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND MR A SAMPLE AND 03KOEP Table of Contents i IF VOTING BY MAIL, SIGN, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM
PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - PROXY SOLICITED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS
FOR ANNUAL MEETING – MAY 19, 2022 The undersigned hereby appoints William E. Kennard, John T. Stankey and Pascal Desroches, and each of them, proxies, with full power of substitution, to vote all common shares of the undersigned in AT&T Inc. at the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held virtually on May 19, 2022, and at any adjournment thereof, upon all subjects that may properly come before the meeting, including the matters described in the proxy statement furnished herewith, in accordance
with the directions indicated on the reverse side of this card or provided through the telephone or Internet proxy procedures, and at the discretion of the proxies on any other matters that may properly come before the meeting. If specific voting directions are not given with respect to the matters to be acted upon and the signed card is returned, it
will be treated as an instruction to vote such shares in accordance with the Directors’ recommendations on the matters listed on the reverse side of this card and at the discretion of the proxies on any other matters that may properly come
before the meeting. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all nominees, FOR Items 2 and 3, and AGAINST the stockholder
proposals (Items 4-7) listed on the reverse side of this card (each of which is described in the proxy statement). The Board of Directors knows of no other matters that are to be presented at the meeting. Please sign below and return promptly in the enclosed envelope or, if you choose, you can submit your proxy by telephone, through the Internet or mail it to
Computershare, PO Box 505044, Louisville KY 40233-9720. This proxy card, when signed and returned, or your telephone or Internet proxy, will also constitute voting instructions to the (a) plan administrator for shares held on your behalf
pursuant to The DirectSERVICE Investment Program (dividend reinvestment plan) and (b) plan administrator or trustee for shares held on your behalf under any of the following employee benefit plans: the AT&T Retirement Savings Plan; the
AT&T Savings and Security Plan; the AT&T Puerto Rico Retirement Savings Plan; and the BellSouth Savings and Security Plan. Shares in the employee benefit plans, for which voting instructions are not received ( uninstructed shares) will not be voted, subject to the trustee’s fiduciary obligations. To allow sufficient time for voting by the trustees and/or administrators of the plans, your voting instructions must be received by May 16, 2022. NON-VOTING ITEMS Change of Address – Please print new address below. AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES – THIS SECTION MUST BE COMPLETED FOR YOUR VOTE TO COUNT; PLEASE DATE AND SIGN BELOW. Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator,
corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) – Please print date below. Signature 1 – Please keep signature within the box. Signature 2 – Please keep signature within the box. /        /