DEF 14A 1 ldhr2021_def14a.htm DANAHER CORP - DEF 14A DANAHER CORPORATION DEF 14A UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed
    by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule
    14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to § 240.14a-12 DANAHER CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement,
if other than the Registrant) Payment
    of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and
    0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which
the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange
    Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing
    by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: NOTICE OF 2021 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1. To elect the twelve directors named in the attached Proxy
    Statement to hold office until the 2022 annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. 2. To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Danaher’s independent
    registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2021. 3. To approve on an advisory basis the Company’s named executive officer
    compensation. 4. To act upon a shareholder proposal requesting that Danaher amend its governing
    documents to reduce the percentage of shares required for shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders from
    25% to 10%. 5. To consider and act upon such other business as may properly come before
    the meeting or at any postponement or adjournment thereof. WHO CAN VOTE Shareholders of Danaher Common Stock at the close of business
on March 8, 2021. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE, WHETHER
OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING. A list of shareholders of record will be available during the
meeting for inspection by shareholders of record for any legally valid purpose related to the annual meeting at the meeting center
site at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2021. DATE OF MAILING We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy
Materials (“Notice of Internet Availability”), or the Proxy Statement and proxy card as applicable, to our shareholders
on or about March 25, 2021. By order of the Board of Directors, JAMES F. O’REILLY Vice President, Deputy General Counsel
and Secretary MAY 5, 2021 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time Place There is no physical location for Danaher’s 2021 Annual
Meeting. Shareholders may instead attend virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2021. REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS: VIA
                                                                                           THE INTERNET Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet
        Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form BY
                                                                               TELEPHONE Call the telephone number on your proxy card or voting
        instruction form BY
                                                                               MAIL Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction
        form in the enclosed envelope Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or the information
forwarded by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary to see which voting methods are available to you. ATTENDING THE MEETING To attend the virtual meeting, you will need to enter the 16-digit
control number included on your proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or voting instruction form. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT II IMPORTANT NOTICE Regarding the
Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on May 5, 2021. This Proxy Statement and the accompanying
Annual Report are available free of charge at: https://materials.proxyvote.com/235851 or investors.danaher.com/annual-report-and-proxy . PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 04 PROPOSAL 1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS OF DANAHER 13 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 19 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 28 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 30 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF DANAHER COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS
    AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 32 PROPOSAL 2 – RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
    ACCOUNTING FIRM 34 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 36 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 37 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 52 COMPENSATION
    TABLES AND INFORMATION 53 SUMMARY OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND PLANS 69 PROPOSAL 3 – ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER
    COMPENSATION 76 PROPOSAL 4 – SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING THAT DANAHER
    AMEND ITS GOVERNING DOCUMENTS TO REDUCE PERCENTAGE OF SHARES REQUIRED FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CALL SPECIAL MEETING
    OF SHAREHOLDERS FROM 25% TO 10% 78 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 80 OTHER INFORMATION 84 Back to Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at
our 2021 Annual Meeting, below is summary information regarding the meeting, each proposal to be voted upon at the meeting and
Danaher Corporation’s business performance, corporate governance, sustainability program and executive compensation. The
following description is only a summary and does not contain all of the information you should consider before voting. For
more information about these topics, please review Danaher’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2020 and the complete Proxy Statement. In this Proxy Statement, the terms “Danaher” or the “Company” refer
to Danaher Corporation, Danaher Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries or the consolidated subsidiaries of Danaher
Corporation, as the context requires. All financial data in this Proxy Statement refers to continuing operations unless otherwise
indicated. 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders TIME AND DATE LOCATION RECORD DATE 3:00 p.m. Eastern time Wednesday, May 5, 2021 www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2021 March 8, 2021 Voting Matters Proposal Description Board Recommendation PROPOSAL
    1 – Election of directors (page 13) We are asking our shareholders to elect each of the twelve directors identified
    below to serve until the 2022 Annual Meeting of shareholders. FOR each
    nominee PROPOSAL
    2 – Ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm (page 34) We are asking our shareholders to ratify our Audit Committee’s selection
    of Ernst & Young LLP (“E&Y”) to act as the independent registered public accounting firm for Danaher for
    2021. Although our shareholders are not required to approve the selection of E&Y, our Board believes that it is advisable
    to give our shareholders an opportunity to ratify this selection. FOR PROPOSAL
    3 – Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation (page 76) We are asking our shareholders to cast a non-binding, advisory vote on
    the compensation of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table (the “named executive officers”
    or “NEOs”). In evaluating this year’s “say on pay” proposal, we recommend that you review our
    Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which explains how and why the Compensation Committee of our Board arrived at its executive
    compensation actions and decisions for 2020. FOR PROPOSAL
    4 – Shareholder proposal (page 78) You are being asked to consider a shareholder proposal requesting that
    Danaher amend its governing documents to reduce the percentage of shares required for shareholders to call a special meeting
    of shareholders from 25% to 10%. AGAINST Please see the sections titled “General Information About
the Meeting” and “Other Information” beginning on page 80 for important information about the proxy materials,
voting, the Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit shareholder proposals and director nominations
for next year’s annual meeting of shareholders. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 04 Back to Contents Business Highlights 2020 Performance COVID-19
    RESPONSE The COVID-19 pandemic posed an unprecedented challenge to our
business in 2020, and in response we have focused on the health and well-being of our associates, mitigating disruptions to our
businesses and deploying the full breadth of our portfolio in the fight against the virus: Developed and Implemented a Pandemic Response Plan To mitigate disruptions to our business, we developed and implemented
    a Pandemic Response Plan which builds upon our businesses’ existing business continuity plans. The Pandemic Response
    Plan leverages CDC and WHO guidance to establish a flexible framework within which our operating companies have the discretion
    to act according to local needs, regulatory guidance and requirements, while mandating certain Company-wide policies where
    appropriate. Provided
    Crucial Support in the Fight Against COVID-19 Danaher’s businesses have stepped up to provide crucial support
    in the fight against COVID-19: • As of March 1, 2021, our businesses have collectively enabled
    or produced approximately 100 million COVID-19-related diagnostic tests. • Healthcare providers are using Beckman Coulter’s antibody serology
    test to diagnose COVID-19 immune status, supporting both individual health decisions as well as population-based immunity
    monitoring. • Radiometer’s point-of-care blood gas analyzers have been critical
    tools for emergency rooms dealing with surges of infected patients. • Pall’s and Cytiva’s bioprocessing products are being used
    in a significant number of the COVID-19 related vaccine and therapeutic projects underway globally as of March 1, 2021. Supporting
    Our Associates We launched a global Employee Assistance Program in March 2020 to ensure
    a consistent support structure for mental health and well-being across the Company and expanded the program over the course
    of 2020 to provide enhanced support with respect to childcare, eldercare and tutoring, among other areas. In the U.S., we
    have provided benefits beyond the requirements of the Families First Act, for example by extending our leave policy to cover
    elder care and providing for voluntary leaves even in certain circumstances not required by the law. We have implemented safety
    precautions on a facility-specific basis, such as work-from-home requirements where feasible and in many cases staggered work
    shifts, restricted work zones and daily temperature screenings. The results of our 2020 Associate Engagement Survey validate
    the impact of these efforts: 88% of surveyed associates felt satisfied with Danaher’s efforts to care for associates
    during the pandemic, while 93% of surveyed associates agreed that their leaders took actions to maintain a safe work environment. BUSINESS PERFORMANCE Notwithstanding the pandemic, in 2020 Danaher: • continued to invest in future growth, investing $1.3 billion
    in research and development and acquiring the Cytiva business (previously the Biopharma business of General Electric Company’s
    (“GE”) Life Sciences division) from GE for a cash purchase price of approximately $20.7 billion; • returned approximately $500 million to common stockholders through cash
    dividends (marking the 28 th year in a row Danaher has paid a dividend on its common stock); and • grew our business on a year-over-year basis as illustrated below: 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 05 Back to Contents Long-Term Performance We believe a long-term performance period most accurately compares
relative performance within our peer group. Over shorter periods, performance comparisons may be skewed by the easier performance
baselines of peer companies that have experienced periods of underperformance. Danaher has not experienced a sustained period of underperformance
over the last twenty-five years (i.e., 1996-2020). We believe the consistency of our performance over that period is unmatched
within our peer group. Danaher ranks number one in its peer group over the past twenty-five years based on compounded average
annual shareholder return, and is the only company in its peer group whose total shareholder return (“TSR”) outperformed
the S&P 500 Index: • over every rolling 3-year period from and including 1996-2020;
    and • by more than 600 basis points over every rolling 3-year period from
    and including 2001-2020. Danaher’s compounded average annual shareholder return
has outperformed the S&P 500 Index over each of the last one, two, three, five-, ten-, fifteen-, twenty- and twenty-five year
periods: 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 06 Back to Contents Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board of Directors recognizes that Danaher’s success
over the long-term requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all our shareholders.
Below are highlights of our corporate governance framework. Board refreshment remains a key area of focus for us, as
    evidenced by the 2019 additions of Drs. Jessica L. Mega and Pardis C. Sabeti and 2020 addition of Rainer M. Blair to our Board.
    To further build on the enhanced gender, age and national origin diversity from these appointments, Danaher has formally
    initiated a director search specifically focused on adding to the Board a Person of Color from an underrepresented community. Our Bylaws provide for proxy access by shareholders. Our Chairman and CEO positions are separate . Our Board has established a Lead Independent Director position. All of our directors are elected annually. In uncontested elections, our directors must be elected by a majority
    of the votes cast , and we have a director resignation policy that applies to any incumbent director who fails to receive
    such a majority. Our shareholders have the right to act by written consent. Shareholders owning 25% or more of our outstanding shares may call
    a special meeting of shareholders. We have never had a shareholder rights plan . We have no supermajority voting requirements in our Certificate
    of Incorporation or Bylaws. All members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance
    Committees are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Danaher (including its subsidiaries during the period we have owned them)
    has made no political contributions since at least 2012 , has no intention of contributing any Danaher funds for political
    purposes and discloses its political expenditures policy on its public website. The 2020 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate
    Political Disclosure and Accountability ranked Danaher as a First Tier company . 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 07 Back to Contents Shareholder Engagement Program We actively seek and highly value feedback from our shareholders.
During 2020, in addition to our traditional Investor Relations outreach efforts, we engaged with shareholders representing
approximately 25% of our outstanding shares on topics including our business strategy and financial performance, governance
and executive compensation programs and sustainability initiatives. We shared feedback received during these meetings with our
Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee, informing their decision-making. Board of Directors Below is an overview of each of the director nominees you are
being asked to elect at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Name Director Since Principal Professional Experience Committee Memberships Other Public Company Boards Rainer M. Blair 2020 President and Chief Executive Officer, Danaher Corporation E, F, S 0 Linda Hefner Filler* 2005 Former President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief
    Merchandising Officer, Walgreen Co. N , S 0 Teri List* 2011 Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gap Inc. A, C 2 Walter G. Lohr, Jr.* 1983 Retired partner, Hogan Lovells A, C, F, N 0 Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH* 2019 Chief Medical and Scientific Officer, Verily Life Sciences LLC S 0 Mitchell P. Rales 1983 Chairman of the Executive Committee, Danaher Corporation E , F 2 Steven M. Rales 1983 Chairman of the Board, Danaher Corporation E, F, S 1 Pardis C. Sabeti, MD, D.Phil* 2019 Investigator, Howard Hughes Medical Institute S 0 John T. Schwieters* 2003 Principal, Perseus TDC A , N 0 Alan G. Spoon* 1999 Former Managing General Partner, Polaris Partners C 3 Raymond C. Stevens, PhD* 2017 Provost Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Director of
    The Bridge Institute, at the University of Southern California; Chief Executive Officer, ShouTi S 0 Elias A. Zerhouni, MD* 2009 Former President, Global Research & Development, Sanofi S.A. N, S 0 Chair * Independent Director A = Audit Committee C = Compensation Committee E = Executive
Committee F = Finance Committee N = Nominating & Governance Committee S = Science & Technology Committee 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 08 Back to Contents Sustainability Danaher’s sustainability program is distinctive in that
we drive company-wide sustainability initiatives where it makes sense to harness Danaher’s scale, while leveraging our decentralized
operating structure to empower our operating companies to pursue sustainability in ways that best fit the needs of their particular
stakeholders. Based on a materiality assessment we conducted that identified the intersection of Danaher’s key strategic
and sustainability goals, our sustainability program is structured around three pillars: innovation, people and the environment.
These three pillars are underpinned by a foundation of integrity, compliance and sound governance. Innovation At the heart of our sustainability efforts is innovation with purpose.
    In the spirit of one of our five Core Values, “Innovation Defines Our Future”, our teams work to expand access
    to healthcare in underserved areas, improve safety and protect precious natural resources. Danaher invested $1.3 billion in
    research and development in 2020 and as of the end of 2020 held approximately 11,800 patents worldwide, underscoring our commitment
    to innovation. People Danaher is committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining
    the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. “Consistently attracting
    and retaining exceptional talent” is one of our three strategic priorities and “The Best Team Wins” is one
    of our Core Values, reflecting the critical role our human capital plays in supporting our strategy. Our human capital strategy
    addresses culture, recruitment, development, engagement and retention, with a particular focus on attracting and engaging
    diverse talent with the unique perspectives and fresh ideas necessary to drive innovation, fuel growth and help ensure our
    technologies and products effectively serve a global customer base. For more detail on our human capital strategy, please
    see pages 9-11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. In 2020, Danaher publicly reported for the first time on our
    global gender diversity overall and at the managerial level, as well as our U.S. People of Color (“POC”) diversity
    overall and at the managerial level. We also announced our goal to achieve 40% global gender diversity and 35% U.S. POC diversity
    by 2025. Third parties have recognized our human capital initiatives, as Danaher
    was featured on the FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies 2020, Forbes World’s Best Employers 2020, Forbes Best
    Employers 2020 for New Grads and Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity lists and in 2020 for the seventh year in a row
    the Human Rights Campaign named Danaher one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 09 Back to Contents Environment We are committed to reducing the environmental impact of our operations
    and products, and helping our customers do the same. We continue to make progress toward this objective by implementing management
    programs to support our efforts, tracking key metrics to gauge improvement and setting goals to drive accountability. In particular: • Beginning in 2019, we began leveraging the power of the Danaher
    Business System (“DBS”) to mitigate the environmental impact of our operations by deploying our first DBS environmental
    sustainability tools, focused on reducing energy use and waste. • In 2019, we reported for the first time metrics relating to energy usage,
    greenhouse gas emissions, water usage, waste generation and recycling. • In 2020, we announced our intention to achieve the following goals by
    2024 (compared to the baseline year of 2019): YEAR 2024 GOAL YEAR 2024 GOAL YEAR 2024 GOAL 15% 15% 15% REDUCTION IN ENERGY CONSUMED (normalized to annual revenue) REDUCTION IN SCOPE 1/2 GREENHOUSE
        GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS (normalized to annual revenue) REDUCTION IN PERCENTAGE OF NON-HAZARDOUS/NON-REGULATED
    WASTE SENT TO LANDFILLS OR INCINERATION • In 2020, we reported for the first time on the key climate-related
    risks and opportunities our businesses face. At the Board level, Danaher’s Nominating and Governance
    Committee oversees sustainability and social responsibility , and this responsibility is set forth in the committee’s
    charter. At the management level, Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, who reports directly to our CEO,
    has general oversight responsibility with respect to matters of sustainability and social responsibility, and is responsible
    for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports. More information about Danaher’s sustainability efforts is included
    in our latest Sustainability Report, available in the Investors section of our public website, https://www.danaher.com. Executive Compensation Highlights Overview of Executive Compensation Program As discussed in detail under “Compensation Discussion
and Analysis,” with the goal of building long-term value for our shareholders, we have developed an executive compensation
program designed to: • attract and retain executives with the leadership skills,
    attributes and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Danaher’s size, diversity and global footprint; • motivate executives to demonstrate exceptional personal performance and
    perform consistently at or above the levels that we expect, over the long-term and through a range of economic cycles; and • link compensation to the achievement of corporate goals that we believe
    best correlate with the creation of long-term shareholder value. To achieve these objectives our compensation program combines
annual and long-term components, cash and equity, and fixed and variable elements, with a bias toward performance-based long-term
equity awards tied closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting and/or holding periods. Our executive compensation
program rewards our executive officers when they help increase long-term shareholder value, achieve annual business goals and
build long-term careers with Danaher. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 10 Back to Contents Compensation Governance Our Compensation Committee also recognizes that the success
of our executive compensation program over the long-term requires a robust framework of compensation governance. As a result,
the Committee regularly reviews external executive compensation practices and trends and incorporates best practices into our
executive compensation program: WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON’T DO Five-year vesting requirement for stock options; three-year performance
    period plus further two-year holding period for PSUs No tax gross-up provisions (except as applicable to management
    employees generally such as relocation policy) Incentive compensation programs feature multiple, different performance
    measures aligned with the Company’s strategic performance metrics No dividend/dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards Short-term and long-term performance metrics that balance our absolute
    performance and our relative performance versus peer companies No “single trigger” change of control benefits Rigorous, no-fault clawback policy that is triggered even in the
    absence of wrongdoing No active defined benefit pension program since 2003 Minimum one-year vesting requirement for 95% of shares granted
    under the Company’s stock plan No hedging of Danaher securities permitted Stock ownership requirements for all executive officers No long-term incentive compensation is denominated or paid in
    cash (other than PSU dividend accruals) Limited perquisites and a cap on CEO/CFO personal aircraft usage No above-market returns on deferred compensation plans Independent compensation consultant that performs no other services
    for the Company No overlapping performance metrics between short-term and long-term
    incentive compensation programs 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Back to Contents Named Executive Officers 2020 Compensation The following table sets forth the 2020 compensation of our
named executive officers. Please see pages 53-55 for information regarding 2019 and 2018 compensation, as well as footnotes. Name and Principal Position Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Total Rainer M. Blair $ 949,067 0 $ 3,616,939 $ 2,968,651 $ 2,519,339 0 $ 342,765 $ 10,396,761 President and CEO Matthew R. McGrew, $ 726,000 0 $ 1,637,982 $ 1,435,173 $ 1,564,530 0 $ 166,358 $ 5,530,043 Executive Vice President and CFO Joakim Weidemanis, $ 881,560 0 $ 5,065,095 $ 4,551,242 $ 1,917,000 0 $ 138,301 $ 12,553,198 Executive Vice President Angela S. Lalor, Senior Vice President- Human Resources $ 727,157 $ 800,000 $ 1,276,951 $ 1,118,710 $ 1,458,386 0 $ 121,041 $ 5,502,245 Brian W. Ellis, Senior Vice President- General Counsel $ 636,522 0 $ 867,259 $ 760,023 $ 1,218,048 0 $ 78,980 $ 3,560,832 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. $ 1,352,000 0 $ 6,260,748 $ 5,487,776 $ 3,107,797 $ 6,470 $ 549,165 $ 16,763,956 Former President and CEO William K. Daniel II, $ 286,116 0 $ 2,553,117 $ 2,237,419 $ 462,882 0 $ 203,265 $ 5,742,799 Former Executive Vice President 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 12 Back to Contents PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors of Danaher We are seeking your support for the election
of the twelve candidates that the Board has nominated to serve on the Board of Directors (each of whom currently serves as a director
of the Company), to serve until the 2022 Annual Meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. We believe the nominees set forth below have
qualifications consistent with our position as a large, global and diversified science and technology company. We also believe
these nominees have the experience and perspective to guide Danaher as we seek to expand our business in high-growth geographies
and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated
new products and services, adjust to rapidly changing technologies, business cycles and competition and address the demands of
an increasingly regulated environment. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number
of persons than the twelve nominees named in this Proxy Statement. In the event a nominee declines or is unable to serve, the proxies
may be voted in the discretion of the proxy holders for a substitute nominee designated by the Board, or the Board may reduce the
number of directors to be elected. We know of no reason why this will occur. Director Nominees RAINER
    M. BLAIR Age 56 Director since: 2020 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Committees: • Executive • Finance • Science & Technology Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Global/international • Life sciences/healthcare • Technology/innovation strategy • M&A • Public company CEO and/or President Mr. Blair has served as Danaher’s
        President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2020. Since joining Danaher in 2010, Mr. Blair has served in a series
        of progressively more responsible general management positions (and as a Danaher officer since 2014), including as Vice
        President - Group Executive from March 2014 until January 2017 and as Executive Vice President from January 2017 until
        September 2020. His broad operating and functional experience across diverse end-markets and geographies, in-depth knowledge
        of Danaher’s businesses and of the Danaher Business System and leadership experience from his service in the U.S.
        Army are particularly valuable to the Board given the global, diverse nature of Danaher’s portfolio. In addition,
        Mr. Blair adds deep multi-cultural experience having lived on and worked on three continents. LINDA
    HEFNER FILLER Age 61 Director since: 2005 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Nominating & Governance (Chair) • Science &
        Technology Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Global/international • Technology/innovation
        strategy • M&A • Branding/marketing Ms. Hefner Filler served as President of Retail Products,
        Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer of Walgreen Co., a
        national drugstore chain, from January 2015 to April 2017. From March 2013 until June 2014, Ms. Hefner Filler
        served as President, North America of Claire’s Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer; from May 2007 to June 2012, as
        Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., an operator of retail stores and warehouse clubs, and from April 2009
        to June 2012 also as Chief Merchandising Officer for Sam’s Club, a division of Wal-Mart; and from May 2004 through
        December 2006, as Executive Vice President—Global Strategy for Kraft Foods Inc., a food and beverage company. Ms. Hefner Filler has served in senior management roles
        with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management
        responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and
        responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher’s business strategy, and Ms. Hefner Filler’s
        keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher’s
        Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given
        her valuable perspective for matters of global portfolio strategy and capital allocation as
        well as global business practices. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Back to Contents TERI
    LIST Age 58 Director since: 2011 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Audit • Compensation Other Public Directorships: • Microsoft Corporation • Oscar Health,
        Inc. SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Global/international • M&A • Accounting • Finance Ms. List served
as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gap Inc., a global clothing retailer, from January 2017 until
March 2020. Prior to joining Gap, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dick’s Sporting
Goods, Inc., a sporting goods retailer, from August 2015 to August 2016, and with Kraft Foods Group, Inc., a food and
beverage company, as Advisor from March 2015 to May 2015, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from
December 2013 to February 2015 and as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. From 1994 to
September 2013, Ms. List served in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance
organization of The Procter & Gamble Company, a consumer goods company, most recently as Senior Vice President and
Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter & Gamble, Ms. List was employed by the accounting firm of
Deloitte & Touche for almost ten years. Ms. List is a member of the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation
and of Oscar Health, Inc. Ms. List’s experience dealing with complex finance and accounting matters for Gap,
Dick’s, Kraft and Procter & Gamble have given her an appreciation for and understanding of the similarly
complex finance and accounting matters that Danaher faces. In addition, through her leadership roles with large, global
companies she has insight into the business practices that are critical to the success of a large, growing public company
such as Danaher. WALTER
    G. LOHR, JR. Age 77 Director since:
        1983 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Audit • Compensation • Finance • Nominating & Governance Other
        Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • M&A • Government,
        legal or regulatory Mr. Lohr was
        a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, for over five years until retiring in June 2012, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations. Prior to his tenure
        at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. He has extensive
        experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests
        for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising has been a critical
        resource for Danaher given the importance of its acquisition program. JESSICA
    L. MEGA, MD, MPH Age 46 Director since: 2019 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Science &
        Technology Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Life sciences/healthcare • Technology/innovation
        strategy • Global/international Dr. Mega has served as Chief Medical
        and Scientific Officer at Verily Life Sciences LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. focused
        on life sciences and healthcare, since March 2015. Prior to joining Verily, she served as Cardiologist and Senior Investigator at Brigham & Women’s Hospital from 2008 to March 2015.
        Dr. Mega has also served as a faculty member at Harvard Medical
        School and a senior investigator with the TIMI Study Group, where she helped lead international trials evaluating
        novel cardiovascular therapies and directed the genetics program. Dr. Mega oversees Verily’s
        clinical and science efforts, focusing on translating technological innovations and scientific insights
        into partnerships and programs that improve patient outcomes. Dr. Mega’s clinical background and experience
        re-imagining how clinical trial data is collected and analyzed offer valuable insights for Danaher, given our strategic
        focus on life sciences and healthcare applications. MITCHELL
    P. RALES Age 64 Director since: 1983 CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Committees: • Executive (Chair) • Finance (Chair) Other Public Directorships: • Colfax Corporation • Fortive Corporation SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • M&A • Global/international • Public company
        CEO and/or President • Finance Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher
        and has served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was
        also President of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is also a member of the board of directors of each of Colfax Corporation and Fortive Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership
        of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and
        have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his
        substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and
        interests of the Company’s shareholders. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 14 Back to Contents STEVEN
    M. RALES Age 69 Director since: 1983 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Committees: • Executive • Finance • Science & Technology Other Public Directorships: • Fortive Corporation SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • M&A • Global/international • Public company
        CEO and/or President Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher
        and has served as Danaher’s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of
        the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is also a member of the board of directors of Fortive Corporation, and is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. The strategic vision and leadership
        of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and
        have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his
        substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and
        interests of the Company’s shareholders. PARDIS
    C. SABETI, MD, D.PHIL Age 45 Director since: 2019 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Science &
        Technology Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Life sciences/healthcare • Global/international Dr. Sabeti has served as an Investigator
        for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (“HHMI”), a non-profit medical research organization,
        since November 2015. Dr. Sabeti is a professor at the Center for Systems Biology and the Department of Organismic
        and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University and the Department of Immunology and Infectious Disease at Harvard
        T.H. Chan School of Public Health. She is an Institute Member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. Dr. Sabeti is a computational geneticist
        with expertise developing new experimental technologies and computational algorithms
        to investigate the genomes of humans and infectious microbes. Her expertise in infectious disease research offers
        significant value to Danaher as we seek to develop research tools for use in determining the causes of disease, identification of new therapies and testing of new drugs and vaccines. JOHN
    T. SCHWIETERS Age 81 Director since: 2003 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Audit (Chair) • Nominating & Governance Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Technology/innovation
        strategy • M&A • Accounting • Finance Mr. Schwieters has served as Principal
        of Perseus TDC, a real estate investment and development firm, since July 2013. He
        also served as a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, from May 2012 to June 2016 and as Senior Advisor from March 2009 to May 2012. In addition to his roles with Perseus,
        Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world’s largest accounting firms
        after previously leading that firm’s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired
        the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Danaher extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance,
        which are areas of critical importance to Danaher as a large, global and complex
        public company. ALAN
    G. SPOON Age 69 Director since: 1999 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Compensation
        (Chair) Other Public Directorships: • Fortive Corporation • IAC/ InterActiveCorp. • Match Group,
        Inc. SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Technology/innovation
        strategy • M&A • Global/international • Public company
        CEO and/or President • Branding/marketing Mr. Spoon served as Partner Emeritus of Polaris Partners
        from January 2016 to June 2018, Managing General Partner from 2000 to 2010
        and Partner from 2000 to 2018. Mr. Spoon is also a member of the board of directors of each of Fortive Corporation,
        IAC/InterActiveCorp. and Match Group, Inc. Within the past five years, Mr. Spoon served on the board of directors
        of Cable One, Inc. In addition to his leadership roles at Polaris Partners,
        Mr. Spoon has previously served as president, chief operating officer and
        chief financial officer of one of the country’s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has
        served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public
        company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership
        and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him
        insight into technology and life science trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for the Company. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Back to Contents RAYMOND
    C. STEVENS, PH.D. Age 57 Director since: 2017 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Science &
        Technology Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Global/international • Life sciences/healthcare • Technology/innovation
        strategy Professor Stevens has served as Provost
        Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Director of The Bridge Institute,
        at the University of Southern California, a private research university, since July 2014, and as Chief Executive Officer of ShouTi, a biotechnology company, since May 2019. From 1999 until July
        2014, he served as Professor of Molecular Biology and Chemistry with The Scripps
        Research Institute, a non-profit research organization. Professor Stevens has also launched
        multiple biotechnology companies focused on drug discovery. Professor Stevens is considered among
        the world’s most influential biomedical scientists in molecular research. A pioneer in
        human cellular behavior research, he has been involved in the creation of therapeutic molecules that led to breakthrough
        drugs aimed at curing influenza, childhood diseases, neuromuscular disorders and diabetes. Professor Stevens’ insights
        in the area of molecular research, as well as his experience bringing industry and academia together to advance drug development, are highly beneficial to Danaher given our strategic focus on the development
        of research tools used to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies
        and test new drugs and vaccines. His extensive experience living and working
        in China is also valuable to Danaher given China’s strategic significance to our business. ELIAS A. ZERHOUNI, MD Age 69 Director since: 2009 INDEPENDENT Committees: • Nominating & Governance • Science &
        Technology (Chair) Other Public Directorships: • None SKILLS
                                         AND QUALIFICATIONS: • Global/international • Life sciences/healthcare • Technology/innovation
        strategy • Government, legal
        or regulatory Dr. Zerhouni served as President,
        Global Research & Development, for Sanofi S.A., a global pharmaceutical company, from 2011
        to June 2018. From 2008 until 2011, he provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. From 2002 to 2008,
        Dr. Zerhouni served as director of the National Institutes of Health,
        and from 1996 to 2002, he served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and
        Radiological Sciences, Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist
        and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities
        in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies,
        are of considerable importance given Danaher’s strategic focus in the
        medical technologies markets. Dr. Zerhouni’s government experience also gives him
        a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH and his role at France-based
        Sanofi, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher. THE
    BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE FOREGOING NOMINEES. Board Selection and Refreshment Director Selection The Board and its
Nominating and Governance Committee believe that it is important that our directors demonstrate: • personal and professional integrity and character; • prominence and reputation in the director’s profession; • skills, expertise and background (including business
or other relevant experience) that in aggregate are useful and appropriate in overseeing and providing strategic direction with
respect to Danaher’s business and serving the long-term interests of Danaher’s shareholders; • the capacity and desire to represent the interests of
the shareholders as a whole; and • availability to devote sufficient time to the affairs
of Danaher. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 16 Back to Contents The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible
for recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. Nominees may be suggested
by directors, members of management, shareholders or by a third-party search firm engaged by the Committee. The Committee considers
a wide range of factors when assessing potential director nominees. This includes consideration of the current composition of the
Board, any perceived need for one or more particular areas of expertise, the balance of management and independent directors, the
need for committee-specific expertise, evaluations of other prospective nominees and the qualifications of each potential nominee
relative to the attributes, skills and experience described above. The Board does not have a formal or informal policy with respect
to diversity but believes that the Board, taken as a whole, should embody a diverse set of skills, knowledge, experiences and backgrounds
appropriate in light of the Company’s needs, and in this regard also subjectively takes into consideration the diversity
(including with respect to age, race, gender and national origin) of the Board when considering director nominees. When Danaher recruits a director candidate, either
a search firm engaged by the Committee or a member of the Board contacts the prospect to assess interest and availability. The
candidate will then meet with members of the Board and at the same time, the Committee with the support of the search firm will
conduct such further inquiries as the Committee deems appropriate. A background check is completed before a final recommendation
is made to appoint a candidate to the Board. A shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective
nominee for the Board should notify the Nominating and Governance Committee in writing using the procedures described below under
“Other Information – Communications with the Board of Directors” with whatever supporting material the shareholder
considers appropriate. If a prospective nominee has been identified other than in connection with a director search process initiated
by the Committee, an initial determination is made as to whether to conduct a full evaluation of the candidate based primarily
on whether a new or additional Board member is necessary or appropriate at such time, the likelihood that the prospective nominee
can satisfy the evaluation factors described above, any additional inquiries the Committee may in its discretion conduct and any
other factors the Committee may deem appropriate. The graph below illustrates the diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds
represented on our Board: / SKILLS
AND EXPERTISE Blair Hefner Filler List Lohr Mega M. Rales S. Rales Sabeti Schwieters Spoon Stevens Zerhouni Global/international Life sciences/ healthcare Technology/ innovation strategy M&A Public company CEO and/or President Accounting Finance Branding/marketing Government, legal or regulatory Age (Board average is 62.7 years of age) 56 61 58 77 46 64 69 45 81 69 57 69 Gender M F F M F M M F M M M M Race/Ethnicity* C C C C C C C C + C C C C ++ Born outside U.S. * “C”
    refers to Caucasian + Dr.
    Sabeti is of Middle Eastern descent. ++ Dr.
    Zerhouni is of North African descent. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Back to Contents Board Orientation Our new director orientation program includes
extensive meetings with Danaher management and familiarizes new directors with Danaher’s businesses, strategies, policies
and the Danaher Business System; assists them in developing company and industry knowledge to optimize their Board service; and
educates them with respect to their fiduciary duties and legal responsibilities and Danaher’s corporate governance framework. Board Refreshment Our Board actively considers Board refreshment.
Using our Board skills matrix as a guide as well as the results of our annual Board and committee self-assessment process
(discussed below), the Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates Board composition at least annually and identifies for Board
consideration areas of expertise that would complement and enhance our current Board. In considering the Committee’s
recommendations, the Board seeks to thoughtfully balance the knowledge and experience that comes from longer-term Board service
with the fresh perspectives and new domain expertise that can come from adding new directors. The 2019 additions of Drs. Mega
and Sabeti and 2020 addition of Mr. Blair to our Board evidences our focus on refreshment and helped drive an approximately 20%
reduction in our average director tenure from 2019 to 2020. To further build on the enhanced gender, age and national origin diversity
from these appointments, Danaher has formally initiated a director search specifically focused on adding to the Board a Person
of Color from an underrepresented community. Proxy Access Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”)
permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, owning three percent or more of the Company’s outstanding
shares of Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company’s annual meeting proxy
materials a number of director nominees up to the greater of (x) two, or (y) twenty percent of the Board, provided that
the shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Majority Voting Standard General Our Bylaws provide for majority voting in uncontested
director elections, and our Board has adopted a director resignation policy. Under the policy, our Board will not appoint or nominate
for election to the Board any person who has not tendered in advance an irrevocable resignation effective in such circumstances
where the individual does not receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election and such resignation is accepted
by the Board. If an incumbent director is not elected by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election, our Nominating
and Governance Committee will submit for prompt consideration by the Board a recommendation whether to accept or reject the director’s
resignation. The Board expects the director whose resignation is under consideration to abstain from participating in any decision
regarding that resignation. Contested Elections At any meeting of shareholders for which the
Secretary of the Company receives a notice that a shareholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in
compliance with the Company’s Bylaws and such nomination has not been withdrawn on or before the tenth day before the Company
first mails its notice of meeting to the Company’s shareholders, the directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes
cast. This means that the nominees who receive the most affirmative votes would be elected to serve as directors. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 18 Back to Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Overview Our Board of Directors recognizes that Danaher’s success over the long-term
requires a robust framework of corporate governance that serves the best interests of all our shareholders. Below are highlights
of our corporate governance framework, and additional details follow in the sections below. Board refreshment remains a key area of focus for us, as
        evidenced by the 2019 additions of Drs. Jessica L. Mega and Pardis C.
        Sabeti and 2020 addition of Rainer M. Blair to our Board. To further
        build on the enhanced gender, age and national origin diversity from
        these appointments, Danaher has formally initiated a director search
        specifically focused on adding to the Board a Person of Color from an
        underrepresented community. Our Bylaws provide for proxy access by shareholders. Our Chairman and CEO positions are separate. Our Board has established a Lead Independent Director position. All of our directors are elected annually. In uncontested elections, our directors must be elected
        by a majority of the votes cast, and we have a director resignation
        policy that applies to any incumbent director who fails to receive such a majority. Our shareholders have the right to act by written consent. Shareholders owning 25% or more of our outstanding shares
        may call a special meeting of shareholders. We have never had a shareholder rights plan. We have no supermajority voting requirements in our
        Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. All members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and
        Governance Committees are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange
        listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Danaher (including its subsidiaries during the period we have
        owned them) has made no political contributions since at least 2012, has no intention of contributing any Danaher funds for political purposes,
        and discloses its political expenditures policy on its public website. The
        2020 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability
        ranked Danaher as a First Tier company. Board Leadership Structure, Oversight and CEO
Succession Planning Board Leadership Structure The Board has separated the positions of Chairman
and CEO because it believes that, at this time, this structure best enables the Board to ensure that Danaher’s business and
affairs are managed effectively and in the best interests of shareholders. This is particularly the case in light of the fact that
the Company’s Chairman is Steven Rales, a co-founder of the Company who owns approximately 6.0 percent of the Company’s
outstanding shares, served as CEO of the company from 1984 to 1990 and continues to serve as an executive officer of the company.
As a result of his substantial ownership stake in the Company, the Board believes that Mr. Rales is uniquely able to understand,
articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company’s shareholders. Moreover, Mr. Rales uses his management
experience with the Company and Board tenure to help ensure that the non-management directors have a keen understanding of the
Company’s business as well as the strategic and other risks and opportunities that the Company faces. This enables the Board
to more effectively provide insight and direction to, and exercise oversight of, the Company’s President and CEO and the
rest of the management team responsible for the Company’s day-to-day business (including with respect to oversight of risk
management). Because Mr. Rales is not independent within
the meaning of the NYSE listing standards, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the appointment of a “Lead Independent
Director” and our independent directors have appointed Ms. Hefner Filler as Lead Independent Director. As Lead Independent
Director, Ms. Hefner Filler: • presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman
of the Board and the Chair of the Executive Committee are not present, including the executive sessions of non-management directors; • has the authority to call meetings of the independent
directors; • acts as a liaison as necessary between the independent
directors and the management directors; and • advises with respect to the Board’s agenda. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Back to Contents Board Oversight of Strategy One of the Board’s primary
responsibilities is overseeing management’s development and execution of the Company’s strategy. At least
quarterly, the CEO, our executive leadership team and other business leaders provide detailed business and strategy updates
to the Board. The Board annually conducts an even more in-depth review of the Company’s overall strategy. At
these reviews, the Board engages with our executive leadership team and other business leaders regarding business objectives,
the competitive landscape, economic trends and other developments. On an annual basis the Board also reviews the
Company’s human capital, risk assessment/risk management, compliance and sustainability programs as well as the
Company’s operating budget, and at meetings occurring throughout the year the Board reviews acquisitions, strategic
investments and other capital allocation topics as well as the Company’s operating and financial performance, among
other matters. The Board also looks to the focused expertise of its committees to inform strategic oversight in their areas
of focus. SPOTLIGHT:
    OVERSIGHT OF STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS The Board oversees Danaher’s strategic acquisition and integration process. Danaher views acquisitions as an important element of our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. Our Board includes eight members with extensive business combination experience. That depth of experience allows the Board to constructively engage with management and effectively evaluate acquisitions for alignment with our strategy, culture and financial goals. Management is charged with identifying potential acquisition targets, executing transactions and managing integration, and our Board’s oversight extends to each of these elements. Management and the Board regularly discuss potential acquisitions and their role in the Company’s overall business strategy. These discussions address acquisitions in process and potential future acquisitions, and cover a broad range of matters which may include valuation, due diligence, risk and anticipated synergies with Danaher’s businesses and strategy. With respect to more significant acquisitions, such as the Company’s 2020 acquisition of Cytiva, the Board typically discusses and evaluates the proposed opportunity over multiple meetings. The Board’s acquisition oversight also extends across transactions and over time; at least annually the Board reviews and provides feedback regarding the operational and financial performance of our historical acquisitions. SPOTLIGHT:
    OVERSIGHT OF HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND CEO SUCCESSION PLANNING • The
        Board and Compensation Committee engage with our senior leadership team and human resources executives on a regular basis across
        a range of human capital management topics. As discussed above, Danaher is committed to attracting, developing, engaging
        and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. Working with management,
        the Board and Compensation Committee oversee matters including culture, succession planning and development, compensation, benefits,
        talent recruiting and retention, associate engagement and diversity and inclusion. The Board reviews the Company’s human
        capital strategy annually and at other times during the year in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, supported
        by the Compensation Committee’s oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. • With
        the support of our Nominating and Governance Committee, our Board also maintains and annually reviews both a long-term succession
        plan and emergency succession plan for the CEO position. The foundation of the long-term CEO succession planning process is
        a CEO development model consisting of two dimensions, leadership behaviors and development experiences. The Board uses the development
        model as a guide in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating candidates for the CEO and other executive positions at the Board’s
        annual talent review and succession planning session. At the annual session, the Board evaluates and compares candidates using
        the development model, and reviews each candidate’s development actions, progress and performance over time. The candidate
        evaluations are supplemented with periodic 360-degree performance appraisals, and the Board also regularly interacts with candidates
        at Board dinners and lunches, through Board meeting presentations and at the Company’s annual leadership conference. The
        transition of the CEO role from Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. to Rainer M. Blair in September 2020 represents a culmination of this ongoing
        process . 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 20 Back to Contents Board Oversight of Risk The Board’s role in risk
oversight at the Company is consistent with our leadership structure, with management having day-to-day responsibility for
assessing and managing our risk exposure and the Board and its committees overseeing those efforts, with particular emphasis
on the most significant risks facing the Company. On an annual basis, the Company’s Risk Committee (consisting of
members of senior management) inventories, assesses and prioritizes the most significant risks facing the Company as well as
related mitigation efforts and provides a report to the Board. With respect to the manner in which the Board’s risk
oversight function impacts the Board’s leadership structure, as described above our Board believes that Mr. Steven
Rales’ management experience and tenure help the Board to more effectively exercise its risk oversight function. The Board administers its risk oversight responsibilities
both through active review and discussion of key risks facing the Company and by delegating certain risk oversight responsibilities
to the Board committees for further consideration and evaluation. Generally, each committee has responsibility to identify and
address risks that are associated with the purpose of, and responsibilities delegated to, that committee. Each committee reports
to the full Board on a regular basis, including as appropriate with respect to the committee’s risk oversight activities. Board/Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Full Board Risks associated with Danaher’s strategic plan, acquisition and capital allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, organizational structure and other significant risks, and overall risk assessment and risk management policies. Audit Committee Major financial risk exposures, significant legal, compliance, reputational, cybersecurity and privacy risks and overall risk assessment and risk management policies. Compensation Committee Risks associated with compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation. Nominating and Governance Committee Risks related to corporate governance, effectiveness of Board and committee oversight and review of director candidates, conflicts of interest, director independence and sustainability. Science and Technology Committee Risks related to potentially disruptive science and technology trends and opportunities. SPOTLIGHT:
    OVERSIGHT OF CYBERSECURITY RISK The Board and the Audit Committee oversee the Company’s management of cybersecurity risk. To mitigate the risks posed by cybersecurity incidents and cyber attacks, we have developed a program, led by the Company’s Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), that is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Company’s products, data and systems. This program is designed to reflect industry best practices and standards and includes a cybersecurity incident response plan, pursuant to which we conduct regular exercises to help ensure effectiveness and maintain preparedness; independent program assessments, including penetration testing and scanning of our systems for vulnerabilities; regular education and best practice sharing with our associates to raise cyber threat awareness; and other policies and procedures designed to assist the Company in managing cybersecurity incidents and risks. Danaher’s Chief Information Officer and CISO provide regular updates to the Audit Committee regarding this program, including information about cyber risk management governance and the status of projects to strengthen cybersecurity controls. Board of Directors and Committees of the Board General The Board met nine times in 2020. All directors
who served on the Board for all of 2020 attended 100% of the total number of meetings of the Board and of all committees of the
Board on which they served. Danaher typically schedules a Board meeting in conjunction with each annual meeting of shareholders
and as a general matter expects that the members of the Board will attend the annual meeting. Thirteen of our directors (which
constituted the entire Board as of such time) attended the Company’s annual meeting in May 2020. The membership of each of the Board’s committees
as of March 8, 2021 is set forth below. While each of the committees is authorized to delegate its powers to sub-committees,
none of the committees did so during 2020. The Audit, Compensation, Nominating & Governance and Science & Technology
Committees report to the Board on their actions and recommendations at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Back to Contents Name of Director Audit Compensation Nominating & Governance Science & Technology Executive Finance Rainer M. Blair Linda Hefner Filler Teri List Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH Mitchell P. Rales Steven M. Rales Pardis C. Sabeti, MD, D.Phil. John T. Schwieters Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. Alan G. Spoon Elias A. Zerhouni, MD # OF MEETINGS HELD IN 2020 6 9 12 5 1 1 Chair Audit Committee The Audit Committee
prepares a report as required by the SEC to be included in this Proxy Statement and assists the Board in overseeing: • the quality and integrity of Danaher’s financial
statements; • the effectiveness of Danaher’s internal control
over financial reporting; • the qualifications, independence and performance of Danaher’s
independent auditors; • the performance of Danaher’s internal audit function; • Danaher’s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; • the risks described above under “-Risk Oversight”;
and • the Company’s swaps and derivatives transactions
and related policies and procedures. The Board has determined that each of the members
of the Audit Committee is independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3(b) (1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Securities
Exchange Act”) and the NYSE listing standards and is financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards.
In addition, the Board has determined that Ms. List and Mr. Schwieters each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert
as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act. The Committee typically meets
in executive session, without the presence of management, at its regularly scheduled meetings. Compensation Committee The Compensation
Committee discharges the Board’s responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers, including setting
goals and objectives for, evaluating the performance of, and approving the compensation paid to, our executive officers. The Committee
also: • reviews and discusses with Company management the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and recommends to the Board the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in the
annual meeting proxy statement; • reviews and makes recommendations to the Board with respect
to the adoption, amendment and termination of all executive incentive compensation plans and all equity compensation plans, and
exercises all authority of the Board (and all responsibilities assigned by such plans to the Committee) with respect to the oversight
and administration of such plans; • reviews and considers the results of shareholder advisory
votes on the Company’s executive compensation, and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the frequency of such advisory
votes; 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 22 Back to Contents • monitors
compliance by directors and executive officers with the Company’s stock ownership requirements; • assists the Board in overseeing the risks described above
under “-Risk Oversight”; • prepares the report required by the SEC to be included
in the annual meeting proxy statement; and • considers factors relating to independence and conflicts
of interests in connection with the engagement of the compensation consultants that provide advice to the Committee. Each member of the Compensation Committee is
a “non-employee director” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act and, based on the determination
of the Board, independent under the NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10C-1 under the Securities Exchange Act. The Committee
typically meets in executive session, without the presence of management, at its regularly scheduled meetings. Management Role in Supporting the Compensation
Committee Members of our senior
management generally attend the Compensation Committee meetings. In addition, our CEO: • provides background regarding the interrelationship between
our business objectives and executive compensation matters and advises on the alignment of incentive plan performance measures
with our overall strategy; • participates in the Committee’s discussions regarding
the performance and compensation of the other executive officers and provides recommendations to the Committee regarding all significant
elements of compensation paid to such officers, their annual, personal performance objectives and his evaluation of their performance
(the Committee gives considerable weight to our CEO’s evaluation of and recommendations with respect to the other executive
officers because of his direct knowledge of each such officer’s performance and contributions); and • provides feedback regarding the companies that he believes
Danaher competes with in the marketplace and for executive talent. Our human resources and legal departments also
assist the Committee Chair in scheduling and setting the agendas for the Committee’s meetings, preparing meeting materials
and providing the Committee with data relating to executive compensation as requested by the Committee. Independent Compensation Consultant Role in Supporting
the Compensation Committee Under the terms of its charter, the Committee
has the authority to engage the services of outside advisors and experts. The Committee has engaged Frederic W. Cook &
Co., Inc. (“FW Cook”) as its independent compensation consultant since 2008. The Committee engages FW Cook because
it is considered one of the premier independent compensation consulting firms and has never provided any services to the Company
other than the compensation-related services provided to or at the direction of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and
Governance Committee. FW Cook takes its direction solely from the Committee (and with respect to matters relating to the non-management
director compensation program, the Nominating and Governance Committee). In addition to the director compensation advice provided
to the Nominating and Governance Committee, FW Cook’s primary responsibilities in 2020 were to: • provide advice and data in connection with the structuring
of the executive and equity compensation programs and the compensation levels for the Company’s executive officers compared
to their peers; • assess the Company’s executive compensation program
in the context of compensation governance best practices; • update the Committee regarding legislative and regulatory
initiatives as well as emerging trends and investor views in the area of executive compensation; • provide data regarding the share dilution costs attributable
to the Company’s aggregate equity compensation program; and • assist in the review of the Company’s executive
compensation public disclosures. The Committee does not place any material limitations
on the scope of the feedback provided by FW Cook. In the course of discharging its responsibilities, FW Cook may from time to time
and with the Committee’s consent, request from management information regarding compensation amounts and practices, the interrelationship
between our business objectives and executive compensation matters, the nature of the Company’s executive officer responsibilities
and other business information. The Committee has considered whether the work performed for or at the direction of the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee raises any conflict of interest, taking into account the factors listed in
Securities Exchange Act Rule 10C-1(b)(4), and has concluded that such work does not create any conflict of interest. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Back to Contents Nominating & Governance Committee The Nominating and
Governance Committee: • assists the Board in identifying individuals qualified
to become Board members, and makes recommendations to the Board regarding all nominees for Board membership; • makes recommendations to the Board regarding the size
and composition of the Board and its committees; • makes recommendations to the Board regarding matters
of corporate governance and oversees the operation of Danaher’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Related Person Transactions
Policy; • develops and oversees the annual self-assessment process
for the Board and its committees; • assists the Board in CEO succession planning; • assists the Board in overseeing the risks described above
under “-Risk Oversight”; • reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding
non-management director compensation; • oversees the orientation process for newly elected members
of the Board and continuing director education; and • oversees the Company’s sustainability program. The Board has determined that all of the members
of the Nominating and Governance Committee are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. Science & Technology Committee The Science and
Technology Committee assists the Board in overseeing matters of science and technology, including: • reviewing and assessing the Company’s science and
technology innovation strategy and priorities; • assessing the competitive position of the Company’s
technology portfolio; • reviewing with management key programs, processes and
organizational structures related to innovation, research and development and the commercialization of technology; and • assessing, and advising the Board with respect to, potentially
disruptive science and technology trends, opportunities and risks. Executive Committee The Executive Committee exercises between meetings
of the Board such powers and authority as are specifically delegated to it by the Board from time to time. Finance Committee The Finance Committee approves business acquisitions,
investments and divestitures up to the levels of authority delegated to it by the Board. Board and Committee Evaluations Each year, our Board and the Audit, Compensation
and Nominating and Governance Committees perform a rigorous self-evaluation, overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee.
In 2020, the Nominating and Governance Committee solicited input from our directors regarding topics that warranted evaluation
in each of the following areas: • the Board’s oversight of management; • the Board’s understanding of Danaher and its businesses; • Board composition; • conduct of Board meetings; and • operation and effectiveness of the Board committees. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 24 Back to Contents The Nominating and Governance Committee reviewed
the results of this feedback, and during an executive session of the Board the chair of the Committee led a discussion of the key
topics identified and communicated relevant feedback to the CEO. Each of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance
Committees also conducted a self-evaluation in executive session, including with respect to any committee-specific evaluation topics
identified as a result of the process described above, and communicated the results thereof to the full Board. As a result of the
Board’s 2020 self-assessment process, the Board identified objectives for itself relating to the Company’s strategic
plan, organizational capabilities and risk management program; the optimization of Board meeting processes; incorporation of individual
director self-assessments into the Board evaluation program; director education; and Board diversity. Shareholder Engagement and Alignment Shareholder Engagement Program We actively seek and highly value feedback from
our shareholders. During 2020, in addition to our traditional Investor Relations outreach efforts, we engaged with shareholders
representing approximately 25% of our outstanding shares on topics including our business strategy and financial performance,
governance and executive compensation programs and sustainability initiatives. We shared feedback received during these meetings
with our Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee, informing their decision-making. Key Policies Aligning Company and Shareholder
Interests • Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements. Our Board has adopted stock ownership requirements for non-management directors. Under the requirements, each non-management
director (within five years of his or her initial election or appointment) is required to beneficially own Danaher shares with
a market value of at least five times his or her annual cash retainer (excluding the additional cash retainers paid to the
committee chairs and the Lead Independent Director). Once a director has acquired a number of shares that satisfies such ownership
multiple, such number of shares then becomes such director’s minimum ownership requirement (even if his or her retainer increases
or the fair market value of such shares subsequently declines). Under the policy, beneficial ownership includes RSUs held by the
director, shares in which the director or his or her spouse or child has a direct or indirect interest and phantom shares of Danaher
Common Stock in the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, but does not include shares subject to unexercised
stock options or pledged shares. Each Danaher director is in compliance with the policy. We have also adopted stock ownership
requirements for our executive officers; please see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Stock Ownership-Related
Policies.” • Recoupment Policy. We have a rigorous, “no-fault”
compensation recoupment policy that applies to executive officers and other senior leaders. • Anti-Pledging/Hedging Policy. In 2013 Danaher’s
Board adopted a policy that prohibits any director or executive officer from pledging as security under any obligation any shares
of Danaher Common Stock that the director or officer directly or indirectly owns and controls, except for any shares that were
pledged as of the date the policy was adopted. Certain shares of Common Stock owned by Messrs. Steven and Mitchell Rales were
exempted from the policy because such shares had been pledged for decades, to secure lines of credit that reduce the need to sell
shares for liquidity purposes. Messrs. Steven and Mitchell Rales acquired these pledged shares in cash purchase transactions between
1983 and 1988 and did not receive them as compensation or purchase them from Danaher. These pledged shares do not count toward
the Company’s stock ownership requirements. Notwithstanding that these shares are exempted
from Danaher’s policy, as part of its risk oversight function the Audit Committee of Danaher’s Board regularly reviews
these share pledges to assess whether such pledging poses an undue risk to the Company. The Committee has concluded that the existing
pledge arrangements do not pose an undue risk to the Company, based in particular on its consideration of the following factors: • the amount by which the market value of the shares pledged
as collateral exceeds the amount of secured indebtedness, which the Committee believes is a key factor in assessing the degree
of risk posed by the pledging arrangements. At December 31, 2020, the maximum amount of secured indebtedness permitted under the
lines of credit would not exceed 25% of the market value of the shares pledged as collateral; • the number of shares and percentage of total outstanding
shares pledged; and • the more than 15% reduction since 2013 in the aggregate
number of shares pledged by Messrs. Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Back to Contents Danaher policy also prohibits Danaher
directors and employees (including executive officers) from engaging in short sales of Danaher Common Stock, transactions in any
derivative of a Danaher security (including, but not limited to, buying or selling puts, calls or other options (except for instruments
granted under a Danaher equity compensation plan)) or any other forms of hedging transactions with respect to Danaher securities. • Shareholder Right to Call Special Meeting . As
discussed above, shareholders owning 25% or more of Danaher’s outstanding shares may call a special meeting of shareholders. At Danaher’s 2020 Annual Meeting, shareholders
representing a majority of Danaher shares voted against a shareholder proposal requesting that Danaher amend its governing documents
to reduce the percentage of shares required for shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders from 25% to 10%. Danaher’s
Nominating and Governance Committee and Company management annually review Danaher’s governing documents, and the proposal,
investor feedback thereon and the voting results (in 2020 and in the prior years when a similar proposal has been brought) were
taken into account in considering whether a modification to Danaher’s special meeting threshold is warranted. It was determined
that the existing 25% threshold continues to strike an appropriate balance between avoiding waste of Danaher and shareholder resources
on addressing narrow or special interests, while at the same time ensuring that shareholders holding a significant minority of
our outstanding shares have an appropriate mechanism to call a special meeting if they deem it appropriate. Sustainability Danaher’s sustainability program is distinctive
in that we drive company-wide sustainability initiatives where it makes sense to harness Danaher’s scale, while leveraging
our decentralized operating structure to empower our operating companies to pursue sustainability in ways that best fit the needs
of their particular stakeholders. Based on a materiality assessment we conducted that identified the intersection of Danaher’s
key strategic and sustainability goals, our sustainability program is structured around three pillars: innovation, people and the
environment. These three pillars are underpinned by a foundation of integrity, compliance and sound governance. Innovation At the heart of our sustainability efforts is
        innovation with purpose. In the spirit of one of our five Core Values, “Innovation Defines Our Future”, our teams work
        to expand access to healthcare in underserved areas, improve safety and protect precious natural resources. Danaher invested $1.3
        billion in research and development in 2020 and as of the end of 2020 held approximately 11,800 patents worldwide, underscoring
        our commitment to innovation. People Danaher is committed to attracting, developing,
        engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. “Consistently
        attracting and retaining exceptional talent” is one of our three strategic priorities and “The Best Team Wins”
        is one of our Core Values, reflecting the critical role our human capital plays in supporting our strategy. Our human capital strategy
        addresses culture, recruitment, development, engagement and retention, with a particular focus on attracting and engaging diverse
        talent with the unique perspectives and fresh ideas necessary to drive innovation, fuel growth and help ensure our technologies
        and products effectively serve a global customer base. For more detail on our human capital strategy, please see pages 9-11 of
        our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. In 2020, Danaher publicly reported for the first time on our global gender diversity overall and at the managerial level, as well as our U.S. People of Color (“POC”) diversity overall and at the managerial level. We also announced our goal to achieve 40% global gender diversity and 35% U.S. POC diversity by 2025. Third parties have recognized our human capital initiatives, as Danaher was featured on the FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies 2020, Forbes World’s Best Employers 2020, Forbes Best Employers 2020 for New Grads and Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity lists and in 2020 for the seventh year in a row the Human Rights Campaign named Danaher one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 26 Back to Contents Environment We are committed to reducing the environmental
        impact of our operations and products, and helping our customers do the same. We continue to make progress toward this objective
        by implementing management programs to support our efforts, tracking key metrics to gauge improvement and setting goals to drive
        accountability. In particular: • Beginning
        in 2019, we began leveraging the power of the Danaher Business System (“DBS”) to mitigate the environmental impact
        of our operations by deploying our first DBS environmental sustainability tools, focused on reducing energy use and waste. • In
        2019, we reported for the first time metrics relating to energy usage, greenhouse gas emissions, water usage, waste generation
        and recycling. • In
        2020, we announced our intention to achieve the following goals by 2024 (compared to the baseline year of 2019): YEAR 2024 GOAL 15 % REDUCTION
        IN ENERGY CONSUMED (normalized to annual revenue) YEAR 2024 GOAL 15 % REDUCTION
        IN SCOPE 1/2 GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS (normalized to annual revenue) YEAR 2024 GOAL 15 % REDUCTION
        IN PERCENTAGE OF NON-HAZARDOUS/NON-REGULATED WASTE SENT TO LANDFILLS OR INCINERATION • In
        2020, we reported for the first time on the key climate-related risks and opportunities our businesses face. At the Board level, Danaher’s Nominating and Governance
Committee oversees sustainability and social responsibility , and this responsibility is set forth in the committee’s
charter. At the management level, Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, who reports directly to our CEO, has
general oversight responsibility with respect to matters of sustainability and social responsibility, and is responsible for reviewing
and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports. More information about Danaher’s sustainability efforts
is included in our latest Sustainability Report, available in the Investors section of our public website, https://www.danaher.com. Corporate Governance Guidelines, Committee Charters
and Code of Conduct As part of its ongoing commitment to good corporate
governance, our Board of Directors has codified its corporate governance practices into a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines
and has also adopted written charters for each of the committees of the Board. Danaher has also adopted a code of business conduct
and ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer) and employees, known as the Code of Conduct. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters of each of the Audit, Compensation
and Nominating and Governance Committees and Code of Conduct are available in the “Investors—Corporate Governance”
section of our website at http://www.danaher.com. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Back to Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Non-Management Director Compensation Program Non-Management Director Compensation Philosophy We use a combination of cash and equity-based compensation
to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board. In setting director compensation, the Board and the Nominating
and Governance Committee are guided by the following principles: • compensation should fairly pay directors for work required in
    a company of our size and scope, and differentiate among directors where appropriate to reflect different levels of responsibilities; • a significant portion of the total compensation should be paid in stock-based awards
    to align directors’ interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders; and • the structure of the compensation program should be simple and transparent. Process for Setting Non-Management Director Compensation The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible
for reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding non-management director compensation (although the Board makes
the final determination regarding the amounts and type of non-management director compensation). Since 2011, the Committee has
engaged FW Cook, the Board’s independent compensation consultant, to prepare regular reports on market non-management director
compensation practices and evaluate our program in light of the results of such reports. The Committee typically reviews, and seeks
advice from FW Cook regarding, the Company’s non-management director compensation on an annual basis. Danaher’s 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”
or the “Omnibus Plan”) limits the amount of cash and equity compensation that we may pay to a non-management director
each year. Under the plan terms, an annual limit of $800,000 per calendar year applies to the sum of all cash and equity-based
awards (calculated based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial reporting purposes) granted to each non-management
director for services as a member of the Board (plus an additional limit of $500,000 per calendar year with respect to any non-executive
Board chair or vice chair). Non-Management Director Compensation Structure Compensation Structure for Non-Management Directors Annual cash retainer $ 125,000 Annual equity award target award value $ 185,000 Committee chair annual cash retainer (Compensation, Nominating & Governance, Science & Technology) $ 20,000 Committee chair annual cash retainer (Audit) $ 25,000 Lead Independent Director annual cash retainer $ 40,000 Per meeting cash fee for each Board/committee meeting a director attends in excess of twenty during a calendar year $ 2,000 Director cash retainers are paid quarterly in arrears.
Director annual equity awards are divided equally (based on target award value) between options and RSUs. The options are fully
vested as of the grant date. The RSUs vest upon the earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the grant date, or (2) the
date of, and immediately prior to, the next annual meeting of Danaher’s shareholders following the grant date, but the underlying
shares are not issued until the earlier of the director’s death or the first day of the seventh month following the director’s
retirement from the Board. Danaher also reimburses directors for Danaher-related out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 28 Back to Contents Non-Management Directors’ Deferred Compensation
Plan Each non-management director can elect to defer all
or part of the cash director fees that the director earns with respect to a particular year under the Non-Employee Directors’
Deferred Compensation Plan, which is a sub-plan under the Omnibus Plan. Amounts deferred under the plan are converted into a particular
number of phantom shares of Danaher Common Stock, calculated based on the closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock on the
date that such quarterly fees would otherwise have been paid, and are maintained in bookkeeping accounts. Dividends accrued on
phantom shares are also deemed invested in phantom shares of Danaher Common Stock. A director may elect to have his or her plan
balance distributed upon cessation of Board service, or one, two, three, four or five years after cessation of Board service. All
distributions from the plan are in the form of shares of Danaher Common Stock. Director Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by
Danaher to the non-management directors for the year ended December 31, 2020. Each of Steven Rales, Mitchell Rales and Rainer
M. Blair serves (and Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. during his Board tenure served) as a director and executive officer of Danaher but have
not and do not receive any additional compensation for services provided as a director. Neither Steven Rales nor Mitchell Rales
is a named executive officer. Details regarding the 2020 executive compensation provided to each of Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales
is set forth under “Director Independence and Related Person Transactions.” Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) Option Awards ($) (1)(2) Total ($) Donald
    J. Ehrlich (3) $ 61,975 $ 0 $ 0 $ 61,975 Linda
    Hefner Filler (4) 0 276,578 84,604 361,182 Teri
    List (4) 0 225,978 84,604 310,582 Walter G.
    Lohr, Jr. 159,000 92,978 84,604 336,582 Jessica
    L. Mega, MD, MPH 125,000 92,978 84,604 302,582 Pardis
    C. Sabeti, MD, D. Phil. (4) 0 217,978 84,604 302,582 John T.
    Schwieters 164,000 92,978 84,604 341,582 Alan
    G. Spoon (4) 0 231,278 84,604 315,882 Raymond
    C. Stevens, Ph.D. (4) 0 217,978 84,604 302,582 Elias
    A. Zerhouni, MD (4) 0 249,978 84,604 334,582 (1) The amounts reflected in these columns represent
    the aggregate grant date fair value of the applicable award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. With respect to
    stock awards, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 is calculated based on the number of shares of Common Stock
    underlying the award, times the closing price of the Danaher Common Stock on the date of grant (but discounted to account
    for the fact that RSUs do not accrue dividend rights prior to vesting and distribution). With respect to stock options, the
    grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 has been calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on
    the following assumptions (and assuming no forfeitures): an 8.0 year option life; a risk-free interest rate of 0.54%; a stock
    price volatility rate of 30.49%; and a dividend yield of 0.44% per share. (2) The table below sets forth as to
    each non-management director the aggregate number of unvested RSUs and aggregate number of stock options outstanding as of
    December 31, 2020. All of the stock options set forth in the table below are fully vested. The RSUs set forth in the
    table below vest in accordance with the terms described above. Name of Director Aggregate Number of Danaher Stock Options Owned as of December 31, 2020 Aggregate Number of Unvested Danaher RSUs Owned as of December 31, 2020 Donald
    J. Ehrlich 25,790 0 Linda
    Hefner Filler 31,730 575 Teri
    List 27,380 575 Walter
    G. Lohr, Jr. 31,730 575 Jessica
    L. Mega, MD, MPH 2,660 575 Pardis
    C. Sabeti, MD, D. Phil. 2,660 575 John
    T. Schwieters 31,730 575 Alan
    G. Spoon 22,832 575 Raymond
    C. Stevens, Ph.D. 10,000 575 Elias
    A. Zerhouni, MD. 22,832 575 (3) Mr. Ehrlich served on Danaher’s Board until May
    2020. (4) Each of Mss. Hefner Filler and List,
    Mr. Spoon, Professor Stevens and Drs. Zerhouni and Sabeti deferred 100% of his or her 2020 cash director fees into phantom
    shares of Danaher Common Stock under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. Pursuant to such deferrals,
    Ms. Hefner Filler received 876 phantom shares, Ms. List-received 644 phantom shares, Dr. Sabeti received 610 phantom
    shares, Mr. Spoon received 669 phantom shares, Professor Stevens received 610 phantom shares and Dr. Zerhouni received
    758 phantom shares. Since these phantom shares are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 718, they are reported under the “Stock
    Awards” column in the table above. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Back to Contents DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS Director Independence At least a majority of the Board must qualify as independent
within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board has affirmatively determined that Mss. Hefner Filler and List,
Messrs. Lohr, Schwieters and Spoon, Professor Stevens and Drs. Mega, Sabeti and Zerhouni are independent within the meaning
of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board concluded that none of these directors possesses any of the bright-line relationships
set forth in the listing standards of the NYSE that prevent independence, or except as discussed below, any other relationship
with Danaher other than Board membership. In making its determination with respect to the independence
of the directors identified above as independent, the Board considered that in 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries sold products
and/or services to and purchased products and/ or services from organizations with whom such directors are or were employed. In
each case, the amount of sales and the amount of purchases were less than 1.5% of the annual revenues of such other organization’s
and of Danaher’s 2020 revenues and the transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and on an arms’-length
basis. Danaher’s non-management directors (all of whom
are, as noted above, independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE) meet in executive session following the
Board’s regularly-scheduled meetings. The sessions are chaired by the Lead Independent Director. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Policy Under Danaher’s written Related Person Transactions
Policy, the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board is required to review and if appropriate approve all related person
transactions, prior to consummation whenever practicable. If advance approval of a related person transaction is not practicable
under the circumstances or if Danaher management becomes aware of a related person transaction that has not been previously approved
or ratified, the transaction is submitted to the Committee at the Committee’s next meeting. The Committee is required to
review and consider all relevant information available to it about each related person transaction, and a transaction is considered
approved or ratified under the policy if the Committee authorizes it according to the terms of the policy after full disclosure
of the related person’s interests in the transaction. Related person transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed annually
by the Committee. The definition of “related person transactions” for purposes of the policy covers the transactions
that are required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act. Relationships and Transactions For their service as executive officers, in 2020 each
of Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales received a salary of $419,000 and was entitled to participate in all of the benefits made generally
available to salaried employees as well as all perquisites made generally available to Danaher’s executive officers. Steven
Rales also received a 401(k) plan contribution of $20,046 and Mitchell Rales received a 401(k) plan contribution of $11,156 and
a non-elective contribution of $5,635 into his ECP account. The Rales’ do not receive cash incentive compensation or equity
awards. In 2020, Danaher provided to the Rales’ tax and accounting services at a cost to Danaher of approximately $304,000
in the form of one full-time employee (plus health and welfare benefits for such employee), allowed the Rales’ to make personal
use of designated Danaher office space at a cost to Danaher of approximately $442,000, provided Mr. Steven Rales with a personal
car and parking at a cost to Danaher of approximately $3,800 and provided Mr. Mitchell Rales with tickets to entertainment
events at a cost to Danaher of approximately $2,250. The incremental cost to the Company of the perquisites set forth above is
based on the Company’s out-of-pocket costs and in the case of the tickets to entertainment events, the face value of the
tickets. Danaher also provided a full-time executive assistant to each of the Rales’ to support them in their roles as Danaher
executive officers. In each case, their use of a minority of their 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 30 Back to Contents assistant’s time for non-Danaher matters resulted
in no incremental cost to Danaher. Separately, in 2020, Steven Rales and Mitchell Rales paid Danaher approximately $150,000 for
providing benefits for, and as reimbursement for paying a portion of the salaries of, persons who provide services to the Rales’. FJ900, Inc. (“FJ900”), an indirect, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Danaher, is party to an airplane management agreement with Joust Capital II, LLC (“Joust II”) and a substantially
identical agreement with Joust Capital III, LLC (“Joust III” and together with Joust II, the “Joust entities”).
Joust II is controlled by Mitchell Rales and Joust III is controlled by Steven Rales. Under the management agreements, FJ900 performs
management services for the respective aircraft owned by each of the Joust entities in like manner to the management services provided
by FJ900 for Danaher’s aircraft. The management services provided by FJ900 include the provision of aircraft management,
pilot services, maintenance, record-keeping, aircraft procurement and disposition and other aviation services. FJ900 receives no
compensation for its services under the agreements. Having FJ900 perform management services for all of these aircraft enables
Danaher and the Joust entities to share certain fixed expenses relating to the use, maintenance, storage, operation and supervision
of their respective aircraft and utilize joint purchasing or joint bargaining arrangements where applicable and appropriate, allowing
each party to benefit from efficiencies of scale and cost savings. We believe that this cost-sharing arrangement results in lower
costs to Danaher than if we incurred these fixed costs on a stand-alone basis. Under the agreement, FJ900 prorates all shared expenses
annually among the Joust entities and Danaher based primarily on each party’s flight hours logged for the year. The Joust
entities pre-pay FJ900 on a quarterly basis for their estimated, prorated portion of such shared expenses, and the amounts are
trued up at the end of the year. With respect to the year ended December 31, 2020, the Joust entities together paid FJ900
approximately $3.1 million for the Joust entities’ share of the fixed airplane management expenses shared with Danaher. Each
Joust entity pays directly all expenses attributable to its aircraft that are not shared. Under the management agreements, each
party is also required to maintain a prescribed amount of comprehensive aviation liability insurance and name the other party and
its affiliates as additional named insureds, while the Joust entities must also maintain all-risk hull insurance for their aircraft.
If either party suffers any losses in connection with the arrangements set forth in the management agreement, and such losses are
due to the fault, negligence, breach or strict liability of the other party, the sole recourse of the party incurring the loss
against the other party is to the available insurance proceeds. Each management agreement may be terminated by any party upon 30
days’ notice. In addition, Danaher is party to substantially identical
airplane interchange agreements with each of the Joust entities with respect to each respective aircraft owned by Danaher and by
each of the Joust entities. Under each interchange agreement, the Joust entity has agreed to lease its aircraft to Danaher and
Danaher has agreed to lease the respective Danaher aircraft to the Joust entity, in each case on a non-exclusive basis. Neither
party is charged for its use of the other party’s aircraft, the intent being that over the life of the contract each party’s
usage of the other party’s aircraft will be generally equal. With respect to the year ended December 31, 2020, the incremental
value of the use of the Joust aircraft by Danaher, net of the incremental value of the use of the Danaher aircraft by the Joust
entities, was approximately $195,000. The owner of each aircraft, as operator of the aircraft, is responsible for providing a flight
crew for all flights operated under the interchange agreement. Each owner/ operator is required to maintain standard insurance,
including all-risk hull insurance and a prescribed amount of comprehensive aviation liability insurance, and to name the other
party and its affiliates as additional named insureds. With respect to any losses suffered by the party using the owner/operator’s
plane, the using party’s recourse against the owner/operator is limited to the amount of available insurance proceeds. To
the extent the using party and/or any third party suffers losses in connection with the using party’s use of the owner/operator’s
aircraft, and recovers from the owner/operator an amount in excess of the available insurance proceeds, the using party will indemnify
the owner/operator for all such excess amounts. The interchange agreements may be terminated by either party upon 10 days’
notice. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Back to Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF DANAHER COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS The following table sets forth as of March 1,
2021 (unless otherwise indicated) the number of shares and percentage of Danaher Common Stock beneficially owned by (1) each
person who owns of record or is known to Danaher to beneficially own more than five percent of Danaher’s Common Stock, (2) each
of Danaher’s directors and named executive officers, and (3) all executive officers and directors of Danaher as a group. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percent of Class (1) Notes Rainer M. Blair 118,138 * Includes options to acquire 102,514 shares and 9,320
    shares attributable to his account in the Company’s deferred compensation program. Linda Hefner Filler 61,879 * Includes options to acquire 31,730 shares and 6,374 phantom
    shares attributable to her account under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. Teri List 33,569 * Includes options to acquire 27,380 shares and 6,189 phantom
    shares attributable to her account under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 459,480 * Includes options to acquire 31,730 shares, 36,750 shares
    held by a charitable foundation of which Mr. Lohr is president and 391,000 other shares held indirectly. Mr. Lohr
    disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the charitable foundation. Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH 2,660 * Consists of options to acquire 2,660 shares. Mitchell P. Rales 35,671,795 5.0% Includes 32,000,000 shares owned by limited liability
    companies of which a revocable trust controlled by Mr. Rales is the sole member, 194,440 shares attributable to Mr. Rales’
    401(k) Plan account, 1,591 shares attributable to Mr. Rales’ account in the Company’s deferred compensation program,
    50,081 shares underlying Mandatory Convertible Preferred Shares of the Company (based on the minimum conversion rate of 5.0081
    common shares for each preferred share), 147,703 shares attributable to a charitable foundation of which Mr. Rales is a director
    (consisting of 22,500 common shares and an additional 125,203 common shares underlying Mandatory Convertible Preferred Shares
    of the Company (based on the minimum conversion rate indicated above)) and 3,277,981 other shares owned indirectly. Mr. Rales
    disclaims beneficial ownership of those shares held by the charitable foundation. The shares held by the limited liability
    companies and 425,000 other shares owned indirectly are pledged to secure lines of credit with certain banks and each of these
    entities and Mr. Rales is in compliance with these lines of credit. The business address of Mitchell Rales, and of each of
    the limited liability companies, is 11790 Glen Rd., Potomac, MD 20854. Steven M. Rales 43,454,894 6.1% Includes 34,000,000 shares owned by limited liability
    companies of which a revocable trust controlled by Mr. Rales is the sole member, 19,250 shares attributable to Mr. Rales’
    401(k) Plan account, 125,202 shares underlying Mandatory Convertible Preferred Shares of the Company (based on the minimum
    conversion rate indicated above) held by a revocable trust controlled by Mr. Rales, 295,702 shares attributable to a charitable
    foundation of which Mr. Rales is the director (consisting of 170,500 common shares and an additional 125,202 common shares
    underlying Mandatory Convertible Preferred Shares of the Company (based on the minimum conversion rate indicated above)),
    and 9,014,740 other shares owned indirectly. Mr. Rales disclaims beneficial ownership of those shares held by the charitable
    foundation. The shares held by the limited liability companies are pledged to secure lines of credit with certain banks and
    each of these entities and Mr. Rales is in compliance with these lines of credit. The business address of Steven Rales,
    and of each of the limited liability companies, is 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037-1701. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 32 Back to Contents Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percent of Class (1) Notes Pardis C. Sabeti, MD, D.Phil 3,369 * Consists of options to acquire 2,660 shares and 709 phantom shares attributable to her account under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. John T. Schwieters 55,683 * Includes options to acquire 31,730 shares and 16,953 other shares held indirectly. Alan G. Spoon 98,828 * Includes options to acquire 22,832 shares and 8,700 other shares owned indirectly. Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. 13,713 * Includes options to acquire 10,000 shares and 3,713 phantom shares attributable to his account under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. Elias A. Zerhouni, MD 39,741 * Includes options to acquire 22,832 shares and 7,500 other shares held indirectly. Matthew R. McGrew 125,555 * Includes options to acquire 111,960 shares and 8,724 shares attributable to his 401(k) account. Joakim Weidemanis 250,076 * Includes options to acquire 189,745 shares and 15,311 shares attributable to his account in the Company’s deferred compensation program. Angela S. Lalor 146,160 * Includes options to acquire 121,797 shares and 20,461 shares attributable to her account in the Company’s deferred compensation program. Brian W. Ellis 87,872 * Includes options to acquire 76,318 shares and 8,626 shares attributable to his account in the Company’s deferred compensation program. Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 256,137 * Includes 126,472 shares attributable to his account in the Company’s deferred compensation program, 61,268 shares attributable to his 401(k) account and 16,042 other shares owned indirectly. William K. Daniel II 211,105 * Includes options to acquire 172,930 shares. The Vanguard Group 48,739,681 6.8% Derived from a Schedule 13G filed February 10, 2021 by The Vanguard Group, which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2020. According to the Schedule 13G, The Vanguard Group has shared voting power over 1,038,507 shares, sole dispositive power over 45,976,180 shares and shared dispositive power over 2,763,501 shares. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. BlackRock, Inc. 47,444,026 6.7% Derived from a Schedule 13G filed February 5, 2021 by BlackRock, Inc., which sets forth their beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2020. According to the Schedule 13G, BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power over 41,833,075 shares and sole dispositive power over 47,444,026 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055. All current executive officers and directors as a group (22 persons) 81,083,756 11.4% Includes options to acquire 1,120,142 shares, 224,425 shares attributable to executive officers’ 401(k) accounts, 156,943 shares attributable to executive officers’ accounts in the Company’s deferred compensation program and 16,986 phantom shares attributable to directors’ accounts under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan. (1) Except as otherwise indicated and subject to community property
    laws where applicable, each person or entity included in the table above has sole voting and investment power with respect
    to the shares beneficially owned by that person or entity. * Represents less than 1% of the outstanding Danaher Common Stock. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Back to Contents PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm The Audit Committee on behalf of Danaher has selected
Ernst & Young LLP, an international accounting firm of independent certified public accountants, to act as the independent
registered public accounting firm for Danaher and its consolidated subsidiaries for the year ending December 31, 2021. Representatives
of Ernst & Young LLP are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement
if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Although shareholder approval of the selection
of Ernst & Young LLP is not required by law, Danaher’s Board believes that it is advisable to give shareholders
an opportunity to ratify this selection. If this proposal is not approved by Danaher’s shareholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting,
the Audit Committee will reconsider its selection of Ernst & Young LLP. Even if the selection of Ernst & Young
LLP is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at
any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of Danaher and its shareholders. THE
    BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR RATIFICATION
    OF THE SELECTION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP TO SERVE AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR DANAHER FOR 2021. Audit Fees and All Other Fees The following table sets forth the fees for audit,
audit-related, tax and other services rendered by Ernst & Young LLP to Danaher for 2020 and 2019. Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 Audit Fees. Fees
    for the audit of annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, reviews of quarterly financial
    statements, and the services that an independent auditor would customarily provide in connection with subsidiary audits, statutory
    requirements, regulatory filings and similar engagements, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents, and assistance
    with review of documents filed with the SEC. Audit fees also include advice about accounting matters that arose in connection
    with or as a result of the annual audit or the review of quarterly financial statements and statutory audits that non-U.S. jurisdictions
    require. $ 22,498,956 $ 25,455,299 Audit-Related Fees. Fees
    for assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements and
    internal control over financial reporting that are not reported under “Audit Fees” above. This category may include
    fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations; audits of our employee
    benefit plans; due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions, and investments; and accounting consultations about the application
    of GAAP to proposed transactions. $ 575,731 $ 315,545 Tax Fees. Fees
    for professional services related to tax compliance and return preparation, tax advice and tax planning. (1) $ 6,880,019 $ 9,913,730 All Other Fees. Fees
    for products and services other than as reported under “Audit Fees,” “Audit-Related Fees” or “Tax
    Fees” above. 0 0 (1) The nature of the services comprising
    the fees disclosed under “Tax Fees” is as follows: Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 Tax Compliance. Includes tax compliance fees for
    tax return review and preparation services and assistance related to tax audits by regulatory authorities. $              3,936,832 $               5,778,787 Tax Consulting. Includes tax consulting
    services, including assistance related to tax planning. $              2,943,187 $               4,134,943 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 34 Back to Contents The Audit Committee has considered whether the services
rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the fees described above are compatible with maintaining
such firm’s independence and has concluded that such services do not impair such firm’s independence. Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors Under its charter, the Audit Committee must pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for Danaher by the independent registered public accounting
firm. Each year, the Committee approves the independent registered public accounting firm’s retention to audit Danaher’s
financial statements and internal control over financial reporting before the filing of the preceding year’s annual report
on Form 10-K. The Committee also establishes detailed pre-approved categories of non-audit services that may
be performed by the independent auditor during the year, subject to certain monetary limits. With respect to additional non-audit services
by the independent auditors that either are not covered by the pre-approved categories, or exceed the pre-approved monetary
limits, the Committee approves or rejects each engagement. In each case, the Committee takes into account whether the services
are permissible under applicable law and the possible impact of each non-audit service on the independent registered public accounting
firm’s independence from management. The Committee may delegate to a subcommittee of one or more members the authority to
grant preapprovals of audit and permitted non-audit services, and the decisions of such subcommittee to grant preapprovals must
be presented to the full Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Committee has not made any such delegation as of the date
of this Proxy Statement. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Back to Contents Audit Committee Report This report is not deemed to be “soliciting
material” or to be “filed” with the SEC or subject to the SEC’s proxy rules or to the liabilities of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any prior or subsequent
filing by Danaher under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent Danaher specifically
incorporates this report by reference therein. The Audit Committee assists the Board in overseeing
the quality and integrity of Danaher’s financial statements, the effectiveness of Danaher’s internal control over financial
reporting, the qualifications, independence and performance of Danaher’s independent registered public accounting firm, the
performance of Danaher’s internal audit function, Danaher’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, Danaher’s
major financial risk exposures, significant legal, compliance, reputational, cybersecurity and privacy risks and overall risk assessment
and risk management policies, and Danaher’s swaps and derivatives transactions and related policies and procedures. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the
appointment, compensation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm retained to audit Danaher’s
financial statements and has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as Danaher’s independent registered public accounting firm
for 2021. The Audit Committee evaluates Ernst & Young’s performance at least annually. In evaluating Ernst & Young
and determining whether to reappoint the firm as Danaher’s independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee
took into consideration a number of factors, including the firm’s tenure, independence, global capability and expertise and
performance. Ernst & Young has been retained as Danaher’s independent registered public accounting firm continuously
since 2002. The Audit Committee periodically considers the advisability and impact of rotating our independent registered public
accountants. In conjunction with the mandated rotation of Ernst & Young’s lead engagement partner every five years,
the Audit Committee (including its chair) are directly involved in the selection of Ernst & Young’s new lead engagement
partner. The Audit Committee is also responsible for the audit fee negotiations associated with Danaher’s retention of Ernst
& Young. Danaher’s Board of Directors and Audit Committee believe they have undertaken appropriate steps with respect
to oversight of Ernst & Young’s independence and that the continued retention of Ernst & Young to serve
as Danaher’s independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of Danaher and its shareholders. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee
has reviewed and discussed with Danaher’s management and Ernst & Young Danaher’s audited consolidated financial
statements and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee has discussed with Ernst & Young
those matters required to be discussed under the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”)
and the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from Ernst & Young required
by the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning
independence, and has discussed with Ernst & Young its independence. The Audit Committee has concluded that Ernst & Young’s
provision of non-audit services as described in the table above is compatible with Ernst & Young’s independence. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above,
the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited consolidated financial statements for Danaher for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020 be included in Danaher’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 for filing
with the SEC. Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors John T. Schwieters (Chair) Teri List Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 36 Back to Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS THE FOLLOWING SECTION DISCUSSES AND ANALYZES THE COMPENSATION
PROVIDED TO EACH OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS SET FORTH IN THE SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE BELOW, ALSO REFERRED TO AS THE NAMED EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS, OR NEOS. THE CONTENT OF THIS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS IS ORGANIZED INTO SIX SECTIONS: TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 1 – Executive Summary 37 Section 2 – Risk Considerations 42 Section 3 – Analysis of 2020 Named
    Executive Officer Compensation 43 Section 4 – Peer Group Compensation
    Analysis 49 Section 5 – Named Executive Officer
    Compensation Framework 50 Section 6 – Other Compensation Policies
    and Information 50 Executive Summary Overview As discussed above in the section titled “Proxy Statement
Summary – Business Highlights,” the COVID-19 pandemic posed an unprecedented challenge to our business in 2020, and
in response we have focused on the health and well-being of our associates, mitigating disruptions to our businesses and deploying
the full breadth of our portfolio in the fight against the virus. Notwithstanding the pandemic and the transition of the CEO role
from Mr. Joyce to Mr. Blair in September 2020, over the course of 2020 Danaher: • continued to invest in future growth,
    investing $1.3 billion in research and development and acquiring the Cytiva business for a cash purchase price of approximately
    $20.7 billion; • returned approximately $500 million to common
    stockholders through cash dividends (marking the 28 th year in a row Danaher has paid a dividend on its common stock);
    and • increased revenues by 24.5% and net earnings by
    50.0% on a year-over-year basis and generated $6.2 billion of operating cash flow. We note below under “—Named Executive Officer Compensation
Framework” that the philosophy and goals of our compensation program have remained consistent over time but also give our
Committee flexibility to take into account the then-prevailing economic and social environment. Despite the challenges posed by
the pandemic and despite our leadership transition, the expectations of our executive officers in 2020 remained consistent with
prior years as did the overall structure of our executive compensation program. In determining the compensation structure and amounts
for our new CEO, the Committee continued to apply the same guiding principles that have underpinned our CEO compensation program
for years; please see “—2020 Executive Compensation – CEO Transition and Other Organizational Changes”
below for additional details. For a further discussion of Danaher’s business performance
in 2020 and over the long term, please see “Proxy Statement Summary – Business Highlights.” Executive Compensation Program Objectives With the goal of building long-term value for our shareholders,
we maintain an executive compensation program designed to: • attract and retain executives with the leadership skills, attributes and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Danaher’s size, diversity and global footprint; 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Back to Contents • motivate executives to demonstrate exceptional
    personal performance and perform consistently at or above the levels that we expect, over the long-term and through a range
    of economic cycles; and • link compensation to the achievement of goals and
    objectives that we believe best correlate with the creation of long-term shareholder value. To achieve these objectives our compensation program combines
annual and long-term components, cash and equity, and fixed and variable elements, with a bias toward long-term equity awards tied
closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting and/or holding periods. Our executive compensation program rewards
our executive officers when they help increase long-term shareholder value, achieve annual business goals and build long-term careers
with Danaher. The science and technology markets in which we operate are competitive,
with demand sometimes exceeding the supply of talent, resulting in significant increases in compensation among the companies with
whom we compete for this talent. The same conditions exist in the market for executive-level talent that can provide innovative
leadership while managing at a global scale across multiple complex businesses. These trends require us to regularly and proactively
assess our executive compensation program to ensure it remains competitive in light of market conditions. Key Recent Changes to Executive Compensation Program Danaher’s Compensation Committee regularly reviews our executive
compensation program with a view toward continuous improvement and consideration of investor feedback. Effective in 2019, the Committee
enhanced the program as follows to reinforce the already-strong linkages (1) between pay and performance, (2) between the interests
of our shareholders and the interests of our executive officers, and (3) between the Company’s strategic plan and executive
compensation program: • Linking
    executive compensation metrics to our strategic plan . • Prior to 2019, three of Danaher’s four strategic financial metrics 1 were reflected in our executive compensation program. In 2019, the Company moved the return-on-invested-capital (“ROIC”) performance metric from our short-term incentive compensation program to our long-term incentive compensation program, and replaced the ROIC metric in the short-term incentive compensation program with a core revenue growth performance metric. The addition of a core revenue growth metric resulted in all four of Danaher’s strategic financial metrics being reflected in our executive compensation program. • As a result of these changes, the three financial performance metrics that determine the Company Payout Percentage in the short-term incentive program are Adjusted EPS (weighted 60%), Free Cash Flow Ratio (weighted 20%) and Core Revenue Growth (weighted 20%). In the long-term incentive program, the ROIC performance metric modifies the relative TSR performance metric, potentially adjusting the final payout up or down 10% (but not to exceed the maximum cap of 200% of target shares). • Enhancing performance orientation of annual long-term incentive program. In
    addition, Danaher simplified its annual long-term incentive program, moving from three annual award vehicles to two by generally
    replacing time-vested restricted stock units (RSUs) with performance stock units (PSUs). As a result, the annual target
    equity award value for executive officers is split evenly between stock options and PSUs and is entirely performance-based. RSUs are still used from time-to-time in our executive compensation program in certain circumstances, such as in connection
    with new hires or promotions or to address retention requirements. 2020 Say-On-Pay Vote We provide our shareholders the opportunity to cast an annual
advisory vote with respect to our NEO compensation as disclosed in our annual proxy statement (the “say on pay proposal”). At our annual meeting of shareholders in May 2020, 95% of the votes cast on the say on pay proposal were voted in favor of the
proposal. The Committee believes this result affirms shareholders’ support of the Company’s NEO compensation and
did not make changes to the Company’s executive compensation program as a result of such vote. (1) Danaher’s strategic
    priorities are to: enhance our portfolio in attractive science and technology markets through strategic capital allocation;
    strengthen our competitive advantage through consistent application of the DANAHER BUSINESS SYSTEM (“DBS”) tools;
    and consistently attract and retain exceptional talent. Danaher measures its progress against these strategic priorities over
    the long-term based primarily on financial metrics relating to revenue growth, profitability, cash flow and capital returns. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 38 Back to Contents 2020 Executive Compensation The chart below summarizes key information with respect to each
pay element represented in Danaher’s 2020 executive compensation program: Pay
    Element Primary
    Objectives Form Performance Requirement Key Committee Considerations in Determining 2020 Compensation Long-Term Incentive
    Compensation (Equity) • Attract,
        retain and motivate skilled executives • Align
        the interests of management and shareholders by
        ensuring that realized compensation is: • in
        the case of stock options, commensurate with long-term
        changes in share price; and • in
        the case of PSUs, tied to (1) long-term changes in
        share price at all performance levels, and (2)
        attainment of relative TSR and average ROIC performance
        goals. Stock options (50%) • 5-year,
        time- based vesting schedule • Options
        only have/increase in value if Danaher stock price
        increases • This
        pay element represented the most significant component of compensation
        for each NEO for 2020. • This
        pay element has the heaviest weighting of all our executive compensation
        program elements because it best supports our retention
        and motivation objectives and aligns the interests of our executives
        and shareholders. • From
        time to time, we also grant time-vested restricted stock units to
        executive officers, such as in connection with new hires or promotions
        or to address retention requirements. Performance stock units
    (PSUs) (50%) • 3-year
        relative TSR and average ROIC performance • 2-year
        holding period (incremental to 3-year performance
        period) Annual Cash Incentive
    Compensation • Motivate
        executives to achieve near-term operational and
        financial goals that support our long- term business
        objectives and strategic priorities • Attract,
        retain and motivate skilled executives • Allow
        for meaningful pay differentiation tied to annual performance
        of individuals and groups Cash Company Payout
    Percentage (60%) Adjusted EPS (3) (60%) Adjusted Free Cash
        Flow- to-Adjusted Net Income Ratio (3) (20%) Core Revenue Growth (3) (20%) This pay element represented the second-most significant component of compensation for each
    NEO for 2020. Its focus on near-term performance and
    the cash nature of the award complements the longer-term, equity- based
    compensation elements of our program. Personal Payout Percentage (40%) Fixed Annual Compensation • Provide
    sufficient fixed compensation to (1) allow a reasonable
    standard of living relative to peers, and (2) mitigate
    incentive to pursue inappropriate risk-taking to maximize
    variable pay Cash N/A • Base
        salary should be sufficient to avoid competitive disadvantage while
        facilitating a sustainable fixed cost structure. • We
        also periodically use fixed cash bonuses for recruitment and
        retention purposes to attract and compensate high-performing executives. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Back to Contents 2020 Executive Compensation (cont.) Pay Element Primary Objectives Form Performance Requirement Key Committee Considerations in Determining 2020 Compensation Other Compensation • Make
        our total executive compensation plan competitive • Improve
        cost-effectiveness by delivering perceived value that
        exceeds our actual costs Employee benefit plans;
    limited perquisites; severance benefits N/A • We
        believe these elements of compensation make our total executive
        compensation plan competitive and are generally commensurate
        with the benefits offered by our peers. • We
        believe the limited perquisites we offer are cost-effective in that the
        perceived value is higher than our actual cost, and they help to maximize
        the amount of time that executives spend on Danaher business. (2) Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Free Cash
    Flow-to-Adjusted Net Income Ratio (which we also refer to as “Free Cash Flow Ratio”) and Core Revenue Growth are
    financial measures that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Appendix A to
    this Proxy Statement quantifies and reconciles these measures to the comparable 2020 GAAP financial measures. “Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share”
    or “Adjusted EPS” means fully diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations for the year ended
    December 31, 2020 as determined pursuant to GAAP, but excluding the Adjustment Items and assuming the conversion of the Company’s
    Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (“MCPS”) as of January 1, 2020, and “Adjusted Net Income” means
    the Company’s net income from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 as determined pursuant to GAAP,
    but excluding the Adjustment Items. The Adjustment Items are defined as (1) unusual or infrequently occurring items in accordance
    with GAAP, (2) the impact of any change in accounting principles that occurs during the performance period and the cumulative
    effect thereof (the Committee may either apply the changed accounting principle to the performance period, or exclude the
    impact of the change in accounting principle from the period), (3) goodwill and other intangible impairment charges, (4) gains
    or charges associated with (i) a business becoming a discontinued operation, (ii) the sale or divestiture (in any manner)
    of any interest in a business or (iii) the obtaining or losing control of a business, as well as the gains or charges associated
    with the operation of any business (a) that during 2020 became a discontinued operation, (b) as to which control was lost
    in 2020, or (c) as to which the Company divested its interest in 2020, (5) gains or charges related to the sale or impairment
    of assets, (6)(i) all transaction costs directly related to the acquisition of any whole or partial interest in a business,
    (ii) all restructuring charges directly related to or arising from any business as to which the Company acquired a whole or
    partial interest and incurred within two years of the acquisition date, (iii) all charges and gains arising from the resolution
    of contingent liabilities identified as of the acquisition date and related to any business as to which the Company acquired
    a whole or partial interest, (iv) all other charges directly related to the acquisition of any whole or partial interest in
    a business and incurred within two years of the acquisition date, and (v) all gains or charges associated with the operation
    of any business as to which the Company acquired a whole or partial interest on or after January 1, 2020, (7) the impact of
    any discrete income tax charges or benefits recorded in the performance period, (8) dividends declared on our MCPS during
    2020, (9) gains or charges associated with any business in which the Company owns only a minority interest, and (10) all non-cash
    amortization charges; provided, that with respect to the gains and charges referred to in sections (3) - (5), (6)(iii), (6)(iv)
    and (7), only gains or charges that individually or as part of a series of related items exceed $10 million during the performance
    period are excluded. “Core Revenue Growth” is defined
    as sales from continuing operations calculated according to GAAP but excluding (1) sales from acquired businesses; and (2)
    the impact of currency translation. Sales attributable to acquired businesses refers to sales from acquired businesses recorded
    prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less the amount of sales attributable to divested product lines not considered
    discontinued operations. The portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between
    (i) the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses); and (ii) the period-to-period change
    in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year
    period. “Adjusted Free Cash Flow-to-Adjusted
    Net Income Ratio” or “Free Cash Flow Ratio” is defined as (A) the Company’s GAAP operating cash flow
    from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, less 2020 purchases of property, plant and equipment from
    continuing operations (net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment); but excluding the cash flow impact
    of any discrete tax item in excess of $10 million or any other item that is excluded from Adjusted Net Income as a result
    of the Adjustment Items, divided by (B) the Company’s Adjusted Net Income. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 40 Back to Contents CEO Transition and Other Organizational Changes Blair Appointment and Compensation In May 2020, pursuant to the Company’s succession-planning
process, Danaher’s Board of Directors announced that it had promoted Rainer M. Blair to succeed Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. as Danaher’s
President and CEO effective as of September 1, 2020 (the “Effective Date”). Below is an overview of the 2020 compensation
decisions our Compensation Committee made in connection with such transition. The Committee initially determined Mr. Blair’s
2020 compensation in the first quarter of 2020 and subsequently modified it as a result of his promotion to CEO. In connection
with Mr. Blair’s promotion, the Committee revised his base salary, target annual cash incentive compensation opportunity
and annual equity compensation target award value to levels that the Committee believes appropriate in light of his increased responsibilities
as CEO and the opportunities that would be available to Mr. Blair in the competitive marketplace as a newly-appointed CEO. In determining
these levels, the Committee also took into account the compensation progression over Mr. Joyce’s tenure as CEO, the significant
proportion of Mr. Blair’s annual cash and equity compensation that is performance-based, his overall tenure and performance
record with Danaher, his prior compensation level as an Executive Vice President and the compensation levels of the Company’s
other named executive officers (without assigning any particular weighting to any of these factors). Specifically, the Committee: • increased Mr. Blair’s annual
    base salary rate from $873,600 to $1.1 million, effective as of the Effective Date; • modified his 2020 annual cash incentive compensation
    opportunity under the Plan, effective as of the Effective Date, to provide that 66.6% of such award would be based on a target
    percentage of 125% and a base salary rate of $873,600 (reflecting the terms in effect during the portion of 2020 he served
    as Executive Vice President), and 33.4% of such award would be based on a target percentage of 200% and a base salary rate
    of $1.1 million (reflecting the new terms applicable to the portion of 2020 he served as President and Chief Executive Officer); • approved an incremental 2020 equity award under
    the Plan (additional to the annual equity award granted to him in February 2020) in May 2020 with a target award value of
    $2.067 million, split evenly between stock options and performance stock units, in each case in a manner consistent with the
    Company’s standard grant practices. One-half of the stock options will vest on each of the fourth and fifth anniversaries
    of the grant date. The PSUs are subject to a three-year performance period and further two-year holding period, each as further
    described below; and • approved relocation benefits in accordance with
    the Company’s relocation policy for executives, parking, financial/tax planning and tax preparation services, an annual
    physical, and personal usage of the Company aircraft beginning on the Effective Date (with any personal aircraft usage in
    excess of $125,000 per year subject to full reimbursement by Mr. Blair). Although the Committee did not target the performance-based portion
of Mr. Blair’s annual cash compensation at any particular percentage of his annual cash compensation, the Committee set Mr.
Blair’s base salary at a level lower, and his target annual cash incentive compensation opportunity at a level higher, than
typical among the Company’s peer companies to help ensure that his annual cash compensation is highly performance-based.
For details regarding the severance rights agreed to with Mr. Blair in connection with his promotion, please see “Summary
of Employment Agreements and Plans – Employment Agreements - Named Executive Officer Proprietary Interest Agreements.” Joyce Retirement and Compensation The Committee initially determined Mr. Joyce’s 2020 compensation
in the first quarter of 2020. In connection with Mr. Joyce’s retirement, Mr. Joyce agreed to continue his employment at the
Company as Senior Advisor from the Effective Date through February 28, 2021 to assist in the Company’s leadership transition.
The Committee determined that Mr. Joyce’s annual base salary, health and welfare benefits and perquisites would continue
unchanged from the Effective Date through February 28, 2021 (except that he would be required to reimburse the Company for all
personal use of the Company aircraft during such period); his 2020 annual cash incentive compensation opportunity (with a 200%
target bonus percentage) would be pro-rated based on the percentage of the year he served as President and Chief Executive Officer;
and his outstanding equity awards would be treated in accordance with the terms of the Company’s 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan
and the applicable award agreements. Please see “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans – Employment Agreements
– Joyce Agreement” for further details. Weidemanis Promotion and Compensation In connection with the departure of William K. Daniel II (who
served as Executive Vice President) from the Company in March 2020, the Company’s other Executive Vice President, Joakim
Weidemanis, assumed oversight responsibility for the Company’s Diagnostics segment (in addition to his existing oversight
responsibility for the Company’s Environmental & Applied Solutions segment). To recognize the expansion of his responsibilities,
the Committee increased Mr. Weidemanis’ base salary rate from $789,360 to $900,000 in March 2020 and granted him an incremental
equity award (additional to the annual equity award granted to him in February 2020) in May 2020, as described in the “Grants
of Plan-Based Awards” table. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 41 Back to Contents Compensation Governance The Committee recognizes that the success of our executive compensation
program over the long-term requires a robust framework of compensation governance. As a result, the Committee regularly reviews
external executive compensation practices and trends and incorporates best practices into our executive compensation program: WHAT
    WE DO WHAT
    WE DON’T DO Five-year vesting requirement for stock options; three-year
    performance period plus further two-year holding period for PSUs No tax gross-up provisions (except as applicable to management
    employees generally such as relocation policy) Incentive compensation programs feature multiple, different
    performance measures aligned with the Company’s strategic performance metrics No dividend/dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards Short-term and long-term performance metrics that balance our
    absolute performance and our relative performance versus peer companies No “single trigger” change of control benefits Rigorous, no-fault clawback policy that is triggered even
    in the absence of wrongdoing No active defined benefit pension program since 2003 Minimum one-year vesting requirement for 95% of shares
    granted under the Company’s stock plan No hedging of Danaher securities permitted Stock ownership requirements for all executive officers No long-term incentive compensation is denominated or paid
    in cash (other than PSU dividend accruals) Limited perquisites and a cap on CEO/CFO personal aircraft
    usage No above-market returns on deferred compensation plans Independent compensation consultant that performs no other
    services for the Company No overlapping performance metrics between short-term and long-term
    incentive compensation programs Risk Considerations Risk-taking is a necessary part of growing a business, and prudent
risk management is necessary to deliver long-term, sustainable shareholder value. The Committee believes that the Company’s
executive compensation program supports the objectives described above without encouraging inappropriate or excessive risk-taking.
In reaching this conclusion, the Committee considered in particular the following risk-mitigation attributes of our compensation
program. ATTRIBUTE KEY
    RISK MITIGATING EFFECT • Emphasis
        on long-term, equity-based compensation • Five-year
        vesting requirement for stock options, and three-year performance period plus
        further two-year mandatory holding period for PSUs • Discourages
        risk-taking that produces short-term results at the expense of building long-term
        shareholder value • Helps
        ensure executives realize their compensation over a time horizon consistent with achieving
        long-term shareholder value • Rigorous,
    no-fault clawback policy that is triggered even in the absence of wrongdoing • Helps
    deter inappropriate actions and decisions that could harm Danaher and its key stakeholders • Incentive
    compensation programs feature multiple, complementary performance measures aligned
    with business strategy • Mitigates
    incentive to over-perform with respect to any particular metric at the expense of other
    metrics • Cap
    on annual cash incentive compensation plan payments and on number of shares that
    may be earned under equity awards • Mitigates
    incentive to over-perform with respect to any particular performance period at the expense
    of future periods • Stock
        ownership requirements for all executive officers • No
        hedging of Danaher securities permitted • Aligns
    executives’ economic interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders • Annual
    cash incentive compensation awards are subject to Compensation Committee discretion • Mitigates
    risks associated with a strictly formulaic program, which could unintentionally incentivize
    an undue focus on certain performance metrics or encourage imprudent risk taking • Independent
    compensation consultant • Helps
    ensure advice will not be influenced by conflicts of interest 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 42 Back to Contents Analysis of 2020 Named Executive Officer Compensation Overview In determining the appropriate mix and amount of
compensation elements for each NEO for 2020, the Committee considered the factors referred to under “– Named
Executive Officer Compensation Framework” (without assigning any particular weight to any factor), exercised its
judgment and adopted the compensation elements described above under “Executive Summary – 2020 Executive
Compensation.” The graphics below illustrate, for Mr. Blair and separately for the other NEOs in aggregate, the
percentage of 2020 compensation that each element of compensation accounted for (based on the amounts reported in the 2020
Summary Compensation Table): Long-Term Incentive Awards Target Award Values In February 2020, the Committee subjectively determined the target
dollar value of annual equity compensation to be delivered to each NEO in 2020, taking into account the following factors (none
of which was assigned a particular weight by the Committee): • the relative complexity and importance
    of the officer’s position; • the officer’s performance record and potential
    to contribute to future Company performance and assume additional leadership responsibility; • the risk/reward ratio of the award amount compared
    to the length of the related vesting and holding provisions, including the fact that the combined vesting and holding periods
    applicable to our executive awards are longer than typical for our peer group; • the amount of equity compensation necessary to
    provide sufficient retention value and long-term performance incentives in light of (1) compensation levels within the Company’s
    peer group, and (2) the officer’s historical compensation; • the competitive demand for our executives; and • the lack of a defined benefit pension plan for
    Danaher executives, and therefore the significance of long-term incentive awards as a capital accumulation opportunity. In determining Mr. Joyce’s annual equity compensation in
February 2020, the Committee considered in particular the Company’s strong financial and operational performance under Mr.
Joyce’s leadership and Mr. Joyce’s leadership with respect to the transformational acquisition of Cytiva; the Company’s
successful separation of its Envista business; the Company’s progress in building a culture of employee engagement; and the
Company’s progress in enhancing its culture and capabilities in the area of innovation. For a discussion of the Committee’s considerations in determining
Mr. Blair’s incremental equity compensation in connection with his 2020 appointment as President and CEO, and the incremental
equity award granted to Mr. Weidemanis in May 2020, please see “Executive Summary – CEO Transition and Other Organizational
Changes.” Equity Award Mix With respect to each of the NEO 2020 annual equity awards and
with respect to Mr. Blair’s incremental equity award in connection with his promotion to CEO, one-half of the target award
value was delivered as stock options and one-half as PSUs (please see “Grants of Plan-Based Awards” table for the grant
date fair value of the awards granted to each NEO). The Committee believes that the combination of stock options and PSUs effectively
balances the goals of incentivizing and rewarding shareholder value creation while supporting our talent retention objectives: 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 43 Back to Contents • Stock options and PSUs inherently
    incentivize shareholder value creation, since option holders realize no value unless our stock price rises after the option
    grant date and the value of PSUs is tied directly to the Company’s relative TSR performance. • Our stock options vest over five years and our
    PSUs are subject to a three-year performance period and a further two-year holding period. In aggregate, these periods are
    longer than typical for our peer group, promote stability and encourage officers to take a long-term view of our performance. • The Committee believes our stock option award
    program in particular has contributed significantly to our strong performance record, which in turn has generally made our
    stock option awards valuable over the long-term and highly effective in recruiting, motivating and retaining highly-skilled
    officers. The target award value of the incremental equity award granted
to Mr. Weidemanis in May 2020 in connection with his promotion was split equally between stock options and time-vesting restricted
stock units that vest over a five-year period (“RSUs”). The committee determined to award the full-value portion of
this incremental award in the form of RSUs rather than PSUs because the primary objective of this award was to incentivize retention,
and compared to PSUs, time-vesting RSUs have retention value across a broader range of market scenarios (for example, during periods
of stock market declines or modest growth). PSU Performance Criteria The executive officer PSUs granted in 2020 are subject to two
performance criteria: RELATIVE TSR The number of shares of Common Stock that vest pursuant to the
PSU award is based primarily on the Company’s total shareholder return (TSR) ranking relative to the S&P 500 Index over
an approximately three-year performance period. The Committee established threshold, target and maximum relative TSR performance
levels and established a payout percentage curve that relates each level of performance to a payout expressed as a percentage of
the target PSUs, as illustrated in the table below: Performance Level (Relative TSR Rank Within S&P 500 Index) Payout Percentage Below 35 th percentile 0 % 35 th percentile 50 % 55 th percentile 100 % 75 th percentile or above 200 % The payout percentages for performance between the performance
levels indicated above are determined by linear interpolation. The Committee selected the S&P 500 Index as the relative TSR
comparator group because the index consists of a broad and stable group of companies that represents investors’ alternative
capital investment opportunities, reinforcing the linkage between our executive compensation program and the long-term interests
of our shareholders. ROIC The Company’s three-year average ROIC performance beginning
with the year of grant, compared to the Company’s ROIC for the year immediately preceding the year of grant (the “baseline
year”), can increase or decrease the number of shares that would otherwise vest by 10% (but cannot cause the payout percentage
to exceed 200%), as illustrated in the table below: Three Year Average ROIC Change (3) (Compared to Baseline Year ROIC) ROIC Modifier Factor At or above + 200 basis points 110 % Below + 200 basis points and above zero basis points 100 % At or below zero basis points 90 % (3) “Three Year Average
    ROIC Change” means (1) the quotient of (a) the Company’s Adjusted Net Income for the three-year ROIC performance
    period divided by three, divided by (b) the Company’s Adjusted Invested Capital for the ROIC performance period, less
    (2) the quotient of (x) the Company’s Adjusted Net Income for the year immediately preceding the date of grant (the
    “baseline year”), divided by (y) the Company’s Adjusted Invested Capital for the baseline year. “Adjusted
    Invested Capital” means the average of the quarter-end balances for each fiscal quarter of the ROIC performance period
    of (a) the sum of (i) the Company’s GAAP total stockholders’ equity and (ii) the Company’s GAAP total short-term
    and long-term debt; less (b) the Company’s GAAP cash and cash equivalents; but excluding in all cases the impact of
    (1) any business acquisition by the Company for a purchase price equal to or greater than $250 million and consummated during
    the ROIC performance period, (2) any business sale, divestiture or disposition by the Company during the ROIC performance
    period, and (3) all Company investments in marketable or non-marketable securities that are consummated during the ROIC performance
    period. “Adjusted Net Income” is calculated in a manner similar to the definition set forth in the preceding footnote,
    except that (i) only transaction costs and operating gains/charges associated with acquisitions consummated during the ROIC
    performance period with a purchase price equal to or greater than $250 million are excluded, (ii) gains/charges associated
    with discontinued operations are not excluded, and (iii) gains/charges related to Company strategic investments as well as
    all after-tax interest expense are excluded. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 44 Back to Contents Notwithstanding the above, if the Company’s absolute TSR
performance for the period is negative no more than 100% of the target PSUs will vest (regardless of how strong the Company’s
performance is on a relative basis), and if the Company’s absolute TSR performance for the period is positive a minimum of
25% of the target PSUs will vest. VESTING AND HOLDING PERIOD Any PSUs that vest following the three-year performance period
are subject to an additional two-year holding period and are paid out in shares of Company Common Stock following the fifth anniversary
of the commencement of the performance period. Vesting is contingent on continued employment throughout the three-year performance
period and until the Committee certifies satisfaction of the performance criteria, except that in the event of death during the
performance period the executive receives a prorated portion of the target award based on the percentage of the performance period
during which the executive was employed, and in the event of retirement (as defined in the Omnibus Plan) during the performance
period the executive receives a prorated portion of the shares actually earned based on the percentage of the performance period
during which the executive was employed and the Company’s performance over the performance period. Any dividends paid on
the Company’s Common Stock during the performance period are credited to PSU accounts, but are only paid out (in cash) to
the extent the underlying PSUs vest based on performance and are not paid until the shares underlying the vested PSUs are issued. PSUs Earned for 2018-2020 Performance Period PSUs for the 2018-2020 performance period, which ended December
31, 2020, were earned and certified in February 2021 based on an earned payout percentage of 200%, resulting from the Company’s
three-year absolute TSR of 142.57% ranking in the 96 th percentile relative to the TSRs of the companies in the S&P
500 index as of the beginning of the performance period (January 1, 2018). These PSUs remain subject to a further two-year mandatory
holding period that runs through 2022. Annual Incentive Awards Overview The diagram below illustrates the 2020 annual incentive award
opportunities the Committee determined for the Company’s NEOs in February 2020 under the Omnibus Plan, each element of which
is further described below. Target Bonus Percentage and Personal Payout Percentage In February 2020, the Committee established NEO target bonus percentages
(as a multiple of base salary) and the personal performance objectives described below, including quantitative and qualitative
objectives as well as objectives based on financial and non-financial measures. The Committee did not assign a particular weighting
to any of the objectives. The Committee set the quantitative objectives at levels that, while achievable, would in its opinion
require personal performance appreciably above the executive’s prior year performance level. Since Mr. Joyce was in discussions
with the Board about his potential retirement at the time the Committee was considering 2020 executive officer performance objectives,
the Committee did not set specific 2020 performance objectives for Mr. Joyce. 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 45 Back to Contents Executive
    Officer Target
    Bonus Percentage 2020
    Personal Performance Objectives Rainer M. Blair President and Chief Executive Officer 200% (during 2020 CEO
    tenure); 125% (during 2020 EVP tenure) The personal performance objectives for Mr. Blair
related to his 2020 tenure as EVP consisted of the degree of year-over-year improvement in core revenue, operating profit margin
and working capital turnover for his business units; return-on-invested-capital performance achieved with respect to acquisitions
by his business units; quantitative goals for his business units relating to human resources-related metrics, on-time delivery
and manufacturing quality; quantitative goals with respect to the integration and performance of the Cytiva business; and qualitative
goals related to the integration and performance of the Cytiva acquisition; the development and execution of strategic initiatives
for his business units; diversity & inclusion; and commercial and operational improvements in his business units. Matthew R. McGrew Executive Vice President and CFO 125% Consisted of the degree of Danaher’s 2020
    core revenue growth, operating profit margin expansion, earnings per share growth and
    free cash flow growth; and qualitative goals relating to enhancing the leadership and
    strength of the finance organization; diversity & inclusion; and the integration and performance
    of the Cytiva business. Joakim Weidemanis Executive Vice President 125% Consisted of the degree of year-over-year improvement
    in core revenue, operating profit margin and working capital turnover for his business
    units; return-on-invested-capital performance achieved with respect to acquisitions by
    his business units; quantitative goals for his business units relating to human resources -related metrics,
    on-time delivery and manufacturing quality; and qualitative goals relating to capital deployment, acquisition
    integration, diversity & inclusion, the development of strategic plans for his businesses, strengthening
    senior leadership capacity and improving the Company’s digital-based innovation support. Angela S. Lalor Senior Vice President 115% Consisted of quantitative goals relating to internal
    hiring and associate engagement; and qualitative goals relating to diversity &
    inclusion, leadership recruitment, development and succession planning, associate engagement,
    enhancing the strength of the Company’s innovation and commercial organizations, the integration
    of the Cytiva business and improving the effectiveness of the human resources organization. Brian W. Ellis Senior Vice President 115% Consisted of qualitative goals related to diversity &
    inclusion, the Company’s government affairs function, the Company’s compliance
    and litigation-management programs and the Company’s intellectual property program
    and support for the Company’s innovation and growth objectives. William K. Daniel II Former Executive Vice President 125% Consisted of the degree of year-over-year improvement
    in core revenue, operating profit margin and working capital turnover for his business
    units; return-on-invested-capital performance achieved with respect to acquisitions by
    his business units; quantitative goals for his business units relating to human resources
    -related metrics, on-time delivery and manufacturing quality; and qualitative goals relating to capital
    deployment, acquisition integration, diversity & inclusion, the development of strategic plans for his
    businesses and the effectiveness of the Company’s China strategy. DETERMINING TARGET BONUS PERCENTAGE In determining the target bonus percentage for each NEO, the Committee
considered the relative complexity and importance of the executive’s position and the amount of annual cash incentive compensation
that peer companies would offer such executive. With respect to Messrs. Joyce and Blair in particular, in both cases although the
Committee did not target the performance-based portion of the CEO’s annual cash compensation at any particular percentage
of annual cash compensation, the Committee strategically set the base salary at a level lower, and target annual bonus opportunity
at a level higher, than typical among the Company’s peer companies to help ensure that the CEO’s annual cash compensation
is highly performance-based. DETERMINING PERSONAL PAYOUT PERCENTAGE Following the end of 2020, the Committee used its judgment and
determined for each NEO a Personal Payout Percentage between 0% and 200%. The Committee believes that its ability to exercise discretion
in connection with the annual executive bonus awards is an important element in reaching balanced compensation decisions that are
consistent with our strategy and reward both current year performance and sustained long-term value creation. The Committee’s
ability to exercise discretion: • helps mitigate the risks associated
    with a rigid and strictly formulaic compensation program, which could unintentionally create incentives for our executives
    to focus only on certain performance metrics or encourage imprudent risk taking; • gives the Committee flexibility to address changes
    in economic conditions and our operating environment; and • allows the Committee to adjust compensation based
    on factors that would not be appropriately reflected by a strictly formulaic approach based on Company performance, such as
    championing Danaher’s culture and values and recognition of individual performance levels. Without assigning any particular weight to any individual factor,
the Committee took into account the executive’s execution against his or her personal performance objectives for the year,
the executive’s performance with respect to each of the Company’s five “Leadership Anchors” (which are
a set of standards and behaviors that Danaher associates are expected to aspire to and are 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 46 Back to Contents assessed against), the executive’s overall performance for
the year, the size of the Company Payout Percentage for the year, and the amount of annual cash incentive compensation that peer
companies typically pay to executives serving in comparable roles. Without limiting the foregoing, with respect to the executive
officer team’s 2020 performance as a whole the Committee considered in particular the depth and comprehensiveness of support
provided by Danaher to its workforce during the pandemic; the Company’s 2020 financial performance against the backdrop of
the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic; and the Company’s proactiveness during the year in identifying and executing
upon opportunities to invest in the Company’s future financial and competitive positioning. The Company awarded Mr. Blair a Personal Payout Percentage of
155% for 2020, based primarily on his leadership with respect to the Company’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company’s
financial performance during his tenure, the actions taken by the Company to invest in future financial and competitive positioning,
and the progress achieved with respect to the Cytiva integration. The Company awarded Mr. Joyce a Personal Payout Percentage of
155% for 2020, based primarily on his leadership with respect to the Company’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company’s
financial performance during his 2020 tenure, the actions taken by the Company to invest in future financial and competitive positioning,
and the successful closing of the Cytiva acquisition. The average Personal Payout Percentage of the other NEOs (who were serving
as executive officers as of December 31, 2020) was 151%. Company Payout Percentage The Company Payout Percentage is formulaic, based on the Company’s
2020 performance against the Adjusted EPS, Free Cash Flow Ratio and Core Revenue Growth metrics described above and below and in
Appendix A (the “Metrics”). The Committee weights Adjusted EPS most heavily in the formula because it believes Adjusted
EPS correlates strongly with shareholder returns, particularly since Adjusted EPS is calculated in a manner that focuses on gains
and charges the Committee believes are most directly related to Company operating performance during the period. The Committee
also uses the Free Cash Flow Ratio to help validate the quality of the Company’s earnings, and Core Revenue Growth to incentivize
an appropriate balance between profitability and growth. For each of the Metrics, the Committee established threshold,
target and maximum levels of Company performance, as well as a payout percentage curve that related each level of performance to
a payout expressed as a percentage of target bonus. The payout percentage was 0% for below-threshold performance, 50% for threshold
performance and ranged from 150% (for Free Cash Flow Ratio) to 200% (for Adjusted EPS and Core Revenue Growth) for performance
that equaled or exceeded the maximum. Under all Metrics, target performance yielded a payout percentage of 100%. The payout percentages
for performance between threshold and target, or between target and maximum, respectively, were determined by linear interpolation. In determining the target performance level and payout percentage
curve for the Metrics, the Committee considered historical performance data for the Company and its peer group, analyst consensus
earnings estimates for the Company’s peer group, the Company’s annual budget and macroeconomic/end-market trends. For
each Metric, the Committee set the performance target at a level it believed would represent attractive financial performance within
our industry and would require a high (but achievable) level of Company performance, while requiring what it believed would be
outstanding performance to achieve the maximum payout level. Following the end of 2020, the Company Payout Percentage was calculated
as follows: 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 47 Back to Contents Composite Payout Percentage The Company Payout Percentage and Personal Payout Percentage were
calculated for each NEO, weighted accordingly and added to yield the officer’s Composite Payout Percentage. The Composite
Payout Percentage was multiplied by the NEO’s target bonus amount to yield the executive’s award amount for the year.
The 2020 annual cash incentive compensation awards for each of the NEOs are set forth in the Summary Compensation Table. Base Salaries The Committee typically reviews base salaries for executive officers
in February of each year and in connection with promotions and new hires. In February 2020, the Committee subjectively determined
2020 base salaries for the NEOs and in May 2020, in connection with Mr. Blair’s and Mr. Weidemanis’ promotions, the
Committee conducted a further review of their base salaries and adjusted them accordingly (Mr. Blair’s salary adjustment
was effective upon his promotion). Without giving specific weight to any particular factor, in each case the Committee used the
officer’s prior base salary as the initial basis of consideration and then considered the individual factors described under
“– Named Executive Officer Compensation Framework,” focusing on the relative complexity and importance of the
executive’s role within Danaher, the market value of the executive’s role and the executive’s performance in
the prior year. Given that base salary is one of the elements in the formula for determining annual cash incentive compensation,
the Committee also considered how changes in base salary would impact annual cash incentive compensation. Other Compensation Severance Benefits We have entered into Proprietary Interest Agreements with each
of our NEOs that include post-employment restrictive covenant obligations. Danaher’s Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan, which
each of the NEOs participates in, provides for severance payments under certain circumstances. Mr. Blair’s Proprietary Interest
Agreement entitles him to certain additional cash payments if the Company terminates his employment without cause, and the agreements
entered into with each of Ms. Lalor and Mr. Ellis in connection with their hiring entitle them to enhanced severance payments under
the Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan. We believe the post-employment restrictive covenant obligations included in these agreements
are critical in protecting our proprietary assets, and that the severance payments payable upon a termination without cause are
generally commensurate with the severance rights our peers offer executives in comparable roles. There is no change-in-control
provision in the Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan or in any NEO employment agreement. In connection with the end of Mr. Daniel’s employment with
Danaher in March 2020 and the end of Mr. Joyce’s employment with Danaher in February 2021, each officer qualified for “early
retirement” treatment under the terms of the Omnibus Plan but received no severance benefits because such departures were
voluntary; for more information, please see “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-of-Control as of 2020 Fiscal Year-End.” EDIP, ECP and DCP As discussed in more detail under “Summary of Employment
Agreements and Plans – Supplemental Retirement Program,” each NEO (1) participates in either the Amended and Restated
Executive Deferred Incentive Program (“EDIP”), or the Excess Contribution Program (“ECP”), and (2) is eligible
to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan (“DCP”): • The EDIP and ECP are each non-qualified, unfunded
    excess contribution programs available to selected members of our management. We use these programs to tax-effectively contribute
    amounts to executives’ and other participants’ retirement accounts and provide an opportunity to realize tax-deferred,
    market-based notional investment growth on these contributions. • The DCP allows each participant to voluntarily
    defer, on a pre-tax basis, up to 85% of his or her salary and/or up to 85% of his or her non-equity incentive compensation
    with respect to a given plan year. The DCP gives our executives and other participants an opportunity to defer taxes on cash
    compensation and realize tax-deferred, market-based notional investment growth on their deferrals. Other Benefits and Perquisites All of our executives are eligible to participate in our U.S.
employee benefit plans, including our group medical, dental, vision, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, life insurance,
flexible spending and 401(k) plans. These plans are generally available to all U.S. salaried employees and do not discriminate
in favor of executive officers. In addition, the Committee makes certain perquisites available to the NEOs; please see the footnotes
to the Summary Compensation Table for additional details. The Committee has also adopted a policy prohibiting any tax reimbursement
or gross-up provisions in our executive compensation program (except under a policy applicable to management employees generally
such as a relocation policy). 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 48 Back to Contents Peer Group Compensation Analysis The Committee does not target a specific competitive
position versus the market or peer companies in determining the compensation of our executives because in light of the Company’s
diverse mix of businesses, strict targeting of a specified compensation posture would not appropriately reflect the unique nature
of our business portfolio or the degree of difficulty in leading the Company and key functions. However, the Committee believes
it is important to clearly understand the relevant market for executive talent to inform its decision-making and ensure that our
executive compensation program supports our recruitment and retention needs and is fair and efficient. As a result, the Committee
has worked with FW Cook to develop a peer group for purposes of assessing competitive compensation practices, and periodically
reviews compensation data for the peer group derived from publicly filed proxy statements. Executive Compensation Peer Group Prior To July 2020 Prior to July 2020, the Company’s peer group
consisted of the companies set forth below, which is the same as the Company’s 2019 peer group: 3M Company DowDuPont Stryker Corporation Abbott Laboratories Ecolab Inc. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Baxter International, Inc. Honeywell International Inc. United Technologies Corp. Becton Dickinson & Co. Medtronic Inc. Zimmer Biomet Holdings Boston Scientific Corporation Roper Corporation The Committee selected companies for inclusion in
this peer group based on (1) the extent to which they compete with us in one or more lines of business, for executive talent and
for investors, and (2) comparability of revenues, market capitalization, net income, total assets and number of employees. Executive Compensation Peer Group as of July 2020 The Committee periodically reviews the companies included
in the peer group to ensure that the peer group remains appropriate. In July 2020, the Committee evaluated the existing peer group
with the assistance of FW Cook (using the same selection criteria described above) and replaced DowDuPont, United Technologies
and Zimmer Biomet with Amgen, Biogen, Illinois Tool Works and Johnson & Johnson. The Committee made these updates to the peer
group to better reflect the Company’s current size and portfolio of businesses. The table below sets forth for this peer
group and Danaher information regarding revenue, net income and total assets (based on the most recently reported four quarters
for each company as of October 2, 2020), market capitalization (as of September 30, 2020) and employee headcount (based on each
company’s most recent fiscal year end as of October 2, 2020), in each case derived from the Standard & Poor’s Capital
IQ database. Net Income (Before Unusual or Market Infrequently Occurring Items and Employees at End of Last ($ IN MILLIONS) Revenue Capitalization Discontinued Operations) Total Assets Fiscal Year 75 th percentile $29,640 $144,275 $5,108 $64,308 93,082 Median $16,917 $78,265 $3,706 $45,079 50,200 25 th percentile $13,405 $55,849 $1,605 $22,200 38,000 Danaher $19,733 $152,757 $3,047 $72,891 60,000 DANAHER PERCENTILE RANK 53% 79% 43% 87% 54% The peer group compensation data that the Committee
reviewed in 2020 in connection with its executive compensation decisions estimated the 25 th , median and 75 th percentile
positions among our peers with respect to base salary, annual cash incentive compensation (target and actual), total annual cash
compensation (target and actual), long-term incentive compensation, total direct compensation (target and actual), all other compensation,
annual change in pension value and above-market interest on non-qualified deferred compensation, and actual total compensation,
in each case with respect to each respective NEO position. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 49 Back to Contents Named Executive Officer Compensation Framework Danaher’s compensation program is grounded on
the principle that each executive must consistently demonstrate exceptional personal performance in order to remain a Danaher executive.
Within the framework of this principle and the other objectives discussed above, the Committee exercises its judgment in making
executive compensation decisions. The factors that generally shape particular executive compensation decisions (none of which are
assigned any particular weight by the Committee) are the following: • The relative complexity and importance of the executive’s
    position within Danaher. To ensure that the most senior executives are held
    most accountable for long-term operating results and changes in shareholder value, the Committee believes that both the amount
    and “at-risk” nature of compensation should increase with the relative complexity and significance of an executive’s
    position. • The executive’s record of performance, long-term leadership potential and
    tenure. • Danaher’s performance. Our
    cash incentive compensation varies annually to reflect near-term changes in operating and financial results. Our long-term
    compensation is closely aligned with long-term shareholder value creation, both by tying the ultimate value of the awards
    to long-term shareholder returns and because of the length of time executives are required to hold the awards before realizing
    their value. • Our assessment of pay levels and practices in the competitive marketplace. The Committee considers market practice in determining pay levels and compensation
    design to ensure that our costs are sustainable relative to peers and compensation is appropriately positioned to attract
    and retain talented executives. As noted above, the market for executive-level talent is highly competitive. We also have
    a history of successfully applying the Danaher Business System, or DBS, to deliver strong operating performance and create
    shareholder value, and we devote significant resources to training our executives in DBS. As a result of these factors, we
    believe that our executives are particularly valued by other companies, which creates a high degree of retention risk. The philosophy and goals of our compensation program
have remained consistent over time, although the Committee considers the factors above within the context of the then-prevailing
economic environment and may adjust the terms and/or amounts of compensation accordingly so that they continue to support our objectives. For a description of the role of the Company’s
executives and the Committee’s independent compensation consultant in the executive compensation process, please see “Corporate
Governance – Board of Directors and Committees of the Board –Compensation Committee.” Other Compensation Policies and Information Long-Term Incentive Compensation Grant Practices The Committee grants equity awards under Danaher’s
Omnibus Plan, which is described in “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans – 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan.”
Executive equity awards are approved at regularly scheduled Committee meetings (typically scheduled in advance of the calendar
year in which they occur), at the time of an executive hire or promotion or upon identification of a specific retention concern.
The grant date of equity awards approved by the Committee is either the date of Committee approval or a date subsequent to the
approval date as specified by the Committee. The timing of equity awards has not been coordinated with the release of material
non-public information. The Committee’s general practice is to approve annual equity awards to executives at the Committee’s
regularly scheduled meeting in February, when the Committee reviews the performance of the executive officers and typically determines
the other components of executive compensation. The target dollar value attributable to PSUs and RSUs,
as applicable, has been translated into a target number of PSUs or RSUs, as applicable, using a fair market value equal to the
average closing price over a twenty trading-day period, to avoid the potential volatility impact of using a single-day closing
price. Prior to 2021, the target dollar value attributable to stock options was translated into a number of stock options based
on a modified Black Scholes calculation that utilized a multi-day average closing price and an assumed ten-year term. With respect
to the equity awards approved in February 2021, the modified Black Scholes value was replaced with the actual Black Scholes value
used in the Company’s financial statements with respect to the particular grant. The exercise price for stock option awards
granted under the Omnibus Plan equals the closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock on the date of grant (or on the immediately
preceding trading day if the date of grant is not a trading day). Since the valuation methodologies used in 2020 are not the same
as the FASB ASC Topic 718 grant date fair value used for accounting purposes, the equity award target dollar values are not identical
to the equity award grant date fair values reflected in the Summary Compensation Table and other compensation tables. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 50 Back to Contents Stock Ownership-Related Policies Stock Ownership Requirements To further align management and shareholder interests
and discourage inappropriate or excessive risk-taking, our stock ownership policy requires each executive officer to obtain a substantial
equity stake in Danaher within five years of his or her appointment to an executive position, as follows: Title Stock Ownership Multiple Chief Executive Officer 5 times base salary Executive Vice President 3 times base salary Senior Vice President 2 times base salary What Counts as Ownership: What Does Not Count as Ownership: • Shares in which the executive or his or her spouse or child has a direct or indirect interest • Unexercised stock options • Notional shares of Danaher stock in the EDIP, ECP or DCP • Shares held in a 401(k) plan • Unvested RSUs/PSUs (based on target number of shares until vested and then based on the actual number of vested shares) Once an executive officer has acquired a number of
Company shares that satisfies the applicable ownership multiple, such number of shares then becomes the officer’s minimum
ownership requirement (even if the officer’s salary increases or the fair market value of such shares subsequently changes)
until the officer is promoted to a higher level. Each NEO serving as an executive officer as of December 31, 2020 was in compliance
with the stock ownership requirements as of such date. Pledging Policy Danaher’s Board has adopted a policy that prohibits
any director or executive officer from pledging as security under any obligation any shares of Danaher Common Stock that the director
or officer directly or indirectly owns and controls (other than shares pledged as of the date the policy was adopted), and provides
that pledged shares of Danaher Common Stock do not count toward Danaher’s stock ownership requirements. No NEO has pledged
any shares of Danaher Common Stock. Hedging Policy Under our insider trading policy, Danaher directors
and employees (including executive officers) are prohibited from engaging in short sales of Danaher Common Stock, transactions
in any derivative of a Danaher security (including, but not limited to, buying or selling puts, calls or other options (except
for instruments granted under a Danaher equity compensation plan)) or any other forms of hedging transactions with respect to Danaher
securities. Recoupment Policy To further discourage inappropriate or excessive risk-taking,
the Committee has adopted a rigorous, “no-fault” recoupment (or clawback) policy applicable to Danaher’s executive
officers, other individuals who serve on the Danaher Leadership Team (which consists primarily of Company corporate officers) and
certain other employees (the “covered persons”). Under the policy, in the event of a material restatement of Danaher’s
consolidated financial statements (other than any restatement required pursuant to a change in applicable accounting rules), Danaher’s
Board may, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent it determines that it is in Danaher’s best interests to do so,
in addition to all other remedies available to Danaher require reimbursement or payment to Danaher of: • the portion of any annual incentive compensation payment awarded to any covered person within the three year period prior to the date such material restatement is first publicly disclosed that would not have been awarded had the consolidated financial statements that are the subject of such restatement been correctly stated (except that the Board has the right to require reimbursement of the entire amount of any such annual incentive compensation payment from any covered person whose fraud or other intentional misconduct in the Board’s judgment alone or with others caused such restatement); and • all gains from equity awards realized by any covered person during the twelve-month period immediately following the original filing of the consolidated financial statements that are the subject of such restatement, if the covered person’s fraud or other intentional misconduct in the Board’s judgment alone or with others caused such restatement. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 51 Back to Contents In addition, the stock plans in which Danaher’s
executive officers participate contain provisions for recovering awards upon certain circumstances. Under the terms of the Company’s
Omnibus Plan, if an employee is terminated for gross misconduct, the administrator may terminate up to all of the participant’s
unexercised or unvested equity awards. In addition, under the terms of each of the EDIP and the ECP, if the administrator determines
that the circumstances of a participant’s termination constitute gross misconduct, the administrator may determine that the
participant’s vesting percentage is as low as zero with respect to all balances that were contributed by Danaher. Regulatory Considerations Section 162(m) generally disallows a tax deduction
to public corporations for compensation in excess of $1 million paid for any fiscal year to certain executive officers. The exemption
from Section 162(m)’s deduction limit for performance-based compensation has been repealed, effective for taxable years beginning
after December 31, 2017, such that compensation paid to our covered executive officers in excess of $1 million is not deductible
unless it qualifies for transition relief applicable to certain arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017. We review the tax impact of our executive compensation
on the Company as well as on the executive officers. In addition, we review the impact of our compensation programs against other
considerations, such as accounting impact, shareholder alignment, market competitiveness, effectiveness and perceived value to
employees. Because many different factors influence a well-rounded, comprehensive and effective executive compensation program,
some of the compensation we provide to our executive officers is not deductible under Section 162(m). Compensation Committee Report This report is not deemed to be “soliciting
material” or to be “filed” with the SEC or subject to the SEC’s proxy rules or to the liabilities of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any prior or subsequent
filing by Danaher under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent Danaher specifically
incorporates this report by reference therein. The Compensation Committee of Danaher Corporation’s
Board has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth above and, based on such review
and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in
this Proxy Statement. Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors Alan G. Spoon (Chair) Teri List Walter G. Lohr, Jr. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 52 Back to Contents COMPENSATION TABLES AND INFORMATION 2020 Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the 2020 compensation
of (i) the two individuals who served in the role of President and Chief Executive Officer in 2020, (ii) our Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, (iii) our three other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers
as of December 31, 2020, and (iv) an additional individual for whom disclosure would have been required under subsection (iii)
of this sentence but for the fact that the individual was no longer serving as an executive officer as of December 31, 2020, known
as our “named executive officers.” Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) (1) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (1) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) Rainer M. Blair 2020 $ 949,067 $ 0 $ 3,616,939 $ 2,968,651 $ 2,519,339 $ 0 $ 342,765 $ 10,396,761 President and CEO 2019 840,000 0 2,565,951 2,053,766 1,589,700 0 129,232 7,178,649 2018 700,000 0 1,655,066 1,343,570 1,275,750 0 114,981 5,089,367 Matthew R. McGrew, 2020 726,000 0 1,637,982 1,435,173 1,564,530 0 166,358 5,530,043 Executive
    Vice President and CFO 2019 660,000 0 1,483,078 1,186,634 1,103,586 0 152,646 4,585,944 Joakim Weidemanis, 2020 881,560 0 5,065,095 4,551,242 1,917,000 0 138,301 12,553,198 Executive Vice President 2019 759,000 0 2,280,985 1,825,639 1,379,483 0 119,872 6,364,979 2018 660,000 0 1,434,246 1,164,350 1,076,262 0 104,496 4,439,354 Angela S. Lalor, Senior Vice President-Human Resources 2020 727,157 800,000 (5) 1,276,951 1,118,710 1,458,386 0 121,041 5,502,245 Brian W. Ellis, Senior Vice President-General Counsel 2020 636,522 0 867,259 760,023 1,218,048 0 78,980 3,560,832 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 2020 1,352,000 0 6,260,748 5,487,776 3,107,797 6,470 549,165 16,763,956 Former
    President and CEO 2019 1,300,000 0 6,842,328 5,476,607 4,000,000 8,495 565,770 18,193,200 2018 1,236,000 0 5,516,165 4,478,180 3,604,176 0 526,520 15,361,041 William K. Daniel II, 2020 286,116 0 2,553,117 2,237,419 462,882 0 203,265 5,742,799 Former
    Executive Vice President 2019 934,548 0 2,851,544 2,282,204 1,745,268 0 272,676 8,086,240 2018 812,650 0 2,068,562 1,679,390 1,440,423 0 173,668 6,174,693 (1) The following table sets forth the amount, if
    any, of salary and/or non-equity incentive compensation that each named executive officer deferred into the EDIP and/or DCP
    with respect to each of the years reported above: Amount
    of Salary Deferred Into EDIP/DCP ($) Amount of Non-Equity Incentive Compensation Deferred Into EDIP/DCP ($) Name of
    Officer 2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018 Rainer M. Blair – – – – – Matthew R. McGrew – – N/A – N/A Joakim
    Weidemanis – – – 275,897 322,879 Angela
    S. Lalor 37,692 N/A N/A N/A N/A Brian
    W. Ellis – N/A N/A N/A N/A Thomas
    P. Joyce, Jr. 350,400 324,323 308,654 – 901,044 William
    K. Daniel II – 139,409 121,674 – 436,317 360,106 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 53 Back to Contents (2) The amounts reflected in these columns represent
    the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 for equity grants made in the applicable
    year: • With respect to stock options, the grant date
    fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 has been calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on the following
    assumptions (and assuming no forfeitures): Risk-Free Stock Price Dividend Option Name of Officer Date of Grant Interest Rate Volatility Rate Yield Life Blair, Weidemanis May 15, 2020 0.54% 30.49% 0.44% 8.0 years Blair, McGrew, Weidemanis, Lalor,
    Ellis, Joyce, Daniel February 24, 2020 1.33% 23.09% 0.46% 8.0 years Joyce, McGrew, Blair, Daniel, Weidemanis February 24, 2019 2.58% 19.88% 0.56% 8.0 years Joyce, Blair, Daniel, Weidemanis February 24, 2018 2.82% 21.52% 0.63% 8.0 years • In 2019 and 2020, with respect to each executive officer’s
    annual equity award (and Mr. Blair’s May 2020 incremental equity award), one-half of the award was granted in the form
    of stock options, and one-half was granted in the form of performance stock units (PSUs); Mr. Weidemanis’ May 2020 incremental
    equity award was granted one-half in the form of stock options and one-half in the form of time-vesting restricted stock units
    (RSUs). In 2018, one-quarter of each executive officer’s annual equity award was granted in the form of restricted stock
    units (RSUs), one-quarter was granted in the form of PSUs and one-half was granted in the form of stock options. With respect
    to RSUs, the grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 was calculated based on the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
    the RSU, times the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant (but discounted to account for the fact that RSUs
    do not accrue dividend rights prior to vesting and distribution). With respect to PSUs, the grant date fair value under FASB
    ASC Topic 718 has been calculated based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions and a Monte Carlo
    simulation valuation model modified to reflect an illiquidity discount (as a result of the mandatory two-year post-vesting
    holding period), using the following significant assumptions (since the performance criteria applicable to the performance
    stock units is considered a “market condition,” footnote disclosure of the award’s potential maximum value
    is not required): Monte Carlo Simulation Illiquidity discount Name of Officer Date of Grant Danaher’s expected volatility Average volatility of peer group Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Danaher’s expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Blair May 15, 2020 25.39% 36.96% 0.18% 0% 27.13% 0.16% 0.44% Blair, McGrew, Weidemanis, Lalor, Ellis, Joyce, Daniel February 24, 2020 19.06% 25.27% 1.21% 0% 20.46% 1.26% 0.46% Blair, McGrew, Weidemanis, Joyce, Daniel February 24, 2019 16.97% 24.97% 2.45% 0% 17.02% 2.46% 0.56% Blair, McGrew, Weidemanis, Joyce, Daniel February 24, 2018 16.15% 25.22% 2.34% 0% 16.26% 2.24% 0.56% (3) The amount set forth in this
    column represents the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of Mr. Joyce’s accumulated benefit under the Cash
    Balance Plan of the Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries Pension Plan (“Pension Plan”) between the respective
    plan measurement dates. The material assumptions used in quantifying the present value of the accumulated benefit at each
    of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 are as follows: an interest crediting rate (applied from the plan measurement date
    until normal retirement age) of 3.2% for the plan measurement date of December 31, 2019 and 2.8% for the plan measurement
    date of December 31, 2020; a retirement age of 65, which is normal retirement age under the Cash Balance Plan; payment of
    the accrued obligations in a lump sum upon retirement; and the discount rates as set forth in Note 13 to Danaher’s consolidated
    financial statements included in Danaher’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. In 2018,
    the actuarial present value of Mr. Joyce’s accumulated benefit under the Pension Plan declined by $884. We do not provide
    any above-market or preferential earnings on compensation that is deferred by any NEO. (4) The following table describes the elements of
    compensation included in “All Other Compensation” for 2020: Name Company 401(k) Contributions ($) Company EDIP/ECP Contributions ($) Other ($) Total 2020 All Other Compensation ($) Rainer M. Blair 20,046 113,400 209,319 (a) 342,765 Matthew R. McGrew 20,046 85,140 61,172 (b) 166,358 Joakim Weidemanis 20,046 102,465 15,790 (c) 138,301 Angela S. Lalor 20,046 80,956 20,039 (d) 121,041 Brian W. Ellis 20,046 39,411 19,523 (e) 78,980 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 20,046 390,000 139,119 (f) 549,165 William K. Daniel II 20,046 168,219 15,000 (g) 203,265 (a) Includes $119,933 relating to personal use of the Company’s aircraft,
    $72,335 in relocation costs plus amounts related to tax preparation/professional services and parking expenses. In connection
    with Mr. Blair’s 2020 promotion to President and CEO, the Company provided him with relocation assistance under the
    relocation program that the Company makes available to management employees generally. The incremental cost to the Company
    of the relocation assistance is calculated based on the Company’s out-of-pocket costs for such relocation items, which
    included costs relating to the purchase of a new residence, temporary housing, house-hunting trips and moving expenses as
    well as reimbursement in the amount of $27,677 for the income taxes incurred by Mr. Blair with respect to such relocation
    perquisites. The incremental cost to the Company of the personal aircraft use is calculated by multiplying the total number
    of personal flight hours times the average direct variable operating costs (including costs related to fuel, on-board catering,
    maintenance expenses related to operation of the plane during the year, landing and parking fees, navigation fees, related
    ground transportation, crew accommodations and meals and supplies) per flight hour for the particular aircraft for the year,
    net of any applicable employee reimbursement. Since the aircraft fleet is maintained primarily for business travel, we do
    not include in the calculation the fixed costs that do not change based on usage, such as crew salaries, aircraft insurance
    premiums, hangar lease payments, the lease or acquisition cost of the aircraft, exterior paint and other maintenance, inspection
    and capital improvement costs intended to cover a multiple-year period. Mr. Blair’s perquisite allowance for personal
    use of the Company aircraft is limited to $125,000 annually and Mr. Blair is required to reimburse the Company for any personal
    use of the aircraft in a particular year in excess of $125,000. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 54 Back to Contents (b) Includes $40,860 relating to personal use of Danaher’s
    aircraft, plus amounts related to tickets to entertainment events, tax preparation/professional services and parking expenses.
    The incremental cost to the Company of the personal aircraft use is calculated in the same manner as set forth in Footnote
    4(a) above. Mr. McGrew’s perquisite allowance for personal use of the Company aircraft is limited to $50,000 annually
    and Mr. McGrew is required to reimburse the Company for any personal use of the aircraft in a particular year in excess of
    $50,000. (c) Consists of amounts related to tax preparation/professional
    services. (d) Consists of amounts related to tax preparation/professional
    services, tickets to entertainment events and parking expenses. (e) Consists of amounts related
    to tax preparation/professional services and parking expenses. (f) Includes $122,199 relating to personal use of the
    Company’s aircraft plus amounts related to tax preparation/professional services, parking expenses and an annual physical
    exam. The incremental cost to the Company of the personal aircraft use is calculated in the same manner as set forth in Footnote
    4(a) above. Mr. Joyce’s perquisite allowance for personal use of the Company aircraft while he served as CEO was limited
    to $125,000 annually and Mr. Joyce was required to reimburse the Company for any personal use of the aircraft in a particular
    year in excess of $125,000. (g) Consists of amounts related to tax preparation/professional
    services. (5) Represents
    a fixed retention bonus payable to Ms. Lalor pursuant to the terms of the agreement she entered into with the Company in connection
    with her hiring in 2012. For more information please see “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans – Lalor Agreement.” 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 55 Back to Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2020 The following table sets forth certain information
regarding grants of plan-based awards to each of our named executive officers in 2020. Estimated
    Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated
    Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) All other Option Awards: Grant Date Fair Name Grant Date Committee Approval Date Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Number
    of Securities Underlying Options (#) (2) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Share) Value
    of stock And Option Awards ($) (3) Rainer M. Blair Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 731,036 $ 1,462,072 $ 2,836,420 – – – – – – Stock options (4) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 47,510 $ 156.82 $ 2,026,302 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 3,683 14,730 29,460 – – $ 2,312,168 Stock options (4) 5/15/2020 5/5/2020 – – – – – – 17,710 $ 163.85 $ 942,349 Performance stock units (5) 5/15/2020 5/5/2020 – – – 1,594 6,375 12,750 – – $ 1,304,771 Matthew R. McGrew Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 453,750 $ 907,500 $ 1,760,550 – – – – – – Stock options (4) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 33,650 $ 156.82 $ 1,435,173 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 2,608 10,435 20,870 – – $ 1,637,982 Joakim Weidemanis Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 551,160 $ 1,102,319 $ 2,138,499 – – – – – – Stock options (4) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 42,560 $ 156.82 $ 1,815,184 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 3,299 13,195 26,390 – – $ 2,071,219 Stock options (6) 5/15/2020 5/5/2020 – – – – – – 51,420 $ 163.85 $ 2,736,058 Restricted stock units (7) 5/15/2020 5/5/2020 – – – – 18,515 – – – $ 2,993,876 Angela S. Lalor Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 418,116 $ 836,231 $ 1,622,288 – – – – – – Stock options (6) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 26,230 $ 156.82 $ 1,118,710 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 2,033 8,135 16,270 – – $ 1,276,951 Brian W. Ellis Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 366,000 $ 732,000 $ 1,420,080 – – – – – – Stock options (6) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 17,820 $ 156.82 $ 760,023 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 1,381 5,525 11,050 – – $ 867,259 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 900,432 $ 1,800,864 $ 3,493,676 – – – – – – Stock options (4) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 128,670 $ 156.82 $ 5,487,776 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 9,971 39,885 79,770 – – $ 6,260,748 William K. Daniel II Annual cash incentive compensation 2/20/2020 2/20/2020 $ 607,457 $ 1,214,913 $ 2,356,931 – – – – – – Stock options (4) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – – – – 52,460 $ 156.82 $ 2,237,419 Performance stock units (5) 2/24/2020 2/20/2020 – – – 4,066 16,265 32,530 – – $ 2,553,117 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 56 Back to Contents (1) These columns relate to
    2020 cash award opportunities under the Omnibus Plan. Please see “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans—2007
    Omnibus Incentive Plan” for a description of such plan. The amounts actually paid pursuant to these 2020 award opportunities
    are set forth in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table. (2) These columns relate to
    equity awards granted under the Omnibus Plan, the terms of which apply to all of the equity awards described in this table. (3) Reflects the grant date
    fair value calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For the assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value
    under FASB ASC Topic 718, please see Footnote 2 to the Summary Compensation Table. (4) For a description of the
    vesting terms of the award, please see Footnote 3 to the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End Table. (5) For a description of the
    vesting terms of the award, please see Footnote 5 to the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End Table. (6) For a description of the
    vesting terms of the award, please see Footnote 4 to the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End Table. (7) For a description of the
    vesting terms of the award, please see Footnote 11 to the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End Table. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 57 Back to Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal
Year-End The following table summarizes outstanding equity
awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2020. All of the awards set forth in the table below are governed by
the terms and conditions of the Omnibus Plan. Option
    Awards Stock
    Awards Name Grant Date Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number
                                         of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
                                         (#) Unexercisable (1) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (1) Market Value of Shares or
                                         Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (2) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or
                                         Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (1) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout
                                         Value of Unearned Shares, Units or
                                         Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (2) Rainer M. Blair 5/15/2020 – 17,710 (3) $ 163.85 5/15/2030 – – – – 2/24/2020 – 47,510 (3) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 66,080 (3) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 46,330 (3) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 – 53,310 (4) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 2/24/2016 23,378 11,689 (4) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 11/15/2015 21,447 – $ 70.75 11/15/2025 – – – – 2/24/2015 19,345 – $ 65.83 2/24/2025 – – – – 5/15/2020 – – – – – – 12,750 (5) $ 2,839,170 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 29,460 (5) $ 6,565,456 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 40,970 (5) $ 9,158,434 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 15,290 (6) $ 3,425,266 2/24/2018 – – – – 7,645 (7) $ 1,698,260 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 7,465 (7) $ 1,658,275 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 3,857 (8) $ 856,794 – – Matthew R. McGrew 2/24/2020 – 33,650 (3) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 38,180 (3) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 12,356 18,534 (9) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 8,316 5,544 (9) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 11/15/2015 42,882 – $ 70.75 11/15/2025 – – – – 2/24/2015 8,211 – $ 65.83 2/24/2025 – – – – 5/15/2014 11,213 – $ 56.70 5/15/2024 – – – – 2/24/2014 7,722 – $ 57.90 2/24/2024 – – – – 2/21/2013 5,474 – $ 46.13 2/21/2023 – – – – 2/21/2013 5,474 – $ 46.13 2/21/2023 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 20,870 (5) $ 4,651,088 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 23,680 (5) $ 5,293,427 2/24/2018 – – – – 6,117 (10) $ 1,358,830 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 1,554 (10) $ 345,206 – – 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 58 Back to Contents Option
    Awards Stock
    Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number
                                                                                     of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
                                                                                     (#) Unexercisable (1) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have
                                                                                     Not Vested (#) (1) Market Value of
                                                                                     Shares or
                                                                                     Units of Stock
                                                                                     That Have
                                                                                     Not Vested ($) (2) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
                                                                                     of Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                     Other Rights
                                                                                     That Have
                                                                                     Not Vested (#) (1) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market
                                                                                     or Payout
                                                                                     Value of
                                                                                     Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                     Other Rights
                                                                                     That Have
                                                                                     Not Vested ($) (2) Joakim Weidemanis 5/15/2020 – 51,420 (4) $ 163.85 5/15/2030 – – – – 2/24/2020 – 42,560 (3) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 58,740 (3) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 40,150 (3) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 14,216 28,434 (4) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 11/15/2016 25,673 12,837 (4) $ 79.63 11/15/2026 – – – – 2/24/2016 7,791 3,898 (4) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2016 7,791 11,689 (4) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2015 19,927 – $ 65.83 2/24/2025 – – – – 5/15/2014 22,439 – $ 56.70 5/15/2024 – – – – 2/24/2014 16,542 – $ 57.90 2/24/2024 – – – – 2/21/2013 9,573 – $ 46.13 2/21/2023 – – – – 2/21/2013 9,573 – $ 46.13 2/21/2023 – – – – 2/23/2012 9,467 – $ 40.45 2/23/2022 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 26,390 (5) $ 5,881,275 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 36,420 (5) $ 8,141,327 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 13,250 (6) $ 2,968,265 5/15/2020 – – – – 18,515 (11) $ 4,112,922 – – 2/24/2018 – – – – 6,625 (7) $ 1,471,678 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 3,984 (8) $ 885,006 – – 11/15/2016 – – – – 4,237 (8) $ 941,207 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 1,288 (8) $ 286,116 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 3,857 (8) $ 856,794 – – Angela S. Lalor 2/24/2020 – 26,230 (4) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 36,720 (4) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 37,070 (4) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 14,926 29,854 (4) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 2/24/2016 28,049 14,026 (4) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2015 37,513 – $ 65.83 2/24/2025 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 16,270 (5) $ 3,625,932 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 22,770 (5) $ 5,090,006 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 12,230 (6) $ 2,739,765 2/24/2018 – – – – 6,115 (8) $ 1,358,386 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 4,180 (8) $ 928,545 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 2,313 (8) $ 513,810 – – 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 59 Back to Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number
                                                                                                                             of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
                                                                                                                             (#) Unexercisable (1) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have
                                                                                     Not Vested (#) (1) Market Value of
                                                                                                                             Shares or
                                                                                                                             Units
                                                                                                                             of Stock
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested ($) (2) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
                                                                                                                             of Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                                                             Other Rights
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested (#) (1) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market
                                                                                                                             or Payout
                                                                                                                             Value of
                                                                                                                             Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                                                             Other Rights
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested ($) (2) Brian W. Ellis 2/24/2020 – 17,820 (4) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 25,700 (4) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 24,710 (4) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 10,663 21,327 (4) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 2/24/2016 15,584 7,794 (4) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2016 15,584 4,678 (9) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 11,050 (5) $ 2,462,603 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 15,940 (5) $ 3,563,228 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 8,160 (6) $ 1,828,003 2/24/2018 – – – – 4,080 (8) $ 906,331 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 2,987 (8) $ 663,532 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 1,286 (8) $ 285,672 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 1,544 (12) $ 342,984 – – Thomas P. Joyce, Jr 2/24/2020 – 128,670 (3) $ 156.82 2/24/2030 – – – – 2/24/2019 – 176,210 (3) $ 113.48 2/24/2029 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 154,420 (3) $ 99.33 2/24/2028 – – – – 2/24/2017 – 213,220 (3) $ 86.08 2/24/2027 – – – – 2/24/2016 – 99,338 (3) $ 65.95 2/24/2026 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 79,770 (5) $ 17,777,542 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 109,250 (5) $ 24,421,745 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 50,960 (6) $ 11,416,059 2/24/2018 – – – – 25,480 (7) $ 5,660,127 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 29,855 (7) $ 6,631,990 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 16,394 (7) $ 3,641,763 – – 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 60 Back to Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number
                                                                                                                             of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
                                                                                                                             (#) Unexercisable (1) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested (#) (1) Market Value of
                                                                                                                             Shares or Units of Stock
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested ($) (2) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
                                                                                                                             of Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                                                             Other Rights
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested (#) (1) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market
                                                                                                                             or Payout
                                                                                                                             Value of
                                                                                                                             Unearned Shares, Units or
                                                                                                                             Other Rights
                                                                                                                             That Have
                                                                                                                             Not Vested ($) (2) William K. Daniel II 2/24/2019 – 19,276 (3) $ 113.48 3/31/2025 – – – – 2/24/2018 – 28,231 (3) $ 99.33 3/31/2025 – – – – 2/24/2017 – 53,174 (3) $ 86.08 3/31/2025 – – – – 2/24/2016 38,565 32,137 (3) $ 65.95 3/31/2025 – – – – 2/24/2015 72,687 – $ 65.83 2/24/2025 – – – – 2/24/2020 – – – – – – 2,710 (5) $ 603,951 2/24/2019 – – – – – – 18,970 (5) $ 4,240,554 2/24/2018 – – – – – – 14,332 (6) $ 3,210,655 2/24/2018 – – – – 4,658 (7) $ 1,034,728 – – 2/24/2017 – – – – 7,445 (7) $ 1,653,832 – – 2/24/2016 – – – – 5,304 (7) $ 1,178,231 – – (1) With respect to the unexercisable
    options and unvested PSUs and RSUs reflected in the table above, the footnotes below describe the vesting terms applicable
    to the entire award of which such options, PSUs or RSUs are a part. (2) Market value is calculated based
    on (a) the closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock on December 31, 2020 as reported on the NYSE ($222.14 per share)
    times the number of shares, plus (b) in the case of PSUs, the amount of cash dividend equivalent rights attached to the respective
    PSUs and accrued as of December 31, 2020. (3) The option award was granted
    subject to time-based vesting conditions such that one-half of the award became or becomes exercisable on each of the fourth
    and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. (4) The option award was granted
    subject to time-based vesting conditions such that one-third of the award became or becomes exercisable on each of the third,
    fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. (5) The number of shares of Common
    Stock that vest pursuant to the PSU award is based on the Company’s total shareholder return (TSR) ranking relative
    to the S&P 500 Index over an approximately three-year performance period. Payout at 100% of the target level requires
    that the Company achieve above-median performance and rank at the 55th percentile of the S&P 500 Index, while the PSUs
    pay out at 200% for performance that equals or exceeds the 75th percentile, 50% for performance at the 35th percentile and
    zero percent for performance below the 35th percentile. The payout percentages for performance between the performance levels
    are determined by linear interpolation. With respect to the PSUs granted in or after 2019, the Company’s three-year
    average ROIC beginning with the year of grant, compared to the Company’s ROIC for the immediately preceding year (the
    “baseline year”), can increase or decrease the number of shares that would otherwise vest by 10% (but cannot cause
    the payout percentage to exceed 200%). Notwithstanding the above, if the Company’s absolute TSR performance for the
    period is negative a maximum of 100% of the target PSUs will vest (regardless of how strong the Company’s performance
    is on a relative basis), and if the Company’s absolute TSR performance for the period is positive a minimum of 25% of
    the target PSUs will vest. Any PSUs that vest following the three-year performance period are subject to an additional two-year
    holding period and are paid out in shares of Company Common Stock following the fifth anniversary of the commencement of the
    performance period. For purposes of this table, with respect to the PSUs granted in 2019 and 2020, the number of PSU shares
    and payout value reported in the table reflect maximum-level performance; the 2018 PSUs are addressed separately in Footnote
    6 below. (6) The number of shares and market
    value reported in the table reflect actual performance, since the three-year performance period for these PSU awards has concluded.
    These PSU awards were subject to the performance criteria set forth in Footnote 5 (other than the ROIC modifier), vested when
    the Company’s Compensation Committee certified the level of performance achieved, and remain subject to a holding period
    that concludes on the fifth anniversary of the commencement of the applicable performance period. (7) The RSU award was granted subject
    to both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions and prior to December 31, 2020, Danaher’s Compensation Committee
    certified that the performance-based vesting conditions applicable to the award have been satisfied. Pursuant to the time-based
    vesting conditions, one-half of the award vests or vested on each of the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. (8) The RSU award was granted subject
    to both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions and prior to December 31, 2020, Danaher’s Compensation Committee
    certified that the performance-based vesting conditions applicable to the award have been satisfied. Pursuant to the time-based
    vesting conditions, one-third of the award vests or vested on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant
    date. (9) The option award was granted
    subject to time-based vesting conditions such that one-fifth of the award became or becomes exercisable on each of the first
    five anniversaries of the grant date. (10) The RSU award was granted subject
    to time-based vesting conditions such that one-fifth of the award vests or vested on each of the first five anniversaries
    of the grant date. (11) The RSU award was granted subject
    to time-based vesting conditions such that one-third of the award vests or vested on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries
    of the grant date. (12) The RSU award was granted subject to both time-based
    and performance-based vesting conditions and prior to December 31, 2020, Danaher’s Compensation Committee certified
    that the performance-based vesting conditions applicable to the award have been satisfied. Pursuant to the time-based vesting
    conditions, one-fifth of the award became or becomes exercisable on each of the first five anniversaries of the grant date. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 61 Back to Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested During
Fiscal 2020 The following table summarizes stock option exercises
and the vesting of stock awards with respect to our named executive officers in 2020. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise(#) Value Realized on Exercise($) (1) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting(#) (2) Value Realized on Vesting($) (2) Rainer M. Blair 33,467 $ 3,564,654 23,276 $ 3,885,173 Matthew R. McGrew 7,894 $ 959,666 8,071 $ 1,632,882 Joakim Weidemanis 19,834 $ 3,156,184 25,516 $ 4,372,420 Angela S. Lalor 96,176 $ 13,660,367 19,010 $ 3,024,286 Brian W. Ellis 0 0 13,282 $ 2,113,706 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 313,868 $ 36,440,249 89,643 $ 14,263,218 William K. Daniel II 235,342 $ 25,902,249 33,260 $ 5,287,729 (1) Calculated
    by multiplying the number of shares acquired times the difference between the exercise price and the market price of Danaher
    Common Stock at the time of exercise. (2) Includes the
    PSU award shares set forth in the table below, which (together with the related cash dividend equivalent rights) following
    vesting remain subject to a mandatory holding period that extends until the end of 2021. “Value Realized on Vesting”
    is calculated based on (a) the number of shares vested times the closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock as reported
    on the NYSE on the vesting date (or on the last trading day prior to the vesting date if the vesting date was not a trading
    day), plus (b) in the case of PSUs, the amount of cash dividend equivalent rights attached to the respective PSUs and accrued
    as of the vesting date. Number of PSU Value Realized Name Shares That
    Vested on
    Vesting ($) Rainer M. Blair 14,930 $ 2,392,682 Matthew R. McGrew 0 0 Joakim Weidemanis 11,950 $ 1,915,107 Angela S. Lalor 12,540 $ 2,009,660 Brian W. Ellis 8,960 $ 1,435,930 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. 59,710 $ 9,569,125 William K. Daniel II 20,900 $ 3,349,434 Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change-of-Control as of 2020 Fiscal Year-End The following table describes the payments and benefits
that each named executive officer employed by the Company as of December 31, 2020 would be entitled to receive upon termination
of employment or in connection with a change-of-control of Danaher. The amounts set forth below assume that the triggering event
occurred on December 31, 2020. Where benefits are based on the market value of Danaher’s Common Stock, we have used the closing
price of Danaher’s Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on December 31, 2020 ($222.14 per share). In addition to the amounts
set forth below, upon any termination of employment each officer would also be entitled to: • receive all payments generally provided to salaried employees on a non-discriminatory basis upon termination, such as accrued salary, life insurance proceeds (for any termination caused by death), unused vacation and 401(k) Plan distributions; • potentially receive an annual cash incentive compensation award pursuant to the Omnibus Plan, since under the terms of the award a participant who remains employed through the end of the annual performance period is eligible for an award under the plan; • receive accrued, vested balances under the EDIP, ECP, DCP and the Cash Balance Plan, if applicable (provided that under the EDIP and the ECP, If the administrator determines that the circumstances of a participant’s termination constitute gross misconduct, the administrator may determine that the participant’s vesting percentage is as low as zero with respect to all balances that were contributed by Danaher); and • exercise vested stock options (provided that under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, if an employee is terminated for gross misconduct, the administrator may terminate up to all of the participant’s unexercised or unvested equity awards). The terms of the Cash Balance Plan, EDIP, ECP, DCP and Omnibus Plan are described under “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans.” 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 62 Back to Contents Termination/Change-of-Control Event (1) Named Executive Termination Officer Benefit Without Cause ($) Retirement ($) Death ($) (2) Rainer M. Blair Accelerated or continued vesting of stock options (3) – $ 15,813,146 $ 26,084,773 Accelerated or continued vesting of RSUs/PSUs (3) – $ 16,084,869 $ 11,564,846 Benefits continuation (4) $ 24,212 – – Cash payments under
    Proprietary Interest Agreement/Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (4) $ 4,022,666 – – TOTAL: $ 4,046,878 $ 31,898,015 $ 37,649,619 Matthew R. McGrew Accelerated or continued vesting of stock options – – $ 9,377,134 Accelerated or continued vesting of RSUs/PSUs – – $ 3,928,315 Benefits continuation (4) $ 22,710 – – Cash payments under
    Proprietary Interest Agreement/Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (4) $ 726,000 – – Value of unvested EDIP balance that would be accelerated (5) – – $ 561,717 TOTAL: $ 748,710 – $ 13,867,166 Joakim Weidemanis Accelerated or continued vesting of stock options – – $ 25,223,465 Accelerated or continued vesting of RSUs/PSUs – – $ 11,630,318 Benefits continuation (4) $ 27,989 – – Cash payments under Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (4) $ 900,000 – – Value of unvested EDIP balance that would be accelerated (5) – – $ 788,253 TOTAL: $ 927,989 – $ 37,642,036 Angela S. Lalor Accelerated or continued vesting of stock options – – $ 16,508,562 Accelerated or continued vesting of RSUs/PSUs – – $ 7,466,863 Benefits continuation (4) $ 23,291 – – Cash payments under
    Proprietary Interest Agreement/Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (4) $ 727,157 – – TOTAL: $ 750,448 – $ 23,975,425 Brian W. Ellis Accelerated or continued vesting of stock options – – $ 11,840,953 Accelerated or continued vesting of RSUs/PSUs – – $ 5,370,718 Benefits continuation (4) $ 24,655 – – Cash payments under Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (4) $ 636,522 – – Value of unvested EDIP balance that would be accelerated (5) – – $ 530,414 TOTAL: $ 661,177 – $ 17,742,085 The values reflected in the table above and the footnotes
below relating to the acceleration of stock options, RSUs and PSUs reflect the intrinsic value (that is, the value based on the
price of Danaher’s Common Stock, and in the case of stock options minus the exercise price) of the options, RSUs and PSUs
(with respect to PSUs, assuming (a) target-level performance in the case of death before the end of the relevant performance period,
(b) actual performance in the case of death at the conclusion of the relevant performance period, and (c) in the case of retirement,
termination without cause or change-of-control, assuming actual performance for the 2018 PSUs and maximum-level performance for
the 2019 and 2020 PSUs) that would vest or would have vested as a result of the specified event of termination or change-of-control
occurring as of December 31, 2020. The level of PSU performance assumed for purposes of this table is consistent with the methodology
applied for purposes of the “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End” table. With respect to PSUs, the values
reflected in the table above and the footnotes below also include the amount of cash dividend equivalent rights attached to the
respective PSUs and accrued as of December 31, 2020. Mr. Daniel’s employment with Danaher ended in
March 2020 and Mr. Joyce’s employment with Danaher ended in February 2021, and in each case the departing executive qualified
for “early retirement” treatment under the terms of the Omnibus Plan. As of the respective dates of termination, the
value of the pro rated portion of the executive’s unvested stock options, RSUs and PSUs that would vest post-termination
was equal to $12,588,420 with respect to Mr. Daniel and $53,899,550 with respect to Mr. Joyce. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 63 Back to Contents (1) For a description of the treatment upon
    a change-of-control of outstanding equity awards granted under the Omnibus Plan, please see “Summary of Employment Agreements
    and Plans.” The tabular disclosure assumes that upon a change-of-control of Danaher (as defined in the Omnibus Plan),
    Danaher’s Board does not accelerate the vesting of any unvested RSUs, PSUs or stock options held by the named executive
    officers. If a change-of-control had occurred as of December 31, 2020 and Danaher’s Board had allowed all of the unvested
    RSUs, PSUs and stock options held by the named executive officers to accelerate (which would be entirely at the Board’s
    discretion), the intrinsic value of the stock options, RSUs and PSUs held by these officers that would have been accelerated
    would have been as follows (no tax reimbursement or gross-up payments would have been triggered by such accelerations): Stock
    options: Mr. Blair, $26,084,773; Mr. McGrew, $9,377,134; Mr. Weidemanis, $25,223,465; Ms. Lalor, $16,508,562; and Mr. Ellis,
    $11,840,953. RSUs and PSUs: Mr. Blair, $15,264,591; Mr. McGrew, $6,700,382; Mr. Weidemanis, $17,096,606; Ms. Lalor,
    $8,561,885; and Mr. Ellis, $6,148,243. (2) The terms of the Omnibus Plan provide for accelerated
    vesting of a participant’s stock options and a pro rata portion of a participant’s RSUs and PSUs (at target value)
    if the participant dies during employment. For a description of these provisions under the Omnibus Plan, please see “Summary
    of Employment Agreements and Plans.” (3) If Mr. Blair had retired as of December 31, 2020,
    he would have qualified for “early retirement” treatment under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, which provides for,
    among other terms, continued vesting of a pro rata portion of the participant’s stock options, RSUs and PSUs (based
    on the actual performance level achieved) upon early retirement. For a description of these provisions under the Omnibus Plan,
    please see “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans.” (4) Please see “Summary of Employment Agreements
    and Plans” for a description of the respective benefits and cash payments each officer would be entitled to if Danaher
    terminates the officer’s employment without cause, as well as a description of the post-employment restrictive covenant
    obligations of each officer. The amounts set forth in the table assume that the officer would have executed Danaher’s
    standard release in connection with any termination without cause. (5) Under the terms of the EDIP, upon a participant’s
    death the unvested portion of the Company contributions that have been credited to the participant’s EDIP account would
    immediately vest. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 64 Back to Contents 2020 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation The table below sets forth for each named executive
officer information regarding (1) participation in the EDIP and the ECP, as applicable, (2) participation in the DCP, and (3) PSUs
that vested in 2020 and remain subject to a mandatory holding period that extends until the end of 2021. There were no withdrawals
by or distributions to any of the named executive officers from the EDIP, ECP or DCP in 2020. For a description of the EDIP, the
ECP and the DCP, please see “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans—Supplemental Retirement Program”; for
a description of the PSUs, please see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Analysis of 2020 Named Executive Officer
Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Awards.” Executive Registrant Aggregate Aggregate Contributions Contributions Earnings Balance Name Plan Name In Last FY($) (1) In Last FY($) (2) In Last FY($) (3) At Last FYE($) (4) Rainer M. Blair EDIP – $ 113,400 $ 562,589 $ 1,805,189 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 2,392,682 $ 934,618 $ 3,355,368 Matthew R. McGrew EDIP – $ 85,140 $ 194,455 $ 624,130 Joakim Weidemanis EDIP – $ 102,465 $ 896,703 $ 3,910,411 DCP $ 275,897 – $ 109,083 $ 377,260 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 1,915,107 $ 748,070 $ 2,685,643 Angela S. Lalor ECP – $ 80,956 $ 112,836 $ 321,574 EDIP – – $ 956,136 $ 4,109,135 DCP $ 99,364 – $ 20,952 $ 157,642 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 2,009,660 $ 785,004 $ 2,818,240 Brian W. Ellis ECP – $ 39,411 $ 82,383 $ 232,402 EDIP – – $ 289,676 $ 1,405,685 DCP $ 248,810 – $ 99,859 $ 339,101 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 1,435,930 $ 560,896 $ 2,013,670 Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. EDIP – $ 390,000 $ 5,705,310 $ 27,206,107 DCP $ 350,400 – $ 104,568 $ 806,915 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 9,569,125 $ 3,737,846 $ 13,419,225 William K. Daniel II EDIP – $ 168,219 $ 1,934,687 0 DCP $ 436,317 – $ 45,367 0 Vested PSUs (5) – $ 3,349,434 $ 1,308,340 $ 4,697,066 (1) Consists of contributions to the DCP of the following
    amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table: Name 2020 Salary
    (Reported in Summary Compensation Table for 2020) Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation Earned With Respect to 2019 but Deferred in 2020 (Reported in Summary Compensation
    Table for 2019) Rainer M. Blair – – Matthew R. McGrew – – Joakim
    Weidemanis – $   275,897 Angela
    S. Lalor $     37,692 N/A Brian
    W. Ellis – N/A Thomas
    P. Joyce, Jr. $   350,400 – William
    K. Daniel II – $   436,317 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 65 Back to Contents (2) The EDIP or ECP amounts set forth in this column
    (as applicable) are included as 2020 compensation under the “All Other Compensation” column in the 2020 Summary
    Compensation Table. The PSU amounts set forth in this column (including related cash dividend equivalent rights) are included
    in the “Stock Awards-Value Realized on Vesting” column in the “Option Exercises and Stock Vested During
    Fiscal 2020” table. (3) None of the amounts set forth in this column are included
    as compensation in the 2020 Summary Compensation Table. For a description of the EDIP/ECP/DCP earnings rates, please see “Summary
    of Employment Agreements and Plans.” The table below shows each notional earnings option that was available under the
    EDIP, ECP and/or DCP as of December 31, 2020 and the rate of return for each such option for the calendar year ended December
    31, 2020 (the rate of return is net of investment management fees, fund expenses and administrative charges, as applicable): EDIP
    Investment Option Rate of Return from January 1, 2020
    Through December 31, 2020 (%) EDIP Investment Option Rate of Return from January 1, 2020 Through December 31, 2020 (%) Fidelity ® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class 0.38% Fidelity ® Low-Priced Stock Commingled Pool 9.59% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2020 Fund N/A T. Rowe Price Large Cap Core Growth Separate Account 35.03% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2025 Fund 12.14% Small/Mid Cap Equity Index Fund 19.76% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2030 Fund 12.79% Large Cap Equity Index Fund 18.45% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2035 Fund 13.59% PIMCO Inflation Response Multi-Asset Fund Institutional 9.36% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2040 Fund 14.07% Dodge & Cox International Stock Fund 2.10% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2045 Fund 14.84% Managed Income Portfolio II Class 3 2.02% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2050 Fund 15.18% The London Company Income Equity Separate Account 8.43% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2055 Fund 15.27% International Equity Index Fund 11.30% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index 2060 Fund 15.26% Bond Fund 7.60% BlackRock
    LifePath ® Index Retirement Fund 11.86% Bond Index Fund 7.51% The Danaher Corporation Stock Fund 46.30% Active Small Cap Equity Fund 18.70% Cohen & Steers Realty Shares Fund -2.88% PIMCO All Asset Fund Institutional Class 8.41% (4) Of these
    balances, the following amounts were reported in the Summary Compensation Table for previous years: Mr. Blair, $288,525; Mr.
    McGrew, $143,426; Mr. Weidemanis, $871,521; Ms. Lalor, $180,320; Mr. Ellis, $488,221; Mr. Joyce, $4,889,642; and Mr. Daniel,
    $1,511,314. (5) Represents PSUs that
    vested in February 2020 but remain subject to a mandatory holding period that extends until the end of 2021. The dollar value
    reported under “Registrant Contributions in Last FY” is based on (a) the number of PSU shares vested times the
    closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on the vesting date (or on the last trading day prior
    to the vesting date if the vesting date was not a trading day), plus (b) the amount of cash dividend equivalent rights attached
    to the respective PSUs and accrued as of the vesting date. The dollar value reported under “Aggregate Balance at Last
    FYE” is based on (x) the number of PSU shares vested times the closing price of Danaher’s Common Stock as reported
    on the NYSE on December 31, 2020, plus (y) the amount of cash dividend equivalent rights attached to the respective PSUs and
    accrued as of December 31, 2020. The dollar value reported under “Aggregate Earnings in Last FY” is equal to the
    difference between the award value as of December 31, 2020 and the award value as of respective vesting date. 2020 Pension Benefits The table below shows as of December 31, 2020, the
present value of accumulated benefits payable to Mr. Joyce under the Cash Balance Plan of the Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries
Pension Plan (the “Cash Balance Plan”), which is the only defined benefit pension plan in which any of the named executive
officers participates. The Cash Balance Plan is part of the Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries Pension Plan, a funded pension
plan qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”). Prior to the inception of the Cash Balance
Plan in 1997, Danaher made annual contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans of substantially all of its United
States salaried employees, in an amount equal to 3% of the employee’s annual, eligible base salary. From 1997 through 2003,
in lieu of these contributions, Danaher credited the same level of contributions to the Cash Balance Plan for each covered employee.
As of December 31, 2003, the plan was frozen with respect to substantially all participants under the plan (including Mr. Joyce)
and no further contributions will be made with respect to such participants under the plan. All accrued benefits under the plan
for these participants became 100% vested as of such date. All account balances under the plan with respect to these participants
(including Mr. Joyce) now increase each year at a rate equal to the annual rate of interest on 30-year Treasury securities for
the month of November immediately preceding the applicable plan year. Upon termination of employment, a participant receives his
or her vested accrued benefit in cash or as an annuity (based on the participant’s election). 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 66 Back to Contents The material assumptions used in quantifying the present
value of the accumulated benefit at December 31, 2020 are as follows: an interest crediting rate (applied from the plan measurement
date until normal retirement age) of 2.8%; a retirement age of 65, which is normal retirement age under the Cash Balance Plan;
payment of the accrued obligations in a lump sum upon retirement; and the discount rates as set forth in Note 13 to Danaher’s
consolidated financial statements included in Danaher’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020.
There were no payments made to any named executive officers under the Cash Balance Plan in 2020. Present Value Number of Years of Accumulated Name Plan Name Credited Service(#) (1) Benefits($) (2) Rainer M. Blair – – – Matthew R. McGrew – – – Joakim Weidemanis – – – Angela S. Lalor – – – Brian W. Ellis – – – Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. Cash Balance Plan of Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries Pension Plan 7.0 $143,816 William K. Daniel II – – – (1) Represents the number of years the named executive officer
    participated in the Cash Balance Plan before it was frozen in 2003 with respect to new Danaher contributions. (2) Calculated as of December 31, 2020, the pension plan measurement date used in
    Danaher’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. Equity Compensation Plan Information All data set forth in the table below is as of December
31, 2020. Plan Category (1) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights(a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights(b) (2) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column(a))(c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (3) 21,143,953 (4) $ 100.81 56,241,846 (5) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (6) 10,372 – 1,988,973 TOTAL 21,154,325 $ 100.81 58,230,819 (1) Table does not include (a) 12,396 shares of Danaher Common
    Stock issuable pursuant to outstanding restricted stock units granted under the Pall Corporation 2012 Stock Compensation Plan,
    as amended (the “Pall Plan”), which Danaher assumed in connection with the acquisition of Pall Corporation in
    2015, or (b) 50,967 shares of Danaher Common Stock issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options (which had a weighted average
    exercise price of $52.42 per share as of December 31, 2020) granted under the Cepheid 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended
    and the Cepheid 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Cepheid Plans”), which Danaher assumed in connection
    with the acquisition of Cepheid in 2016. No further awards may be granted under the Pall Plan or either of the Cepheid Plans. (2) The PSUs and RSUs that have been issued under our equity compensation plans (and
    under the Pall Plan and Cepheid Plans) do not require a payment by the recipient to us at the time of vesting. The phantom
    shares under the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan and the ECP (which are sub-plans under the Omnibus
    Plan) and the DCP at distribution are converted into shares of Danaher Common Stock and distributed to the participant at
    no additional cost. Under the EDIP, if a participant receives their distribution in shares of Danaher Common Stock, the participant’s
    balance is converted into shares of Danaher Common Stock and distributed to the participant at no additional cost. As such,
    the weighted-average exercise price in column (b) does not take these awards into account. (3) Consists of the Omnibus Plan (including the Non-Employee Directors’ Deferred
    Compensation Plan and the ECP) and the EDIP. With respect to PSUs that are outstanding under the Omnibus Plan, if the related
    performance criteria have not been certified as of the date of the table, this column reflects the maximum number of shares
    issuable pursuant to these awards; and if the performance criteria have been certified as of the date of the table, this column
    reflects the earned number of shares issuable pursuant to such awards. (4) Consists of 19,963,734 shares attributable to the Omnibus Plan and 1,180,219
    shares attributable to the EDIP. Under the terms of the EDIP, upon distribution of a participant’s EDIP balance the
    participant may elect to receive his or her distribution in cash, shares of Danaher Common Stock or a combination of cash
    and shares of Danaher Common Stock (except that any portion of a participant’s account that is subject to the Danaher
    Common Stock earnings rate must be distributed in shares of Danaher Common Stock). For purposes of this table, we have assumed
    that all EDIP balances as of December 31, 2020 would be distributed in Danaher Common Stock. (5) Consists of 54,423,286 shares available for future issuance under the Omnibus
    Plan and 1,818,560 shares available for future issuance under the EDIP. See “Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans”
    for a description of the types of awards issuable under the Omnibus Plan. (6) Consists of the DCP; for a summary of the DCP, please see “Summary of Employment
    Agreements and Plans – Supplemental Retirement Program.” Under the terms of the DCP, any portion of a participant’s
    account that is subject to the Danaher Common Stock earnings rate must be distributed in shares of Danaher Common Stock (all
    other balances are distributed in cash). 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 67 Back to Contents Pay Ratio Disclosure Provided
below is information about the relationship of the annualized total compensation of Rainer M. Blair, our President and Chief Executive
Officer, and the annual total compensation of the median of our employees other than Mr. Blair. In estimating the ratio set forth
below, we used the following methodologies: • Rainer
    M. Blair succeeded Thomas P. Joyce, Jr. as our President and Chief Executive Officer effective September 1, 2020. Since Mr.
    Blair served as President and Chief Executive Officer on October 31, 2020, the date we selected to identify the median
    employee, we used Mr. Blair’s annualized rate of pay as of October 31, 2020 for purposes of calculating the CEO’s
    compensation. • We identified the median employee as of October 31, 2020 based on (1) annual base salary (for all Company salaried employees, other than Messrs. Blair and Joyce) and hourly rate multiplied by scheduled annual work hours (for all Company hourly employees), and (2) the target annual cash incentive compensation for each employee entitled thereto (other than Messrs. Blair and Joyce). The calculation included all employees whether employed full time, part time or on a seasonal basis. The pay ratio set forth below is a reasonable estimate
calculated in a manner consistent with applicable SEC rules. In light of the numerous different methodologies, assumptions, adjustments
and estimates that companies may apply as permitted under the SEC rules, this information should not be used as a basis for comparison
between different companies. For 2020, our last completed fiscal year: • the annualized total compensation of Mr. Blair (based on Mr. Blair’s rate of pay as of October 31, 2020) was $14,727,361; • the annual total compensation of the median of all Danaher employees (other than Messrs. Blair and Joyce) was $60,594; and • the ratio of the annualized total compensation of Mr. Blair to the annual total compensation of the median of all other Company employees was 243 to 1. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 68 Back to Contents SUMMARY OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND PLANS Following is a description of (1) named executive
officer employment-related agreements, and (2) the cash incentive compensation, equity compensation, non-qualified deferred compensation
and severance pay plans in which Danaher’s named executive officers participate. Each of these plans allows the plan administrator
to exercise certain discretion in the administration of the plan, and as a result the plan administrator may administer the plan
in a different manner from period to period, or in a different manner with respect to different plan participants, in each case
to the extent permitted under the applicable plan. Employment Agreements Named Executive Officer Proprietary Interest
Agreements In connection with Mr. Blair’s promotion
to the role of President and CEO in 2020, Danaher and Mr. Blair entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement Regarding Competition
and Protection of Proprietary Interests (the “Blair Agreement”). Under the Blair Agreement, during and for two years
after Mr. Blair’s employment with us, subject to certain customary exceptions, he is prohibited from disclosing or improperly
using any of our confidential information; making any disparaging comments about us; competing with us; selling to or soliciting
purchases from our customers and prospective customers with respect to products and services about which he has particular knowledge;
or hiring or soliciting any of our current or recent employees, and during and for one year after his employment with us he is
prohibited from working for any Danaher customers or vendors in any role in which he would use or disclose or threaten to use or
disclose any of our confidential information. In addition, with limited exceptions all intellectual
property that Mr. Blair develops in connection with his employment with us belongs to us. The Blair Agreement further provides
that if we terminate Mr. Blair’s employment without “cause” or if he terminates his employment for “good
reason” (each as defined in the Blair Agreement), he will be entitled to (1) a cash amount equal to twelve months of base
salary at the rate in effect on the date of termination (the “Termination Date,” and the year in which the Termination
Date occurs is referred to as the “Termination Year”), (2) the annual cash incentive compensation award for service
in the calendar year prior to the Termination Year, if it has not been paid prior to the Termination Date (the “Accrued Obligation”),
(3) a cash amount equal to his target annual cash incentive compensation award for the Termination Year, and (4) a cash amount
equal to the product of (x) his target annual cash incentive compensation award for the Termination Year, times (y) a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of calendar days from the beginning of the Termination Year through the Termination Date,
and the denominator of which is 365; provided in each case he signs and does not revoke a release of all claims. Any severance
payments paid under any other Danaher plan or agreement will diminish the severance payments under the Blair Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar
basis (except for the Accrued Obligation). We have also entered into an agreement with each
of the other NEOs under which each such officer is subject to certain covenants designed to protect Danaher’s proprietary
interests (each, a “Proprietary Interest Agreement”). Except for differences in the duration of certain restrictive
covenants, the terms of such agreements are substantially the same. During and for specified periods after the officer’s
employment with us, subject to certain customary exceptions, the officer is prohibited from disclosing or improperly using any
of our confidential information; making any disparaging comments about us; competing with us; selling to or soliciting purchases
from our customers and prospective customers with respect to products and services about which the officer has particular knowledge;
or hiring or soliciting any of our current or recent employees. Each officer also agrees that with limited exceptions all intellectual
property that the officer develops in connection with the officer’s employment with us belongs to us. Certain of the agreements
also restrict interfering with our vendor relationships, and certain of the agreements prohibit the officer for a specified period
of time from working for any Danaher customers or vendors in any role in which the officer would use or disclose or threaten to
use or disclose any of our confidential information. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 69 Back to Contents Lalor Agreement Danaher entered into a letter agreement with Ms.
Lalor in 2012 in connection with her hiring as Danaher’s Senior Vice President-Human Resources. The provisions under the
agreement remaining to be performed entitle Ms. Lalor to: • a retention bonus of $2.4 million payable in three equal installments within 30 days of the eighth, ninth and tenth anniversaries of Ms. Lalor’s employment start date, respectively, subject in each case to continued employment and timely execution of a general release of claims in favor of the Company (the first installment of such bonus was paid in 2020); and • participate in the Company’s Senior Leaders Severance Pay Plan, provided that the amount of severance she is eligible for under such plan is equal to the product of (1) her annual base salary at the time of termination and (2) the sum of 100% plus her target annual bonus percentage under the Company’s annual cash incentive compensation plan as of the time of termination. Ellis Agreement Danaher entered into a letter agreement with Mr.
Ellis in 2015 in connection with his hiring as Danaher’s Senior Vice President-General Counsel. The provisions under the
agreement remaining to be performed entitle Mr. Ellis to severance pursuant to the Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan in an amount
equal to his annual base salary at the time of termination. Joyce Agreements In connection with Mr. Joyce’s promotion
to President and CEO in September 2014, we amended his Proprietary Interest Agreement to provide that if Danaher terminated Mr.
Joyce’s employment without cause, in addition to the 12 months of base salary already provided for under the agreement and
as additional consideration for Mr. Joyce’s obligations under the agreement, Danaher would (1) pay him an amount equal to
the average of the annual cash incentive compensation awards paid to him with respect to the three most recent, completed calendar
years prior to the date of termination (the “Three-Year Average Annual Bonus”), (2) pay him an amount equal to a prorated
portion of the Three-Year Average Annual Bonus (capped at 250% of his annual base salary rate as of the termination date), based
on the number of days he is employed by Danaher in the year of termination divided by 365, and (3) accelerate the time-based vesting
applicable to his outstanding equity awards such that a pro rata portion of such awards will be deemed vested, based on the number
of days between the grant date and termination date divided by the total number of days in the original vesting term of the award. In addition, to document Mr. Joyce’s compensation
during the period from September 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021 (the “continued employment period”), Danaher entered
into a letter agreement with Mr. Joyce on May 6, 2020 (the “Joyce Agreement”). The Joyce Agreement provided that after
Mr. Joyce stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer and from the Board on September 1, 2020, he would continue his
employment at the Company as Senior Advisor through February 28, 2021 to assist in the Company’s leadership transition. Mr.
Joyce’s annual base salary, health and welfare benefits and perquisites continued unchanged during the continued employment
period (except that he was required to reimburse the Company for all personal use of the Company aircraft during such period);
his 2020 annual cash incentive compensation target award opportunity was pro-rated based on the percentage of the year he served
as President and Chief Executive Officer; and his outstanding equity awards would be treated in accordance with the terms of the
Company’s 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreements. Directors’ and Officers’ Indemnification
and Insurance Danaher’s Certificate of Incorporation requires
it to indemnify to the full extent authorized or permitted by law any person made, or threatened to be made a party to any action
or proceeding by reason of his or her service as a director or officer of Danaher, or by reason of serving at Danaher’s request
as a director or officer of any other entity, subject to certain exceptions. Danaher’s Bylaws provide for similar indemnification
rights. In addition, each of Danaher Corporation’s directors and executive officers has executed an indemnification agreement
with Danaher that provides for substantially similar indemnification rights and under which Danaher has agreed to pay expenses
in advance of the final disposition of any such indemnifiable proceeding. Danaher also has in effect directors and officers liability
insurance covering all of Danaher’s directors and officers. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan General. The Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors of Danaher (the “Administrator”) administers the Omnibus Plan. The following awards may be granted under
the Omnibus Plan: stock options, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs and other stock-based awards (including PSUs), as such terms are
defined in the Omnibus Plan, as well as cash-based awards (collectively, all such awards are referred to as “awards”). 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 70 Back to Contents Award Limits 126,846,408 shares of Common Stock have been authorized
for issuance under the Omnibus Plan (the “Maximum Share Limit”). Under the terms of the plan, (1) each share of Common
Stock subject to a full value award and granted before February 28, 2017 counts against the Maximum Share Limit as one share of
Common Stock, (2) each share of Common Stock subject to a full value award and granted after February 28, 2017 counts against the
Maximum Share Limit as 3.56 shares of Common Stock, and (3) if after February 28, 2017 any full value award expires, is canceled,
forfeited, cash-settled, exchanged or assumed by a third party or terminates for any other reason, in each case without a distribution
of shares of Common Stock to the participant, each share of Common Stock available under that award is added back to the Maximum
Share Limit as 3.56 shares of Common Stock. The plan caps the number of shares of Common Stock that may be awarded to any individual
in any calendar year under options or SARs at 1,000,000, provided that this cap is doubled in the initial year of hire. Cash-based
awards under the plan are subject to an annual limit of $10 million (which amount is doubled in the initial year of hire) per employee
participant. The plan also caps the annual cash and equity compensation (based on grant date fair value) that may be awarded to
any individual, non-management director at $800,000 ($1,300,000 for any non-management Board chair or vice chair (or similar role)). Prohibition on Share Recycling The following shares of Common Stock do not again
become available for awards or increase the number of shares available for grant under the plan: shares of Common Stock (1) tendered
by the participant or withheld by the Company in payment of the purchase price of an option or SAR, (2) tendered by the participant
or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation under the plan, (3) repurchased by the Company with proceeds
received from the exercise of an option, or (4) subject to a SAR that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of
that SAR upon its exercise. Minimum Vesting Requirement All equity awards granted following the date of
the Company’s 2017 annual meeting are subject to a minimum one-year vesting or performance requirement, except that (1) up
to five percent (5%) of the Maximum Share Limit under the plan may be issued without regard to this minimum vesting period, (2)
this minimum vesting period does not apply in the event of death, disability, retirement or other terminations of employment or
service, and (3) the Administrator may waive the minimum vesting requirement in the event of a substantial corporate change. Performance Rules Awards under the Omnibus Plan may be subject to
time-based and/or performance-based vesting conditions. Retirement and Other Terminations of Employment Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth
in the Omnibus Plan or the applicable award agreement (including the overall term of the award), in general: • upon retiring after reaching age 65, (1) a participant’s unvested options continue to vest and, together with any options that are vested as of the retirement date, remain outstanding and (once vested) may be exercised until the fifth anniversary of the retirement date, (2) any RSUs that are unvested as of the retirement date continue to vest according to their terms, and (3) with respect to PSUs, the participant receives a prorated portion of the shares actually earned based on the Company’s performance over the performance period; and • solely with respect to awards granted during or after 2015, upon retiring after reaching age 55 and completing ten years of service with Danaher, (1) a pro rata portion of the participant’s unvested options continue to vest and, together with any options that are vested as of the retirement date, remain outstanding and (once vested) may be exercised until the fifth anniversary of the retirement date, (2) a pro rata portion of any RSUs that are unvested as of the retirement date continue to vest according to their terms, and (3) with respect to PSUs, the participant receives a prorated portion of the shares actually earned based on the Company’s performance over the performance period. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 71 Back to Contents Upon terminations of employment other than retirement
(as defined under the Omnibus Plan), unless the Administrator determines otherwise any options or SARs that are vested as of a
participant’s termination of employment (including any options or SARs the vesting of which accelerates as a result of the
participant’s death) will remain exercisable until the earlier of the expiration of the award’s term or (1) 12 months
after termination, if the termination results from the participant’s death or disability, (2) in the Administrator’s
discretion, at the time of termination if the participant’s employment is terminated for gross misconduct, or (3) 90 days
following the termination date, in all other non-retirement situations. If an award survives for any period of time following termination
of employment, it will nonetheless terminate as of the date that the participant violates any post-employment covenant between
Danaher and the participant. In addition, upon termination of a participant’s employment or service due to death, generally
(1) all of the participant’s outstanding stock options granted under the Omnibus Plan become fully vested, (2) the vesting
of a pro rata portion of the participant’s outstanding RSUs is accelerated as of the date of death, and (3) with respect
to PSUs as to which the death occurs prior to conclusion of the performance period, the participant’s estate receives a pro
rata portion of the target number of shares underlying the PSUs. Corporate Changes As defined in the Omnibus Plan, a substantial
corporate change includes the consummation of (1) Danaher’s dissolution or liquidation; (2) any transaction or series
of transactions in which any person or entity or group of persons or entities is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly,
of voting securities of the Company (not including any securities acquired directly from the Company or any affiliate thereof)
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; (3) a change in the
composition of the Board such that individuals who were serving on the Board as of May 9, 2017, together with any new member of
the Board (other than a member of the Board whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election
contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose appointment
or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company’s shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of
at least a majority of the members of the Board then still in office who either were members of the Board on such date or whose
appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended, cease for any reason to constitute
a majority of the number of the members of the Board then serving; (4) a merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Company
with one or more corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships or other entities, other than a merger, consolidation
or reorganization which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such event continuing
to have both (i) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the ultimate parent entity resulting from
such merger, consolidation, or reorganization (and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion
as the voting power of such Company voting securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to such transaction), and (ii)
the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of the ultimate parent entity resulting
from such merger, consolidation, or reorganization; or (5) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
another person or entity. Upon a substantial corporate change, either (1)
the Board will provide for the assumption or continuation of outstanding awards, or the substitution for such awards of any options
or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor employer corporation, or (2) if any outstanding such award is not so
assumed, continued or substituted for, then any forfeitable portions of the awards will terminate and the administrator in its
sole discretion may (i) provide that optionees or holders of SARs will have the right before the consummation of the transaction
to exercise any unexercised portions of an option or SAR; and/or (ii) for any awards, cancel each award after payment to the participant
of (a) an amount in cash, cash equivalents, or successor equity interests substantially equal to the fair market value of the shares
of Common Stock subject to the award (minus, for options and SARs, the exercise price, and for any awards where the Board or the
administrator determines it is appropriate, any required tax withholdings), or (b) an amount equal to the cash value of the award
with respect to cash-based awards. The administrator will determine in its discretion the impact, if any, of the substantial corporate
change upon any performance conditions otherwise applicable to an award. Amendment or Termination; Term of Plan The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the
Omnibus Plan. However, no amendment may be effected without approval of Danaher’s shareholders to the extent such approval
is required under applicable law or any applicable stock exchange rule. Except as required by law or upon a dissolution, liquidation,
merger or similar corporate change, the administrator may not amend or cancel the Omnibus Plan or any award made under the Omnibus
Plan without the written consent of the participant if such action would materially adversely affect any outstanding award; provided
however, that the Board reserves the right to unilaterally alter or modify the plan and any awards made thereunder to ensure all
awards provided to participants who are U.S. taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies
with Code Section 409A. Unless the Board extends the plan’s term, the administrator may not grant awards under the plan after
May 9, 2027. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 72 Back to Contents Recoupment All awards granted under the Omnibus Plan are
subject to the Company’s recoupment policy in the form approved by the administrator from time to time, if and to the extent
the policy applies according to its terms, as well as any recoupment terms required by applicable law. Supplemental Retirement Program Company Contributions Danaher uses the Executive Deferred Incentive
Program, or EDIP, and the Excess Contribution Program, or ECP (which is a sub-plan under the 2007 Omnibus Plan) to provide supplemental
retirement benefits on a pre-tax basis in excess of qualified plan limitations to select management associates of Danaher and its
subsidiaries (including each of the named executive officers, as applicable). Prior to January 1, 2019, the EDIP was the sole plan
used by the Company to provide supplemental retirement benefits (and also served as a voluntary deferred compensation program).
The ECP became effective as of January 1, 2019 and prior to such date, EDIP participants made a one-time election to either continue
participating in the EDIP or participate in the ECP. All participants who join Danaher’s supplemental retirement program
at or after January 1, 2019 receive Company contributions under the ECP. All amounts that Danaher contributes to a participant’s
account in the EDIP and ECP are deemed invested on a notional basis in Danaher Common Stock. If termination of an employee’s
participation in the EDIP or ECP resulted from the employee’s gross misconduct, the Administrator may reduce the employee’s
vested interest with respect to all Danaher contributions to as low as zero percent. EDIP At the beginning of each plan year, Danaher credits
to the account of each EDIP participant an amount equal to the product of (1) the sum of the participant’s base salary and
target bonus as of the end of the prior year; and (2) a percentage determined by the Administrator that is based on the participant’s
years of participation in the EDIP, namely 6% for employees who have participated in the EDIP for less than 10 years, 8% after
10 years of EDIP participation and 10% after 15 years of EDIP participation. A participant vests in the amounts that Danaher
credits to his or her EDIP account as follows: • If the participant has both reached age 55 and completed at least five years of service with Danaher or its subsidiaries, the participant immediately vests 100% in each Danaher contribution. • If the participant does not satisfy the conditions described under the preceding bullet, the participant’s vesting percentage is 10% for each full calendar year of participation in the EDIP (after the participant has first completed five years of participation in the EDIP). • If a participant dies while employed by Danaher, his or her vesting percentage equals 100%. ECP Under the ECP, on or about February 1 after the
applicable year of participation, Danaher credits to the account of each participant an excess matching contribution and excess
non-elective contribution based on the formulas in the Company’s 401(k) plan for matching and non-elective contributions.
As a result, each participant can receive the following contributions in the ECP: • a matching contribution to the ECP equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the amount deferred into the Danaher Deferred Compensation Plan, or DCP for the year of participation, up to 3% of the greater of (1) the participant’s compensation that is deferred into the DCP or (2) the participant’s compensation above the IRS compensation limit for qualified retirement plans (“match compensation”), plus (b) 50% of the amount deferred into the DCP for the year of participation in excess of 3%, but not in excess of 5%, of the participant’s match compensation; and • a non-elective contribution equal to 4% of the participant’s rate of base salary and target bonus amount as of December 31 prior to the year of participation in excess of the IRS compensation limit for qualified retirement plans. A participant vests in the matching contribution
in the ECP made each year on the first anniversary after it is credited to the participant’s account. A participant vests
in the non-elective contribution in the ECP made each year on the later of the first anniversary after it is credited to the participant’s
account, or the date the participant has completed three years of service with Danaher. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 73 Back to Contents Voluntary Deferrals Each DCP participant is permitted to voluntarily
defer into the program, on a pre-tax basis, up to 85% of his or her salary and/ or up to 85% of his or her non-equity incentive
compensation with respect to a given plan year. Notional earnings on amounts deferred under the program are credited to participant
accounts based on the market rate of return of the applicable benchmark investment alternatives offered under the program, which
are generally the same as the investment alternatives offered under our 401(k) Plan (except for any investment options that may
only be offered under the tax qualified 401(k) Plan). Each participant allocates the amounts the participant voluntarily defers
among the available investment alternatives. Participants may change their allocations at any time, provided that any portion of
a participant’s account that is subject to the Danaher Common Stock investment alternative must remain allocated to that
investment alternative until the account is distributed to the participant. Participants are at all times fully vested in amounts
they voluntarily defer into their DCP accounts. Distributions In general, a participant may not receive a distribution
of his or her vested EDIP account balance (including any amounts voluntarily deferred) until after his or her employment with Danaher
terminates. A participant generally may elect to receive a distribution of his or her DCP account balance following his or her
termination of employment or on a specified future date prior to his or her termination of employment. The following chart generally
describes the timing and manner of distribution of EDIP, ECP and DCP account balances: Name
    of Plan Timing
    of Beginning of Distribution Period
    of Distribution Form
    of Distribution EDIP Not
    100% vested in Danaher contributions 6
    months following termination Lump
    sum Participant
    may elect to receive distribution in cash, shares of Danaher Common Stock or a combination thereof (but all balances subject
    to the Danaher Common Stock investment alternative must be distributed in shares of Danaher Common Stock) 100%
    vested in Danaher contributions Participant
    may elect to begin receiving distributions immediately, 6 months, 1 year or 2 years following termination (generally, a distribution
    after a termination of employment is payable after a 6-month delay). Participant
    may elect lump sum, or if at least age 55, annual installments over two, five or ten years ECP Participant
    will begin receiving distributions immediately following termination. A six-month delay may apply if the participant is a
    “key employee” under applicable tax rules. Lump
    sum Shares
    of Danaher common stock DCP Participant
    may elect to begin receiving distributions on the earlier of a fixed date or termination of employment. Distributions on a
    fixed date must be at least 3 years after the date of election. Distribution elections upon a termination of employment are
    the same as under the EDIP (a 6-month delay may apply to distributions on a termination of employment if the participant is
    a “key employee” under applicable tax rules) Participant
    may elect lump sum or annual installments over a period of up to 10 years All
    balances subject to the Danaher Common Stock investment alternative must be distributed in shares of Danaher Common Stock,
    and all other balances must be paid in cash Certain events, such as the participant’s
death or an unforeseeable emergency, may impact the timing of a distribution under the EDIP, the ECP or the DCP. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 74 Back to Contents General Under the EDIP, the ECP and the DCP, Danaher contributions
and amounts voluntarily deferred are unfunded and unsecured obligations of Danaher, receive no preferential standing and are subject
to the same risks as any of Danaher’s other general obligations. Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan Each of Danaher’s executive officers (in
addition to certain other categories of employees as specified in the plan) is entitled to certain benefits under Danaher’s
Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan. If a covered employee is terminated without “cause” (as defined below) and except
in certain circumstances as specified in the plan, subject to execution of Danaher’s standard form of release the employee
is entitled to severance equal to a minimum of three months of annual base salary plus an additional month for each year of service
(provided that the three months plus all additional months cannot exceed twelve months in aggregate) paid out over the applicable
severance period according to the normal payroll cycle, as well as the opportunity to continue coverage under specified welfare
benefit plans of the Company for the duration of the severance period at the same cost as an active employee in a position similar
to that held by the employee at termination. There is no change-in control provision in the Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan. To
the extent a covered employee is entitled to severance or other post-termination compensation pursuant to the terms of an individual
agreement, payments and benefits will only be provided under the plan to the extent they are not duplicative of the payments and
benefits provided under the individual agreement. Under the plan, “cause” is defined
as (1) the employee’s dishonesty, fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement, willful misconduct or gross negligence with respect
to, or any other action in willful disregard of the interests of, Danaher or its affiliates; (2) the employee’s conviction
of, or pleading guilty or no contest to (i) a felony, (ii) any misdemeanor (other than a traffic violation), or (iii) any other
crime or activity that would impair the employee’s ability to perform duties or impair the business reputation of Danaher
or its affiliates; (3) the employee’s willful failure or refusal to satisfactorily perform any duties assigned to the employee;
(4) the employee’s failure or refusal to comply with Company standards, policies or procedures, including without limitation
the Code of Conduct as amended from time to time; (5) the employee’s violation of any restrictive covenant agreement with
Danaher or its affiliates; (6) the employee’s engaging in any activity that is in conflict with the business purposes of
Danaher or its affiliates (as determined in the sole discretion of Danaher and its affiliates); or (7) a material misrepresentation
or a breach of any of the employee’s representations, obligations or agreements under the plan. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 75 Back to Contents PROPOSAL 3 Advisory Vote on Named Executive Officer Compensation In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities
Exchange Act, we are asking our shareholders to vote at the 2021 Annual Meeting to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation
of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Our shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation occurs
on an annual basis. As discussed in detail under the heading “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis,” our executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain executives with the leadership
skills, attributes and experience necessary to succeed in an enterprise with Danaher’s size, diversity and global footprint;
motivate executives to demonstrate exceptional personal performance and perform consistently over the long-term at or above the
levels that we expect; and link compensation to the achievement of corporate goals that we believe best correlate with the creation
of long-term shareholder value. We believe our executive compensation program
has been highly effective in achieving these objectives, both in 2020 and historically: • 2020
    Performance . As discussed above in the section titled “Proxy Statement Summary – Business Highlights,”
    the COVID-19 pandemic posed an unprecedented challenge to our business in 2020, and in response we have focused on the health
    and well-being of our associates, mitigating disruptions to our businesses and deploying the full breadth of our portfolio
    in the fight against the virus. Notwithstanding the pandemic and the transition of the CEO role from Mr. Joyce to Mr. Blair
    in September 2020, over the course of 2020 Danaher: • continued to invest in future growth, investing $1.3 billion in research and development and acquiring the Cytiva business for a cash purchase price of approximately $20.7 billion; • returned approximately $500 million to common stockholders through cash dividends (marking the 28 th year in a row Danaher has paid a dividend on its common stock); and • increased revenues by 24.5% and net earnings by 50.0% on a year-over-year basis and generated $6.2 billion of operating cash flow • Long-Term
    Performance . Danaher’s compounded, average annual shareholder return has outperformed the S&P 500 Index
    over each of the last one, two, three, five-, ten-, fifteen-, twenty- and twenty-five year periods, and over the last twenty-five
    years ranks first in its peer group. In addition, Danaher is the only company in its peer group whose total shareholder return
    outperformed the S&P 500 Index: • over every rolling 3-year period from and including 1996-2020; and • by more than 600 basis points over every rolling 3-year period from and including 2001-2020. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 76 Back to Contents Our executive compensation program operates within
a strong framework of compensation governance. Our Compensation Committee regularly reviews external executive compensation practices
and trends and incorporates best practices into our executive compensation program: WHAT WE DO WHAT
    WE DON’T DO Five-year vesting requirement for stock options; three-year performance period plus further two-year holding period for PSUs No tax gross-up provisions (except as applicable to management employees generally such as relocation policy) Incentive compensation programs feature multiple, different performance measures aligned with the Company’s strategic performance metrics No dividend/dividend equivalents paid on unvested equity awards Short-term and long-term performance metrics that balance our absolute performance and our relative performance versus peer companies No “single trigger” change of control benefits Rigorous, no-fault clawback policy that is triggered even in the absence of wrongdoing No active defined benefit pension program since 2003 Minimum one-year vesting requirement for 95% of shares granted under the Company’s stock plan No hedging of Danaher securities permitted Stock ownership requirements for all executive officers No long-term incentive compensation is denominated or paid in cash (other than PSU dividend accruals) Limited perquisites and a cap on CEO/CFO personal aircraft usage No above-market returns on deferred compensation plans Independent compensation consultant that performs no other services for the Company No overlapping performance metrics between short-term and long-term incentive compensation programs We are asking our shareholders to indicate their
support for our named executive officer compensation as described in this Proxy Statement. Accordingly, we are asking our shareholders
to vote on an advisory basis “FOR” the following non-binding resolution: “RESOLVED, that the
compensation paid to the Company’s named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion,
is hereby approved.” Although this advisory vote
is non-binding, our Board and Compensation Committee will review the voting results and take them into consideration when making
future decisions regarding our named executive officer compensation programs. THE
    BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE
    RESOLUTION SET FORTH IN PROPOSAL 3 . 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 77 Back to Contents PROPOSAL 4 Shareholder Proposal Requesting that Danaher
Amend its Governing Documents to Reduce Percentage of Shares Required for Shareholders to Call Special Meeting of Shareholders
from 25% to 10% A Danaher shareholder has notified us that he
intends to present the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. The Company is not responsible for any inaccuracies
it may contain. The name, address and number of shares held by such shareholder are available upon request to Danaher’s Secretary. Proposal 4 – Special Shareholder Meeting
Improvement Shareholders ask our board to take the steps necessary
to amend the appropriate company governing documents to give the owners of a combined 10% of our outstanding common stock the power
to call a special shareholder meeting. The Board of Directors would continue to have its existing power to call a special meeting. This proposals topic won 44%-support at an earlier
Danaher annual meeting which could represent a majority vote from the shares that had access to independent proxy voting advice. Since this 44%-vote there has been a dramatic
development that makes shareholder meetings so much easier for management with a substantial cost reduction. Special shareholder
meeting can now be online shareholder meetings which make it easier for management. Management entrenchment is so well defended at
online shareholder meetings that shareholders should have a corresponding greater flexibility in calling for a special shareholder
meeting. At an online shareholder meeting almost everything
is optional. For instance a management narrative on the state of the company is optional. Also management answers to shareholder
questions are optional even if management asks for questions. Thus management hardly needs to prepare for an
online shareholder meeting. It is astounding what management can get away with at an online shareholder meeting. Thus shareholders
should rightfully have more flexibility in requesting a special shareholder meeting. The core purpose of such a meeting can simply
be the announcement of the vote. For instance the Goodyear online shareholder meeting
was spoiled by a trigger-happy management mute button for shareholders that was used to quash constructive criticism. AT&T
would not even allow shareholders to speak at its online shareholder meeting. Please see: Goodyear’s virtual meeting
creates issues with shareholder https://www.crainscleveland.com/manufacturing/goodyears-virtual-meeting-creates-issues-shareholder Please see: AT&T investors denied a dial-in
as annual meeting goes online https://whbl.com/2020/04/17/att-investors-denied-a-dial-in-as-annual-meeting-goes-online/1007928/ Shareholders thus need greater flexibility in calling for a special shareholder meeting. Please vote yes: Special Shareholder Meeting
Improvement – Proposal 4 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 78 Back to Contents Company’s Statement in Opposition The Board recommends that you vote against this
shareholder proposal for the following reasons: • Currently, shareholders of 25% of our outstanding Common Stock have the right to call a special meeting, pursuant to a Company proposal previously approved by our shareholders. Our Board continues to believe that this threshold ensures a reasonable number of shareholders consider a matter important enough to merit a special meeting. • We note that as of March 1, 2021, only one of Danaher’s fifteen peer companies has a special meeting threshold at or lower than the level sought by the proponent, and forty percent of our peer companies have no provision for shareholders to call a special meeting. Notwithstanding the proponent’s claims,
preparing for and holding a special meeting (even in a virtual format) would be time-consuming and expensive. If adopted, this
proposal would have the effect of allowing a relatively small percentage of shareholders with potentially narrow interests to call
special meetings to consider matters that may not be in the best interests of all of our shareholders. Even if they are ultimately
not able to obtain support from a majority of shares, those who might seek to call a special shareholders’ meeting could
subject us to considerable expense, distract management and the Board from important business initiatives, or seek self-interested
concessions in exchange for avoiding a special meeting. We believe the 25% threshold strikes an appropriate
balance between avoiding waste of Danaher and shareholder resources on addressing narrow or special interests, while at the same
time ensuring that shareholders holding a significant minority of our outstanding shares have a meaningful mechanism to call a
special meeting if they deem it appropriate. The Board also believes that Danaher’s current
robust governance practices provide shareholders with numerous avenues to voice their opinions and ensure Board accountability.
We maintain open and regular communications with shareholders and financial analysts, and our shareholders can and do effectively
use our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to communicate their views to management, the Board, and other shareholders. In the best interests of our shareholders and
Company, we recommend that you vote against this shareholder proposal. THE
    BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL 4. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 79 Back to Contents GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING Purpose of the Meeting This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection
with the solicitation by the Board of Directors of Danaher Corporation, a Delaware corporation, of proxies for use at the 2021
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and at any and all postponements or adjournments thereof. Who Can Vote You are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting
if you owned any shares of Danaher Common Stock at the close of business on March 8, 2021, which is referred to as the “record
date.” A list of registered shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting will be available at Danaher’s offices, 2200
Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037-1701 during the ten days prior to the meeting. A list of shareholders
of record will also be available during the meeting for inspection by shareholders of record for any legally valid purpose related
to the annual meeting at the meeting center site at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2021. Proxy Materials Are Available on the Internet We are furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders
primarily via the Internet, instead of mailing printed copies of those materials to each shareholder. By doing so, we save costs
and reduce the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. On or about March 25, 2021, we mailed a Notice of Internet Availability
to certain of our shareholders. The Notice contains instructions about how to access our proxy materials and vote online. If you
would like to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability.
If you previously chose to receive our proxy materials electronically, you will continue to receive access to these materials via
email unless you elect otherwise. Instructions for the Virtual Annual Meeting As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2021
Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting. There will be no physical meeting location. The meeting will be conducted
via live webcast. Shareholders will have the same rights and opportunities to participate in our virtual annual meeting as they
would at an in-person meeting. You are entitled to participate in the virtual
meeting if you were a shareholder of record as of the close of business on March 8, 2021 or if you hold a valid proxy for the Annual
Meeting. If you are not a shareholder or do not have a control number, you may still access the meeting as a guest, but you will
not be able to submit questions or vote during the meeting. To attend the virtual meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DHR2021
and enter the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or voting
instruction form. The meeting will start at 3:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 5, 2021. We encourage you to access the meeting prior
to the start time to familiarize yourself with the virtual platform and ensure you can hear the streaming audio. Online access
will be available starting at 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 5, 2021. While we strongly encourage you to vote your
shares prior to the meeting, shareholders may also vote during the meeting. Once logged in, you will be able to vote your
shares by clicking the “Vote Here!” button. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 80 Back to Contents Shareholders may submit written questions once
logged into the virtual platform. Questions pertinent to meeting matters will be answered during the question and answer portion
of meeting, subject to a time limit prescribed by the Meeting Rules and Procedures that will be posted to the virtual meeting platform
on the day of the meeting. The Meeting Rules and Procedures will also provide additional information about the relevancy of questions
to meeting matters. During the meeting, the proponent of the shareholder
proposal included in this Proxy Statement will have a dedicated call-in line that will allow the proponent to present their proposal. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the
virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, you should call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual
shareholder meeting login page. Quorum for the Meeting Under the Company’s Bylaws, we can conduct
business at the Annual Meeting only if the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Danaher Common Stock entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting as of the record date are present either in person or by proxy. The presence of at least that number
of shares constitutes a “quorum.” Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present in determining whether
the quorum requirement is satisfied. As of the record date, 713,067,483 shares of Danaher Common Stock were outstanding, excluding
shares held by or for the account of Danaher. How to Vote Voting at the Annual Meeting If you attend the Annual Meeting as a shareholder
of record or as the holder of a valid proxy for the Annual Meeting, you may cast your vote at the meeting by following the instructions
described above under “-- Instructions for the Virtual Annual Meeting.”. Persons attending the Annual Meeting as guests
will not be able to vote at the meeting. Voting by proxy If you own shares directly in your
name… If your shares are registered
directly in your name with our transfer agent, you are considered the registered holder of those shares. As the registered shareholder, you may vote in several different ways: • Vote on the Internet . You can vote online at: www.proxyvote.com. • Vote by Telephone . In the United States or Canada, you can vote by telephone by calling the number included in the printed proxy materials, if you received printed proxy materials. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to vote your shares and confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. Internet and telephone voting facilities will be available 24 hours a day until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 4, 2021 (except for participants in the Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries Savings Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) or the Danaher Corporation & Subsidiaries Retirement and Savings Plan (collectively with the 401(k) Plan, the “Savings Plans”), who must submit voting instructions earlier, as described below). To authenticate your Internet or telephone vote, you will need to enter your confidential voter control number as shown on the voting materials you received. If you vote online or by telephone, you do not need to return a proxy card. • Vote by Mail . You can mail the proxy card enclosed with your printed proxy materials, if you received printed proxy materials. Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided, or in an envelope addressed to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Please allow sufficient time for delivery of your proxy card if you decide to vote by mail. If you hold shares in either of the Danaher
Savings Plans… You can direct Fidelity Management Trust Company
(“Fidelity”), the trustee of the Savings Plans, to vote your proportionate interest in the shares of Common Stock held
under the Savings Plan by returning a voting instruction form or by providing voting instructions via the Internet or by telephone.
Fidelity will vote your Savings Plan shares as of the record date in the manner directed by you. Because Fidelity is designated
to vote on your behalf, you will not be able to vote your shares held in the Savings Plan in person at the meeting. If Fidelity
does not receive voting instructions from you by 11:59 p.m. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 81 Back to Contents Eastern time on May 2, 2021, Fidelity will not
vote your Savings Plan shares on any of the proposals brought at the Annual Meeting. If you own your shares through an account with
a bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary, sometimes referred to as owning in “street name” … Your intermediary will provide instructions on
how to access proxy materials electronically, or send you printed copies of the proxy materials if you so elect. You are entitled
to direct the intermediary how to vote your shares by following the voting instructions it provides to you. Revoking a Proxy or Voting Instructions If you hold shares of Common Stock registered
in your name, you may revoke your proxy: • by filing with the Secretary of Danaher a written notice of revocation; • if you submitted your proxy by telephone or via the Internet, by accessing those voting methods and following the instructions given for revoking a proxy; • if you submitted a signed proxy card, by submitting a new proxy card with a later date (which will override your earlier proxy card); or • by voting at the Annual Meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,”
you must follow the directions provided by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary for revoking or modifying your voting
instructions. Voting Procedures Each outstanding share of Danaher Common Stock
entitles the holder to one vote on each directorship and other matter brought before the Annual Meeting. Your shares will be voted
in accordance with your instructions. The Board has selected Steven M. Rales, Mitchell P. Rales, Brian W. Ellis and James F. O’Reilly
to act as proxies with full power of substitution. All votes will be counted by the inspector of election appointed for the meeting. In addition, if you have returned a signed proxy
card or submitted voting instructions by telephone or online, the proxy holders will have, and intend to exercise, discretion to
vote your shares (other than shares held in the Savings Plans) in accordance with their best judgment on any matters not identified
in this Proxy Statement that are properly brought to a vote at the Annual Meeting. At present we do not know of any such additional
matters. If your shares are registered in your name and
you sign and return a proxy card or vote by telephone or online but do not give voting instructions on a particular matter, the
proxy holders will be authorized to vote your shares on that matter in accordance with the Board’s recommendation. If you
hold your shares through an account with a bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary and do not give voting instructions on a
matter, we expect that under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange the bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary will be permitted
to vote in its discretion only on Proposal 2 and will not be permitted to vote on any of the other Proposals, resulting in a so-called
“broker non-vote.” The impact of abstentions and broker non-votes on the overall vote is shown in the following table.
Broker non-votes will not affect the attainment of a quorum since the bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary has discretion
to vote on Proposal 2 and these votes will be counted toward establishing a quorum. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 82 Back to Contents Votes required and effect of abstentions and broker
non-votes Matter Required Vote Impact of Abstentions Impact of Broker Non-Votes PROPOSAL 1 – Election of directors (page 13) Votes cast FOR a nominee must exceed number of votes cast AGAINST that nominee. Not counted as votes cast; no impact on outcome. Not counted as votes cast; no impact on outcome. PROPOSAL 2 – Ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm (page 34) Approval by a majority of shares of Danaher Common Stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal. Counted for purposes of determining minimum number of affirmative votes required for approval; impact is the same as a vote AGAINST. Not applicable. PROPOSAL
3 – Advisory vote to approve
named executive officer compensation (page 76) Approval by a majority of shares of Danaher Common Stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal. Counted for purposes of determining minimum number of affirmative votes required for approval; impact is the same as a vote AGAINST. Not counted as shares of Danaher Common stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal; no impact on outcome. PROPOSAL 4 – Shareholder proposal (page 78) Approval by a majority of shares of Danaher Common Stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal. Counted for purposes of determining minimum number of affirmative votes required for approval; impact is the same as a vote AGAINST. Not counted as shares of Danaher Common stock represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal; no impact on outcome. Information About Proxy Solicitation The proxies being solicited hereby are being solicited
by Danaher’s Board. Employees of Danaher may solicit proxies on behalf of the Board of Directors by mail, email, in person
and by telephone. These employees will not receive any additional compensation for these activities. Danaher will bear the cost
of soliciting proxies and will reimburse banks, brokers, trustees and other intermediaries for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
for forwarding proxy materials to shareholders. We have retained Broadridge Financial Services, Inc. to aid in distributing proxy
materials and the solicitation of proxies. For these services, we expect to pay Broadridge a fee of less than $15,000 and reimburse
it for certain out-of-pocket disbursements and expenses. Eliminating Duplicate Mailings Danaher has adopted the “householding”
procedure approved by the SEC, which allows us to deliver one set of documents to a household of shareholders instead of delivering
a set to each shareholder in a household, unless we have been instructed otherwise. This procedure is more environmentally friendly
and cost-effective because it reduces the number of copies to be printed and mailed. Shareholders who receive proxy materials in
paper form will continue to receive separate proxy cards/voting instruction forms to vote their shares. Shareholders who receive
the Notice of Internet Availability will receive instructions on submitting their proxy cards/voting instruction form via the Internet. If you would like to change your householding
election, request that a single copy of the proxy materials be sent to your address, or request a separate copy of the proxy materials,
please contact our transfer agent at 800-568-3476. We will promptly deliver the proxy materials to you upon receipt of your request.
If you own your shares in “street name,” please contact your broker, bank, trustee or other intermediary to make your
request. If you receive more than one proxy card/voting
instruction form, your shares probably are registered in more than one account or you may hold shares both as a registered shareholder
and through one of the Savings Plans. You should vote each proxy card/voting instruction form you receive. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 83 Back to Contents OTHER INFORMATION Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements included in this Proxy Statement
are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws. All statements other
than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding strategic
plans and plans for growth, innovation and future operations; financial or operating targets or projections; future capital allocation,
acquisitions and the integration thereof; plans and strategies relating to corporate governance, executive compensation, director
compensation and sustainability; the goals, objectives and anticipated benefits of our executive compensation and director compensation
programs (including Company and individual performance goals and targets); the tax impact of executive or equity compensation;
political contributions; the effect of an event of termination or change-of-control; Board oversight of strategy and risk; risk
mitigation efforts; the anticipated roles and responsibilities of the Board’s committees; plans with respect to shareholder
engagement and alignment, Board recruitment, selection and refreshment; the anticipated benefits to the Company of particular director
skills and attributes; anticipated commercial activity; anticipated benefits of certain related person transactions; general economic
and capital markets conditions; the timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other
statements that address events or developments that Danaher intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Terminology such
as “believe,” “anticipate,” “should,” “could,” “intend,” “will,”
“plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “target,” “may,”
“possible,” “potential,” “forecast” and “positioned” and similar references to
future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied
by such words. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience
and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and
uncertainties set forth under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2020. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially
from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not
place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included in this Proxy Statement speak
only as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. Website Disclosure We may provide disclosure in the “Investor
– Corporate Governance” section of our corporate website, http://www.danaher.com, of any of the following: (1) the
identity of the presiding director at meetings of non-management or independent directors, or the method of selecting the presiding
director if such director changes from meeting to meeting; (2) the method for interested parties to communicate directly with the
Board or with individual directors, the Lead Independent Director or the non-management or independent directors as a group; (3)
the identity of any member of Danaher’s Audit Committee who also serves on the audit committees of more than three public
companies and a determination by the Board that such simultaneous service will not impair the ability of such member to effectively
serve on Danaher’s Audit Committee; and (4) contributions by Danaher to a tax exempt organization in which any non-management
or independent director serves as an executive officer if, within the preceding three years, contributions in any single fiscal
year exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2% of such tax exempt organization’s consolidated gross revenues. We also intend
to disclose any amendment to the Code of Conduct that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item
406(b) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act, and any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct granted to any
of our directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or any other executive
officer, in the “Investor – Corporate Governance” section of our corporate website, http://www.danaher.com, within
four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. Information contained on or connected
to any of the websites referenced in this Proxy Statement is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and should
not be considered a part of this Proxy Statement or any other filing that we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 84 Back to Contents Communications with the Board of Directors Shareholders and other parties interested in communicating
directly with the Board or with individual directors, the Lead Independent Director or the non-management or independent directors
as a group may do so by addressing communications to the Board of Directors, to the specified individual director or to the non-management
or independent directors, as applicable, c/o Corporate Secretary, Danaher Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W,
Washington, D.C. 20037-1701. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires
our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater-than-10% shareholders are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all reports they file pursuant to Section 16(a). Based solely on a review of the copies of such
reports furnished to us, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no other reports were required for those
persons, we believe that, during the year ended December 31, 2020, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers,
directors and greater-than-10% shareholders were satisfied, except that Mitchell Rales failed to file on a timely basis one Form
4 (pertaining to a Company contribution of 35 shares of Common Stock to his ECP account). Such transaction was subsequently reported
on Form 4. Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2020 Danaher will provide, without charge, a copy of
the Danaher Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2020 filed with the SEC to any shareholder upon request directed to: Investor Relations,
Danaher Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037-1701 or by email to: investor.relations@danaher.com. Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for 2022
Annual Meeting A shareholder who wishes to include a proposal
in Danaher’s proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of shareholders pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange
Act must submit the proposal in writing to Danaher’s Corporate Secretary at Danaher’s principal executive offices,
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037-1701, for receipt no later than November 25, 2021 in order to
be considered for inclusion. In order to be properly brought before the 2022
Annual Meeting, a shareholder’s notice of nomination of one or more director candidates to be included in the Company’s
proxy statement pursuant to Article II, Section 11 of our Bylaws (a “proxy access nomination”) must be received by
Danaher’s Corporate Secretary at the above address no earlier than October 26, 2021 and no later than November 25, 2021.
If the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or after the anniversary of the previous year’s annual
meeting, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so received not later than the later of the 120 th day prior
to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first
made. Shareholders intending to present a proposal at
the 2022 Annual Meeting without having it included in the Company’s proxy statement, or making a nomination of one or more
director candidates without having such candidates included in the Company’s proxy statement, must comply with the advance
notice requirements set forth in the Company’s Bylaws. If a shareholder fails to provide timely notice of a proposal to be
presented at the 2022 Annual Meeting, the proxies provided to Danaher’s Board will have discretionary authority to vote on
any such proposal which may properly come before the meeting. In order to comply with the advance notice requirements set forth
in the Company’s Bylaws, appropriate notice would need to be provided to Danaher’s Secretary at the address noted above
no earlier than December 25, 2021 and no later than January 24, 2022. If the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days
before or after the anniversary of the previous year’s annual meeting, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so
received not later than the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following
the day on which notice of the date of such annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was
made, whichever mailing or disclosure first occurs. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS JAMES F. O’REILLY Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary Dated: March 25, 2021 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 85 Back to Contents APPENDIX A RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL
MEASURES As described in more detail in the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis section of the Company’s 2021 Proxy Statement, the 2020 annual cash incentive awards paid to the
Company’s named executive officers were based in part on the Company’s 2020 performance with respect to three metrics,
Adjusted EPS, Free Cash Flow Ratio and Core Revenue Growth. Each of these metrics is a non-GAAP financial measure. Set forth below
are reconciliations of each of these metrics to the comparable GAAP financial measure, based on the Company’s actual 2020
performance. / RECONCILIATION OF 2020
ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (ADJUSTED EPS) ($
    in millions, except per-share amounts) Net Income Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share 2020 Net Income or Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share from Continuing Operations, as applicable (GAAP) $ 3,646 $ 4.89 Acquisition-related items (primarily related to the Cytiva Acquisition), including related after-tax operating profit, increased interest charges, transaction costs, fair-value adjustments for acquired inventory and deferred revenue and acquisition-related gains (losses) (435 ) (0.59 ) Gain on sale of product lines required for regulatory approval of Cytiva Acquisition (305 ) (0.40 ) Discrete income tax charges (85 ) (0.12 ) Amortization charges 915 1.24 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 20 0.03 Other investment gains, net of impairment charges 4 – Impact of MCPS securities on an “as converted” basis – 0.06 2020 Adjusted Net Income or Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Common Share, as applicable (non-GAAP) $ 3,760 $ 5.11 / RECONCILIATION OF 2020
ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW-TO-ADJUSTED NET INCOME RATIO (FREE CASH FLOW RATIO) ($
    in millions) Operating cash flow from continuing operations (GAAP) $ 6,215 Purchases of property, plant and equipment (791 ) Sales of property, plant and equipment 2 Cash flow impact of Adjustment Items (790 ) Adjusted Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) $ 4,636 Adjusted Net Income (non-GAAP) $ 3,760 Adjusted Free Cash Flow to Adjusted Net Income Ratio (non-GAAP) 123 % / RECONCILIATION OF 2020
CORE REVENUE GROWTH 2020 vs. 2019 Total sales growth (GAAP) 24.5% Less the impact of: Acquisitions and other (18.0)% Currency exchange rates 0.0% Core revenue growth (non-GAAP) 6.5% 2021 PROXY
STATEMENT 86 Back to Contents Back to Contents Back to Contents