DEF 14A 1 a18-2989_1def14a.htm DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only   (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ý Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 VENTAS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than   the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ý No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act   Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: 2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed   pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the   filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): 4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by   Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the   offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by   registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of   its filing. 1) Amount Previously Paid: 2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: 3) Filing Party: 4) Date Filed: Table of Contents Table of Contents 353 North Clark Street Suite 3300 Chicago, Illinois 60654 (877) 483-6827 April 2, 2018 Dear Ventas Stockholder: Please join me and the Board of Directors at our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be held on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at our headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. The business we will conduct at the meeting is described in the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. ü We worked hard in 2017 to continue our commitment to stakeholders and once again delivered superior performance through increasing normalized funds from operations to $4.16 per share, dividend per share growth of 5%, record $3.6 billion revenue and $2.1 billion net operating income, net cash provided by operating activities grew by 5%, up to a record level, value-creating investments, especially significant expansion of our university-based life sciences and innovation business, accelerated dispositions of greater than $900 million in assets at premium pricing, materially enhanced liquidity, capital markets excellence, collaboration with our operators to build or recapitalize their businesses and reinforcement of the strength and character of our team. Our long-term compound annual total stockholder return of 24% since January 1, 2000 is exceptional. ü The Ventas Advantage – superior properties, platforms and people – continues to drive our outperformance and secure our position as the premier capital provider to best-in-class operators and developers. We welcome the opportunity to present you with the information contained in this Proxy Statement and we hope that, after you review it, you will vote at the meeting (either in person or by proxy) in accordance with our Board of Directors’ recommendations. Your vote is important to us and our business. If you are voting by proxy, please submit your proxy as soon as possible to ensure your vote is recorded at the Annual Meeting. You may vote by telephone, over the Internet or – if you have requested paper copies of our proxy materials by mail – by signing, dating and returning the proxy card in the envelope provided. Our Board of Directors greatly appreciates your investment and continued support. Sincerely, Debra A. Cafaro Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Tuesday, May 15, 2018 8:00 a.m., Local (Central) Time James C. Tyree Auditorium, 353 North Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois 60654 We are pleased to invite you to join our Board of Directors and senior management for Ventas, Inc.’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Annual Meeting will be held at 8:00 a.m. local (Central) time on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, in the James C. Tyree Auditorium, located at 353 North Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois 60654. The purposes of the meeting are: 1. to elect the nine director nominees named in the Proxy Statement   to serve until the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; 2. to ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent   registered public accounting firm for the 2018 fiscal year; 3. to hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;   and 4. to transact such other business as may properly come before the   meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. The Proxy Statement following this Notice describes these matters in detail. We have not received notice of any other proposals to be presented at the Annual Meeting. Our Board of Directors established March 16, 2018 as the record date for the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, holders of record of shares of our common stock as of the close of business on that date are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponements or adjournments of the meeting. We will make available to our stockholders, for ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, a list of stockholders entitled to vote. That list will be available for inspection during normal business hours at our principal executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654, and it will also be available at the Annual Meeting. Please vote your shares promptly by telephone, over the Internet or – if you have requested paper copies of our proxy materials by mail – by signing, dating and returning the proxy card in the envelope provided. Voting your shares prior to the Annual Meeting will not prevent you from changing your vote in person if you choose to attend the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, T. Richard Riney Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Ethics and Compliance Officer April 2, 2018 Chicago, Illinois Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROXY SUMMARY 1 2017   Performance 1 2017   Executive Compensation 5 2018   Annual Meeting of Stockholders 9 Proposals   Requiring Your Vote 10 Electronic   Document Delivery to Stockholders 11 Questions   and Answers 11 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 12 Quorum 12 Who   Can Vote 12 How   to Vote 12 OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 13 Criteria   for Board Membership 13 Annual   Board Evaluation Process 14 Director   Independence 14 Leadership   Structure and Independent Presiding Director 15 Management   Succession Planning 15 Committees 16 Board   and Committee Meetings 16 How   to Communicate with Directors 16 AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE 17 EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 17 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 17 Compensation   Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 18 Independent   Compensation Consultant 18 INVESTMENT COMMITTEE 19 NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE 19 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 19 Governance   Policies 19 Transactions   with Related Persons 19 Risk   Management 20 Public   Policy Matters 21 OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 22 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 24 Compensation   Committee Report 24 Compensation   Discussion and Analysis 24 Executive   Summary 24 2017 Responsive   Redesign of our Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 30 Objectives   of Our Compensation Program 31 Benchmarking   and Comparable Companies 32 Compensation   Mix 33 Elements   of Our Compensation Program 34 2017   Forward-Looking Awards: Responsive Redesign of Long-Term Incentive   Compensation 42 Other   Benefits and Perquisites 48 Severance   Benefits 49 Tax   Considerations 49 Voluntary   Adoption of Proxy Access 49 Minimum   Share Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers 49 Recoupment   Policy 50 Anti-Hedging   and Pledging Policy 50 Compensation   Tables 51 Table of Contents Page 2017   Summary Compensation Table 51 2017   Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 53 2017   Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 55 2017   Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table 57 Employment   and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers 57 Potential   Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 62 CEO PAY RATIO 65 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 65 Cash   Compensation 65 Equity-Based   Compensation 66 Review   of Non-Employee Director Compensation 67 Minimum   Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors 67 2017   Non-Employee Director Compensation Table 68 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 69 SECURITIES OWNERSHIP 70 Directors,   Director-Nominees and Executive Officers 70 Principal   Stockholders 71 Section 16(a) Beneficial   Ownership Reporting Compliance 72 PROPOSALS REQUIRING YOUR VOTE 72 Proposal   1: Election of Directors 72 Proposal   2: Ratification of the Selection of KPMG as Our Independent Registered Public   Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2018 78 Proposal   3: Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation 80 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS; OTHER INFORMATION 84 Questions   and Answers 84 Other   Information 85 REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS,   DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS 85 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 86 ANNEX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION A-1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY We prepared   the following summary to highlight important information you will find in   this Proxy Statement regarding our 2017 performance and the matters to be   considered at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As it is only a   summary, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2017 (which we refer to as our “2017 Form 10-K”) and   the other information contained in this Proxy Statement before you vote. This   Proxy Statement and the materials accompanying it are first being sent to   stockholders on or about April 2, 2018. 2017   Performance* Financial and Operating Performance Highlights In 2017, Ventas achieved record   $3.6 billion revenue and $2.1 billion net operating income* (“NOI”) and   same-store cash NOI growth of 2.5%, at the high end of our initial guidance,   through proactive asset management, collaborative and mutually beneficial   arrangements with our leading operators and profitable dispositions of   lower-growth properties. Net cash provided by operating activities grew by   5%, up to a record level. We further strengthened our   financial condition by expanding our liquidity by $1.4 billion, at improved   pricing, and maintained our robust fixed charge coverage ratio. We maintained   a strong balance sheet with a 5.7x net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA*   ratio and maintained our BBB+ credit rating. Demonstrating our excellence in   capital markets, we completed $4.5 billion in efficient long-term capital   raises, including issuance of more than $1 billion in long-term debt at   attractive rates, an upsized and extended revolving credit facility with $3   billion in borrowing capacity at improved pricing and a $400 million   revolving construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening   development pipeline. We made and committed to   investments of $1.8 billion to further improve the quality of our portfolio,   creating, building out and diversifying valuable platforms, including: the continued growth in our   university-based life sciences and innovation business with significant   developments and acquisitions (grown by 37% since inception with a strong   pipeline of opportunities), funding Ardent Health Services’ successful   acquisition of LHP Hospital Group, and committing to selective senior housing   operating portfolio (“SHOP”) and medical office building (“MOB”) development   and redevelopment deals. We accelerated our strategic   and highly profitable disposition program, closing greater than $900 million   in profitable dispositions and receipt of timely loan repayments, including   substantially exiting the skilled nursing business. We recognized over $700   million in gains. Although below our historical   average, our 0.7% total stockholder return (“TSR”) in 2017 outperformed the   three large-cap diversified healthcare REITs in 2017 and our TSR ranked first   in this group for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods ended   December 31, 2017 (and since 2000), demonstrating short- and long-term   outperformance during varied economic cycles. We were also the only large-cap   diversified healthcare real estate investment trust (“REIT”) to achieve   year-over-year normalized funds from operations (“FFO”) per share* growth in   2017, finishing at $4.16 FFO per share. We grew our dividend by 5% in   2017. * Net debt   to adjusted pro forma EBITDA and normalized FFO are not calculated according   to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), but please see   Annex A for reconciliations of these performance measures to our GAAP   earnings (the most directly comparable GAAP measure). In addition, please see   Annex A for a discussion of how we calculate same-store cash NOI. 2018   Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Portfolio   Highlights Our well-curated property   portfolio is the most diversified portfolio mix in the industry. With more   than 1200 assets, we continued to reshape, develop and elevate our portfolio   throughout the year. We invested $860 million in active development and   redevelopment projects, with an additional $113 million invested in completed   projects. In 2017, this enhanced portfolio generated record $3.6 billion   revenue and $2.1 billion NOI and achieved same-store cash NOI growth of 2.5%,   at the high end of our initial guidance. In addition, net cash provided by   operating activities grew by 5%, up to a record level. This was achieved   through proactive asset management, including value-creating investments,   profitable disposal of skilled nursing, lower-growth properties and other   assets. In addition, we successfully negotiated collaborative and mutually   beneficial arrangements with our leading operators, such as the successful   recapitalization of Atria Senior Living. 2018   Proxy Statement 2 Table of Contents Balance   Sheet and Liquidity Highlights In 2017, we demonstrated   excellence in capital markets, further strengthening our balance sheet and   enhancing our liquidity, key long-term objectives that protect stockholder   value and enable opportunistic value-creating activity: ü completing $4.5 billion   in efficient long-term capital raises; ü issuance of more than $1   billion in long-term debt at attractive rates; ü Upsizing   by 50% and extending our revolving credit facility, with $3 billion in   borrowing capacity at improved pricing and adding a $400 million revolving   construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening development   pipeline; and ü ending   the year with outstanding financial strength and flexibility, underpinning   the reaffirmation of our BBB+ credit ratings and demonstrated by our 5.7x net   debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA ratio and 4.6x fixed charge coverage. Investment   Highlights We made and committed to   investments of $1.8 billion of attractive, value-creating investments,   further diversifying and improving the quality of our portfolio. We grew our university-based life sciences and   innovation business with significant developments and acquisitions (grown by   37% since inception with a strong pipeline of opportunities), funded   Ardent Health Services’ successful acquisition of LHP Hospital Group, and   committed to selective SHOP and MOB development and redevelopment deals. We closed greater than $900   million in profitable dispositions and receipt of timely loan repayments in   2017. We substantially exited the skilled nursing business, disposing of more   than $700 million in skilled nursing assets. Our gains for the year exceeded   $700 million. 2018   Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Environmental,   Social and Governance Highlights While continuing to deliver significant   value to stockholders, we were recognized for our leadership, diversity and   environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices. Outperforming   industry peers, Ventas was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North   America Index for the first time, achieving top quartile performance among   real estate companies in North America. Ranking first among public healthcare   REITs for sustainability practices, we retained our GRESB Green Star   designation for the fourth year, and received the National Association of   Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) Health Care “Leader in the Light”   Award for the second time. We were also recognized as a “Winning Company” in   the 2020 Women on Boards Gender Diversity Index which showcases Fortune 1000   Companies with 20 percent or greater female composition of their Boards and a   “Corporate Champion” by the Women’s Forum of New York for having an   industry-leading 30% female Board of Directors. Across our portfolio, we are   undertaking wide-scale, long-term environmental programs, local   sustainability initiatives and pilots that meet our objectives of protecting   the planet while improving the efficiency of our portfolio and lowering   operating costs. Our focus takes a systematic approach to reducing the   energy, water and landfill waste footprint of our diverse, high-quality   property portfolio. We are on track to meet our 10-year targets to reduce our   environmental impact from a 2013 baseline, which includes 10% reductions in   energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions, 5% reduction in water usage and 4%   reduction in landfill waste. We own an industry-leading portfolio of 69   ENERGY STAR® Certified buildings and 37 LEED® Certified buildings, which   includes over $500 million of investment in 8 active developments pursuing LEED   certification. As a   good corporate citizen and industry leader, Ventas has a responsibility to   actively engage in improving the lives of others in the communities in which   we live and work. The Ventas Charitable Foundation contributed almost $1   million to 80 organizations in 2017, including our ongoing 5-year, $1 million   marquee partnership with the Greater Chicago Food Depository to alleviate   senior hunger. We encourage all our employees to give back to their   communities, and many members of our team are deeply involved in a wide   variety of organizations at both the local and national level. To applaud   this dedication and passion, a portion of the annual donations made by our   Ventas Charitable Foundation are channeled into an Employee Charitable Fund. This   fund provides grants to organizations that are directly nominated by our   employees, with preference given to those organizations where employees are   actively engaged. More than 90 percent of requests have been met and in   excess of $500,000 given to these worthy causes since the fund was   established. In addition, we contributed $135,000 to our operating partners’   funds to assist individuals and families affected and displaced by hurricanes   in 2017. Our comprehensive commitment to   ESG principles and corporate citizenship starts with our people. Ventas creates a   culture that attracts and retains the industry’s best employees to work in a   cohesive and collaborative team environment that shares a passion for   innovation, creative problem-solving, flawless execution and, above all,   excellence. We also intentionally develop and recruit a diverse workforce and   Board. Our employee mix by gender is balanced at 48% female to 52% male and   our Board is gender diverse with 30% women. Our employees share a commitment   to maintaining the highest levels of ethics, integrity and transparency and   are dedicated to the pursuit of sustainable business practices and the   importance of corporate citizenship. We earn exceptional employee engagement scores by focusing on   employee development initiatives, employee networks, commitment to ESG and   philanthropy efforts and provision of industry-leading health and wellness   benefits to employees and their families, as well as career development and   educational opportunities. For 2017, our employees received an   average of 16 hours of training, which reflects our commitment to our   employees. 2018   Proxy Statement 4 Table of Contents We were named among Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies”   and received numerous prestigious awards in 2017 and early 2018 in   recognition of our philanthropy, reputation, commitment to superior   governance and results, industry leaders, exemplary stewardship and world   class team. 2017 Executive   Compensation Our executive compensation programs are designed to attract,   retain and motivate talented executives, to reward executives for the   achievement of pre-established company and tailored individual goals   consistent with our strategic plan and to link compensation to company   performance. We compensate our executives primarily through base salary,   annual cash incentive compensation and long-term equity incentive   compensation. Our executive compensation philosophy emphasizes   performance-based incentive compensation over fixed cash compensation, so   that the vast majority of total direct compensation is variable and not   guaranteed. In addition, as shown in the graphic below, we deliver the   majority of our executive pay in the form of equity incentive compensation   rather than cash to create stronger alignment with our stockholders. We   believe this structure appropriately focuses our executive officers on the   creation of long-term value and encourages prudent evaluation of risks. 2017   Executive Compensation Decisions In 2017, our compensation decisions once again reflected strong   alignment between pay and performance. In determining the incentive   compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers for 2017, our Executive   Compensation Committee (the “Compensation Committee”) of our Board of   Directors (the “Board”), who is responsible for evaluating and setting the   compensation of our Named Executive Officers other than the Chief Executive   Officer, and the independent members of our Board, who are responsible for   evaluating and setting the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer   pursuant to the Company’s Guidelines on Governance (the Compensation   Committee and the independent members of our Board are collectively referred   to as the “Compensation Board Members” herein), rigorously evaluated company   and individual performance relative to the pre-established measures and goals   under our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans. 2018   Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Although below our historical average, our 0.7% TSR in 2017   outperformed the three large-cap diversified healthcare REITs in 2017 and our   TSR ranked first in this group for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year   periods ended December 31, 2017 (and since 2000), demonstrating short-   and long-term outperformance during varied economic cycles. In addition, we   were the only large-cap diversified healthcare REIT to achieve year-over-year   normalized FFO per share growth in 2017, finishing at $4.16 per share. We   delivered excellent strategic, financial and operating performance, and   increased our dividend by 5% in 2017. The graph below illustrates our long-term pay-for-performance   alignment by comparing our Chief Executive Officer’s total direct   compensation to our TSR performance (indexed to a 2012 base year) for each of   the past five years. “Total Direct Compensation” includes, for the applicable year, base   salary, actual annual cash incentive awards earned, the value of long-term   equity incentive awards earned or granted (as applicable) and “All Other   Compensation” as reported in the Summary Compensation Table. This graph   differs from compensation reported in the 2017 Summary Compensation Table in   the following respects: ü For 2012-2016, the period during which our backward-looking plan   was in effect, the graph aligns the value of long-term equity incentive   awards with the performance year for which they were earned, rather than the   year in which they were granted ( e.g. ,   long-term equity incentive awards granted in January 2017 for 2016   performance are shown in the graph above as 2016 compensation), consistent   with the manner in which our Compensation Board Members evaluated   compensation and pay-for-performance under the previous backward-looking plan   for our Named Executive Officers. ü For 2017, the first year our new forward-looking long-term   equity incentive plan was in effect, we report the grant date fair value   (approximating target level of performance) of the performance-based   restricted stock units (“pRSUs”) granted in 2017 that may be earned, if at   all, based on performance relative to performance goals measured from   January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2019. Actual payout will occur   in 2020 and will range from 0% - 220% of the target value. 2018   Proxy Statement 6 Table of Contents ü The 2017 figure excludes one-time time-based restricted stock   unit (“RSU”) transition awards received by certain of our Named Executive   Officers, which were designed to partially mitigate the impact of a reduction   in the realized pay for our Named Executive Officers in 2018 and 2019   resulting from the transition from a backward-looking long-term equity   incentive plan to a forward-looking plan because the new forward-looking   awards do not pay out, if at all, until 2020. These awards are excluded   because the Compensation Committee does not view these awards as a continuing   feature of the long-term incentive plan. Recurring CEO   compensation is substantially lower than reflected in the 2017 Summary   Compensation Table because SEC rules require us to report all equity   grants made in 2017, including the final 2016 “backward-looking” equity grant   and the non-recurring transition awards. For 2017, target CEO total direct   compensation is $11.3 million on a recurring, normalized basis. 2017   Annual Cash Incentive Awards For 2017, annual cash incentive   awards were based on our performance with respect to pre-established company   financial goals. For our Named Executive Officers (other than   Mr. Lillibridge), the goals were normalized FFO per share (40% of the   target award opportunity), liquidity coverage ratio (15%), fixed charge   coverage ratio at year end (10%), and the achievement of individual   objectives tailored for each Named Executive Officer (35%). For   Mr. Lillibridge, the goals were normalized FFO per share (22% of the   target award opportunity), liquidity coverage ratio (8%), fixed charge   coverage ratio at year end (5%), segment-specific objectives (40%) and the   achievement of individual objectives (25%). As further explained in the   “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section below, our performance in 2017   with respect to these metrics resulted in cash incentive awards earned by our   Named Executive Officers between the target and maximum levels. 2017   Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards As further explained below, in   early 2017, we transitioned from a backward-looking long-term equity   incentive plan to a forward-looking plan. For 2017, long-term equity   incentive awards were split between (i) pRSUs, earned entirely based on   our performance with respect to pre-established quantitative measures,   specifically (a) three-year TSR relative to the MSCI REIT Index,   (b) three-year TSR relative to the FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index   and (c) the three-year average of net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA,   a risk management measure (which together accounted for 60% of the long-term   equity incentive award opportunity), and (ii) time-based RSUs, vesting   in equal one-third increments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant   date (which accounted for the remaining 40% of the long-term equity incentive   award opportunity). 2017   Compensation Practices at a Glance ü DO provide executive officers with the opportunity to earn   market-competitive compensation through a mix of cash and equity   compensation, with a strong emphasis on performance-based incentive awards û DO NOT permit new tax gross-up arrangements under our anti-tax gross-up   policy and do not provide our Chief Executive Officer with tax gross-ups with   respect to payments made in connection with a change of control ü DO have a robust peer selection process and benchmark   executive compensation to target the median of our comparative group of peer   companies û DO NOT provide guaranteed minimum payouts or uncapped award   opportunities ü DO evaluate relative TSR when determining performance under   incentive awards to enhance stockholder alignment û DO NOT have employment agreements with executive officers that provide   single-trigger change of control benefits ü DO require executive officers and directors to own and retain   shares of our common stock with significant value to further align interests   with our stockholders û DO NOT base incentive awards on a single performance measure,   thereby discouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking ü DO enhance executive officer retention with time-based   vesting schedules for RSUs and pRSUs earned based on future three-year   performance û DO NOT permit liberal share recycling under our 2012 Incentive Plan 2018   Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents ü DO enable Board to “claw back” incentive compensation in the   event of a financial restatement pursuant to recoupment policy û DO NOT permit executive officers or directors to engage in derivative   or other hedging transactions in our securities ü DO align pay and performance by linking a substantial portion   of compensation to the achievement of pre-established performance measures   that drive stockholder value û DO NOT provide executive officers with pension or retirement benefits   other than pursuant to a broad-based 401(k) plan and do not provide   executive officers with excessive perquisites or other personal benefits ü DO maintain a Compensation Committee comprised solely of   independent directors û DO NOT permit repricing of underwater stock options or granting of   discounted stock options or SARs ü DO engage an independent compensation consultant to advise   the Compensation Committee on executive compensation matters û DO NOT permit executive officers or directors to pledge or hold our   securities in margin accounts without preapproval by the Audit Committee (no   executive officer or director did so at any time during 2017) 2017   Compensation Actions and Responsive Redesign of Long-Term Incentive   Compensation for 2017-2019 Performance Period We received support   from over 95% of our stockholders with respect to our 2017 advisory vote on   our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. In response to our 2016 advisory   vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation and our Compensation   Committee Chairman’s conversations with a significant number of our largest   investors, we carefully considered constructive feedback on our executive   compensation program and corporate governance provided to us by our largest   stockholders and redesigned our long-term incentive compensation program,   beginning with the 2017-2019 performance period. The key features of our   responsive redesign of our long-term incentive compensation program are set   forth below and are described in further detail in the “Compensation   Discussion and Analysis” section. 2018   Proxy Statement 8 Table of Contents 2018 Annual   Meeting of Stockholders Voting   and Meeting Information You are entitled to vote at the   2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders if you were a stockholder of record at   the close of business on March 16, 2018, the record date for the   meeting. On the record date, there were 356,310,392 shares of common stock   issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting. Information regarding the   meeting date and location is set forth below. When: Tuesday, May 15, 2018, 8:00 a.m. local (Central)   time Where: James C. Tyree Auditorium, 353 North Clark Street,   Chicago, Illinois 60654 You may vote at the Annual   Meeting through any of the following methods: ( Vote by Telephone: Call (800) 690-6903, 24 hours a day, seven   days a week through May 14, 2018 8 Vote on the Internet: Visit www.proxyvote.com , 24 hours a day, seven days a week through   May 14, 2018 , Vote by Mail: Request, complete and return a copy of the proxy   card in the postage-paid envelope provided I Vote in Person: Request, complete and deposit a copy of the proxy   card or complete a ballot at the Annual Meeting 2018   Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Proposals Requiring Your   Vote Proposal   1 — Election of Directors (see page 72) The following table provides summary information about our nine   director-nominees, each of whom currently serves on our Board. Age is as of   the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting. Directors are elected annually by a   majority of votes cast in uncontested elections. Our Board recommends that   you vote FOR each of the named director-nominees. Name Age Director since Primary Position Current Committees** Principal Skills Melody C. Barnes* 54 2014 Co-Founder and Principal of MB Squared Solutions LLC and Chair,   Aspen Institute Forum for Community Solutions N Public Policy, Government Relations, Strategic Planning,   Leadership Development Debra A. Cafaro 60 1999 Chairman and CEO of Ventas E; I Real Estate Industry, Corporate Finance, Mergers and   Acquisitions, Capital Markets, Strategic Planning Jay M. Gellert* 64 2001 Former President and CEO of Health Net, Inc. C ; E; I Healthcare Industry, Mergers and Acquisitions, Strategic   Planning, Government Relations, Executive Compensation Richard I. Gilchrist* 72 2011 Senior Advisor to The Irvine Company and Chairman of TIER   REIT, Inc. C; I ; N Real Estate Industry, Mergers and Acquisitions, Strategic   Planning, Executive Compensation, Corporate Governance Matthew J. Lustig* 57 2011 Head of North America Investment Banking and Head of Real Estate   and Lodging at Lazard Frères & Co. LLC E; I Real Estate Industry, Corporate Finance, Mergers and   Acquisitions, Capital Markets, Strategic Planning, International Transactions Roxanne M. Martino* 61 2016 Managing Partner of OceanM19; former CEO, Partner and Investment   Committee Chairperson of Aurora Investment Management L.L.C. C Corporate Finance, Mergers and Acquisitions, Capital Markets,   Strategic Planning Walter C. Rakowich* 60 2016 Former CEO of Prologis, Inc. A Real Estate Industry, Corporate Finance, Mergers and   Acquisitions, Capital Markets, Strategic Planning Robert D. Reed* 65 2008 Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of   Sutter Health A ; E Healthcare Industry, Corporate Finance, Strategic Planning,   Capital Intensive Operations, Pension Fund Investments James D. Shelton* † 64 2008 Former Chairman of Omnicare, Inc.; former CEO and Chairman   of Triad Hospitals, Inc. C; E ; N Healthcare Industry, Mergers and Acquisitions, Strategic   Planning, Capital Intensive Operations, Government Relations, Executive   Compensation, Corporate Governance * Independent   Director † Presiding   Director ** Abbreviations:   A = Audit and Compliance; C = Executive Compensation; E = Executive; I =   Investment; N = Nominating and Corporate Governance. Bold print   indicates committee chair . Proposal   2 — Ratification of the Selection of KPMG LLP as Our Independent   Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2018 (see page 78) KPMG audited our financial   statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 and has been our   independent registered public accounting firm since July 2014. Our Board   recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our   independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018. 2018   Proxy Statement 10 Table of Contents Proposal   3 — Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation (see   page 80) We submit an advisory vote to   approve our executive compensation to our stockholders on an annual basis.   Because your vote is advisory, it will not be binding on the Board or our   Compensation Committee. However, your vote is important because it will be   taken into account when making future decisions relating to executive compensation. Our executive compensation   programs are designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives, to   reward executives for the achievement of pre-established Company and tailored   individual goals consistent with our strategic plan and to link compensation   to Company performance. We compensate our executives primarily through base   salary, annual cash incentive compensation and long-term equity incentive   compensation. Our executive compensation philosophy emphasizes   performance-based incentive compensation over fixed cash compensation, so   that the vast majority of total direct compensation is variable and not   guaranteed. In addition, we deliver the majority of our executive pay in the   form of equity incentive compensation rather than cash to create stronger   alignment with our stockholders. As summarized above and   described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, we   have also taken a number of actions designed to directly respond to   stockholder feedback regarding our executive compensation corporate   governance programs, including moving to a forward-looking long-term equity   incentive plan in early 2017, incorporating double-trigger change of control   equity vesting, eliminating the discretionary component from our long-term equity   incentive plan, elongating equity vesting periods, increasing the proportion   of long-term equity awards that may be earned based on relative TSR metrics,   voluntarily adopting proxy access for our stockholders and other actions. Our Compensation Board Members   have carefully evaluated our overall executive compensation program and   believe that it is well designed to achieve our objectives of retaining   talented executives and rewarding superior performance in the context of our   business risk environment. By maintaining a performance- and   achievement-oriented environment that provides the opportunity to earn   market-competitive levels of compensation, we believe that our executive   compensation program is structured optimally to support our goal to deliver sustained,   superior returns to stockholders, and our exceptional long-term performance   demonstrates the success of this program. For these reasons, our Board   recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of our executive   compensation. Electronic   Document Delivery to Stockholders Instead of receiving future   copies of our Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report by   mail, stockholders of record and most beneficial owners may elect to receive   an e-mail that will provide electronic links to these documents. Electronic   document delivery saves us the cost of producing and mailing documents and   will give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site. It is also more   environmentally friendly. We are making this Proxy   Statement and the materials accompanying it available to our stockholders via   the Internet, as permitted by SEC rules. We will mail to stockholders a   Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access our   proxy materials and how to vote by proxy online. Starting on or about   April 2, 2018, we will also mail this Proxy Statement and the materials   accompanying it to stockholders who have requested paper copies. If you would   like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials by mail, you should follow   the instructions for requesting those materials included in the Notice that   we mail to you. IMPORTANT   NOTICE REGARDING INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL   MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 15, 2018: This Proxy Statement,   our 2017 Form 10-K and our 2017 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. Questions   and Answers More information about proxy   voting, proxy materials and attending the Annual Meeting can be found in the   “Questions and Answers” section of this Proxy Statement. 2018   Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION Quorum The holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for the Annual Meeting, March 16, 2018, must be present in person or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum to transact business at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders who abstain from voting and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of establishing a quorum. A broker non-vote occurs when a beneficial owner does not provide voting instructions to the beneficial owner’s broker or custodian with respect to a proposal on which the broker or custodian does not have discretionary authority to vote. Who Can Vote Only Ventas stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of that date, 356,310,392 shares of our common stock, par value $0.25 per share, were outstanding. Each share of our common stock entitles the owner to one vote on each matter properly brought before the Annual Meeting. However, certain shares designated as “Excess Shares” (generally any shares owned by a beneficial owner in excess of 9.0% of our outstanding common stock) or as “Special Excess Shares” pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our “Charter”), may not be voted by the record owner of those shares and will be voted in accordance with Article IX of our Charter. A list of all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection by any stockholder for any purpose reasonably related to the meeting at the Annual Meeting and during ordinary business hours for the ten days preceding the meeting at our principal executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. How to Vote You may vote your shares in one of several ways, depending on how you own your shares: Stockholders of Record If you own shares registered in your name (a “stockholder of record”), you may: Vote your shares by proxy by calling (800) 690-6903,   24 hours a day, seven days a week until 11:59 p.m. Eastern   time on May 14, 2018. Please have your proxy card in hand when you call.   The telephone voting system has easy-to-follow instructions and provides   confirmation that the system has properly recorded your vote. OR Vote your shares by proxy via the website www.proxyvote.com , 24 hours a day,   seven days a week until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 14,   2018. Please have your proxy card in hand when you access the website. The   website has easy-to-follow instructions and provides confirmation that the   system has properly recorded your vote. OR If you have requested or receive paper copies of our proxy   materials by mail, vote your shares by proxy by signing, dating and returning   the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you vote by telephone   or over the Internet, you do not need to return your proxy card by mail. OR Vote your shares by attending the Annual Meeting in person and   depositing your proxy card at the registration desk (if you have requested   paper copies of our proxy materials by mail) or completing a ballot that will   be distributed at the Annual Meeting. Beneficial Owners If you own shares registered in the name of a broker, bank or other custodian (a “beneficial owner”), follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or custodian to instruct it how to vote your shares. If you want to vote your 2018   Proxy Statement 12 Table of Contents shares in person at the Annual Meeting, contact your broker, bank or custodian to obtain a legal proxy or broker’s proxy card that you should bring to the Annual Meeting to demonstrate your authority to vote. If you do not instruct your broker, bank or custodian how to vote, it will have discretionary authority, under current New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) rules, to vote your shares in its discretion on the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018 (Proposal 2). However, your broker, bank or custodian will not have discretionary authority to vote on the election of directors (Proposal 1) or the advisory vote to approve our executive compensation (Proposal 3) without instructions from you. As a result, if you do not provide instructions to your broker, bank or custodian, your shares will not be voted on Proposal 1 or Proposal 3. Votes by Proxy All shares that have been properly voted by proxy and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy. Shares represented by proxy cards that are signed and returned, but do not contain any voting instructions will be voted consistent with the Board’s recommendations: ü FOR the   election of all director-nominees named in this Proxy Statement   (Proposal 1); ü FOR the ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as our   independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018   (Proposal 2); ü FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of our executive   compensation (Proposal 3); and ü In the discretion of the proxy holders, on such other business   as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board provides guidance and oversight with respect to our financial and operating performance, strategic plans, key corporate policies and decisions and enterprise risk management. Among other matters, our Board considers and approves significant acquisitions, dispositions and other transactions and advises and counsels senior management on key financial and business objectives. Members of the Board monitor our progress with respect to these matters on a regular basis, including through presentations made at Board and committee meetings by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and other members of senior management. Criteria for Board Membership Our Guidelines on Governance set forth the process by which our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the “Nominating Committee”) identifies and evaluates nominees for Board membership. In accordance with this process, the Nominating Committee annually considers and recommends to the Board a slate of directors for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders. In selecting this slate, the Nominating Committee considers the following: incumbent directors who have indicated a willingness to continue to serve on our Board; candidates, if any, nominated by our stockholders; and other potential candidates identified by the Nominating Committee. Additionally, if at any time during the year a seat on the Board becomes vacant or a new seat is created, the Nominating Committee considers and recommends to the Board a candidate for appointment to fill the vacant or newly-created seat. The Nominating Committee considers different perspectives, skill sets, education, ages, genders, ethnic origins and business experience in its annual nomination process. In general, the Nominating Committee seeks to include on our Board a complementary mix of individuals with diverse backgrounds, knowledge and viewpoints reflecting the broad set of challenges that the Board confronts without representing any particular interest group or constituency. The Nominating Committee regularly reviews the size and composition of the Board on a holistic basis, utilizing a rigorous matrix of identified skills, experiences and other criteria for maintaining an excellent, independent Board in light of our changing requirements and seeks nominees who, taken together as a group, possess the skills, diversity and expertise appropriate for an effective Board. The Nominating Committee also monitors the average tenure of our Board members and seeks to achieve a variety of director tenures in order to benefit from long-tenured directors’ institutional knowledge and newly-elected directors’ fresh perspectives. During 2015 and 2016, the Nominating Committee and the Board has taken the opportunity 2018   Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents to refresh the composition of the Board, with our two longest-tenured directors departing from the Board and being replaced by Roxanne M. Martino and Walter C. Rakowich in 2016. The Nominating Committee seeks to recommend candidates that have adequate time to devote to Board activities, recognizing that public company board of directors responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time. Accordingly, the Company maintains an overboarding policy that prohibits directors from simultaneously serving on more than four public company boards other than the Company’s Board. In evaluating potential director candidates, the Nominating Committee considers, among other factors, the experience, qualifications and attributes listed below and any additional characteristics that it believes one or more directors should possess, based on an assessment of the needs of our Board at that time. Our Guidelines on Governance provide that, in general, nominees for membership on the Board should: ü have demonstrated management or technical ability at high levels   in successful organizations; ü have experience relevant to our operations, such as real estate,   REITs, healthcare, finance or general management; ü be well-respected in their business and home communities; ü have time to devote to Board duties; and ü be independent from us and not related to our other directors or   employees. In addition, our directors are expected to be active participants in governing our enterprise, and our Nominating Committee looks for certain characteristics common to all Board members, including integrity, independence, leadership ability, constructive and collegial personal attributes, candor and the ability and willingness to evaluate, challenge and stimulate. No single factor or group of factors is necessarily dispositive of whether a candidate will be recommended by our Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee considers and applies these same standards in evaluating individuals recommended for nomination to our Board by our stockholders in accordance with the procedures described in this Proxy Statement under “Requirements for Submission of Stockholder Proposals, Director Nominations and Other Business.” Our Board’s satisfaction of these criteria is implemented and assessed through ongoing consideration of directors and nominees by the Nominating Committee and the Board, as well as the Board’s annual self-evaluation process, as described in more detail below. Based upon these activities, our Nominating Committee and our Board believe that the director-nominees named in this Proxy Statement satisfy these criteria. We have from time to time retained search firms and other third parties to assist us in identifying potential candidates based on specific criteria that we provided to them, including the qualifications described above. We may retain search firms and other third parties on similar or other terms in the future. Annual Board Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. The Board and each of its committees conduct self-evaluations related to their performance on an annual basis, including an evaluation of each director. Through this process, directors provide feedback and assess Board, committee and director performance, including areas where the Board believes it is functioning effectively and areas where the Board believes it can improve. Our Nominating Committee supervises the annual self-evaluations and uses various processes from year to year in order to solicit feedback, including periodic in-person interviews conducted by the Presiding Director with each of the Board members. The Board and each committee review and discuss the evaluation results, and take this information into account when assessing the qualifications of the Board and further enhancing the effectiveness of the Board and its committees over time. Director Independence Our Guidelines on Governance require that at least a majority of the members of our Board meet the criteria for 2018   Proxy Statement 14 Table of Contents independence under the rules and regulations of the NYSE. For a director to be considered independent under the NYSE’s listing standards, the director must satisfy certain bright-line tests, and the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. Not less than annually, our Board evaluates the independence of each non-management director on a case-by-case basis by considering any matters that could affect his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, including all transactions and relationships between that director, members of his or her family and organizations with which that director or family members have an affiliation, on the one hand, and us, our subsidiaries and our management, on the other hand. Any such matters are evaluated from the standpoint of both the director and the persons or organizations with which the director has an affiliation. Each director abstains from participating in the determination of his or her independence. Based on its most recent review, the Board has affirmatively determined that each of our non-employee directors has no direct or indirect material relationship with us and qualify as independent under the NYSE’s listing standards. Ms. Cafaro is not considered independent under the NYSE listing standards due to her employment as our Chief Executive Officer. Leadership Structure and Independent Presiding Director Our Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure so as to provide effective oversight of management and a fully engaged, high-functioning Board. The Board understands that no single approach to Board leadership is universally accepted and that the appropriate leadership structure may vary based on a company’s size, industry, operations, history and culture. Consistent with this understanding, our Board, led by our Nominating Committee, annually assesses its leadership structure in light of our operating and governance environment at the time to achieve the optimal model for us and for our stockholders. Following its most recent review, the Board has determined that our existing leadership structure—under which our Chief Executive Officer also serves as Chairman of the Board and a Presiding Director assumes specific responsibilities on behalf of the independent directors—is effective, provides the appropriate balance of authority between those persons charged with overseeing our company and those who manage it on a day-to-day basis and achieves the optimal governance model for us and for our stockholders. Under our Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended (our “By-Laws”), and our Guidelines on Governance, our Board has discretion to determine whether to separate or combine the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as part of its leadership structure evaluation. Ms. Cafaro has served in both capacities since 2003, and our Board continues to believe that her combined role is most advantageous to us and our stockholders. Ms. Cafaro possesses extensive knowledge of the issues, opportunities and risks facing us, our business and our industry and has consistently demonstrated the vision and leadership necessary to focus the Board’s time and attention on the most critical matters and to facilitate constructive dialogue among Board members on strategic issues. Moreover, the combined roles enable decisive leadership, clear accountability and consistent communication of our message and strategy to all of our stakeholders. These leadership attributes are uniquely important to our company given the value to our business of opportunistic capital markets execution, our history of rapid and significant growth, and our culture of proactive engagement and risk management. In connection with Ms. Cafaro’s service as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, our Guidelines on Governance require that the independent members of our Board annually select one independent director to serve as Presiding Director, whose specific responsibilities include, among other things, presiding at all meetings of our Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions and all other meetings of the independent directors. The Presiding Director also serves as liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors, approves information sent to the Board and approves Board meeting agendas and meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. The Presiding Director has authority to call meetings of the independent directors and, if requested by major stockholders, ensures that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication with stockholders. In addition, the Presiding Director reviews with our General Counsel potential conflicts of interest and has such other duties as may be assigned from time to time by the independent directors or the Board. Although the Presiding Director is elected on an annual basis, the Board generally expects that he or she will serve for more than one year. James D. Shelton has served as our Presiding Director since 2016. Management Succession Planning Our Board regularly reviews short- and long-term succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. In assessing possible Chief Executive Officer candidates, our independent directors identify the skills, experience and attributes they believe are required to be an effective leader in light of the Company’s 2018   Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents strategic plan, business opportunities and challenges. The Board employs a similar approach with respect to evaluating possible candidates for other senior management positions. In general, the Board’s management succession planning is designed to anticipate both “planned” successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, as well as unexpected successions, such as those occurring when an executive leaves suddenly to take a new position, or due to death, disability or other unforeseen events. Committees Our Board has five standing committees that perform certain delegated functions for the Board: the Audit and Compliance Committee (the “Audit Committee”); the Compensation Committee; the Executive Committee; the Investment Committee; and the Nominating Committee. Each of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees operates under a written charter that is available in the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.ventasreit.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance . We also provide copies of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committee charters, without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Additional details regarding the five standing committees of our Board are described below. Board and Committee Meetings Our Board held a total of six meetings during 2017. Evidencing a strong commitment to our company, each director attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served that were held during 2017. The table below provides current membership and 2017 meeting information for each of our Board committees: Name Audit Committee Compensation Committee Executive Committee Investment Committee Nominating Committee Melody   C. Barnes* Member Debra A.   Cafaro Member Member Jay M.   Gellert* Chair Member Member Richard I.   Gilchrist* Member Chair Member Matthew J.   Lustig* Member Member Roxanne   M. Martino* Member Walter   C. Rakowich* Member Robert D.   Reed* Chair Member Glenn J.   Rufrano* Member James D.   Shelton* † Member Chair Chair Total Meetings in   2017 5 8 0 1 1 * Independent Director † Presiding Director Our independent directors meet in executive session, outside the presence of management, at each regularly scheduled quarterly Board meeting and at other times as necessary or desirable. The Presiding Director (currently Mr. Shelton) chairs all regularly scheduled executive sessions of the Board and all other meetings of the independent directors. Members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees also meet in executive session, outside the presence of management, at each regularly scheduled committee meeting and at other times as necessary or desirable. We strongly encourage, but do not require, directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All ten directors who were nominated for reelection at our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended that meeting. How to Communicate with Directors Stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with our Board or any director on Board-related issues may do so by writing to Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, 2018   Proxy Statement 16 Table of Contents Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654, or by submitting an e-mail to bod@ventasreit.com. Additionally, stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with the Presiding Director of the Board or with the independent directors as a group may do so by writing to Presiding Director, Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654, or by sending an e-mail to independentbod@ventasreit.com. Communications addressed to our Board or individual members of the Board are screened by our Corporate Secretary for appropriateness before distributing to the Board, or to any individual director or directors, as applicable. AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Our Audit Committee assists our Board in fulfilling its responsibilities relating to our accounting and financial reporting practices, including oversight of the quality and integrity of our financial statements; our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit function. The Audit Committee maintains free and open communication with the Board, our independent registered public accounting firm, our internal auditor and our financial and accounting management. Our Audit Committee meets separately in executive session, outside the presence of management, with each of our independent registered public accounting firm and our internal auditor at each regularly scheduled meeting and at other times as necessary or desirable. Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent and satisfies the independence standards of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE listing standards, including the additional independence requirements for audit committee members. The Board has also determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate and qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” for purposes of the SEC’s rules. The Nominating Committee recognizes that Audit Committee members must have adequate time to devote to Audit Committee activities, given that such responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time. Accordingly, the Company maintains a policy prohibiting Audit Committee members from simultaneously serving on more than two public company audit committees other than the Company’s. The policy grandfathers public company audit committees for which directors are serving as of the policy adoption date. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Our Board has delegated to our Executive Committee the power to direct the management of our business and affairs in emergency situations during intervals between meetings of the Board, except for matters specifically reserved for our Board and its other committees. The Executive Committee exercises its delegated authority only under extraordinary circumstances and has not held a meeting since 2002. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Our Compensation Committee has primary responsibility for the design, review, approval and administration of all aspects of our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee reviews the performance of, and makes all compensation decisions for, each of our executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer. Our Compensation Committee also reviews the performance of, and makes compensation recommendations to the independent members of our Board for, our Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee meets throughout the year to review our compensation philosophy and its continued alignment with our business strategy and to consider and approve our executive compensation program for the subsequent year. With the assistance of a nationally-recognized, independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee discusses changes, if any, to the program structure, assesses the appropriate peer companies for benchmarking purposes, sets base salaries and incentive award opportunities, establishes the applicable performance measures and related goals under our incentive plans, evaluates performance in relation to the established measures and goals and determines annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards for our executive officers. Our executive officers provide support to our Compensation Committee by coordinating meeting logistics, preparing and disseminating relevant financial and other information regarding us and the companies in our compensation peer group as a supplement to the comparative market data prepared by our independent compensation consultant and 2018   Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents making recommendations with respect to performance measures and related goals. Our Chief Executive Officer attends meetings at the Compensation Committee’s request and recommends to the Compensation Committee compensation changes affecting our other executive officers. However, our Chief Executive Officer plays no role in setting her own compensation. At various times, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, our Assistant General Counsel, Corporate & Securities and our Chief Human Resources Officer may also attend meetings at the Compensation Committee’s request to act as secretary and record the minutes of the meetings, provide updates on legal developments and make presentations regarding certain organizational matters. Our Compensation Committee meets separately in executive session, without management present, at each regularly scheduled meeting and at other times as necessary or desirable. The Compensation Committee meets during the first quarter of each year, typically in January, to (i) review and certify the achievement of pre-established performance goals with respect to our annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards, (ii) determine the appropriate annual cash awards to be earned by our executive officers based on prior-year performance and (iii) determine the appropriate grants of equity awards to our executive officers, the majority of which may be earned based on future performance as measured against specified performance criteria. Our executive officers provide support to our Compensation Committee in this process, and the Chief Executive Officer makes incentive award recommendations with respect to the other executive officers. Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent and satisfies the independence standards of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the related NYSE listing standards, including the additional independence requirements for compensation committee members. The Board has also determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the additional requirements for “outside directors” set forth in Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and “non-employee directors” set forth in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During the year ended December 31, 2017, Ms. Martino and Messrs. Gellert, Gilchrist and Shelton served on our Compensation Committee. No member of the Compensation Committee is, or has been, employed by us or our subsidiaries or is an employee of any entity for which any of our executive officers serves on the board of directors. Independent Compensation Consultant Under its charter, our Compensation Committee has authority to retain, and approve the terms of engagement and fees paid to, compensation consultants, outside counsel and other advisors that the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to assist it in discharging its duties. Any compensation consultant engaged by our Compensation Committee reports to the Compensation Committee and receives no fees from us that are unrelated to its role as advisor to our Board and its committees. Our Compensation Committee meets regularly with the compensation consultant without management present. Although a compensation consultant may periodically interact with company employees to gather and review information related to our executive compensation program, this work is done at the direction and subject to the oversight of the Compensation Committee. Under the Compensation Committee charter, any compensation consultant retained by our Compensation Committee must be independent, as determined annually by the Compensation Committee in its reasonable business judgment, considering the specific independence factors set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act and all other relevant facts and circumstances. Demonstrating our Board’s strong commitment to leading corporate governance practices by periodically rotating key consultants, Semler Brossy Consulting Group (“SBCG”) was retained to serve as our Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant in July 2017. Previously, Pearl Meyer (“PM”) served as our Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant from 2006 – July 2017. Our Compensation Committee retained PM to advise it and the independent members of our Board, as applicable, on matters related to our executive compensation levels and program design for 2017 and SBCG to advise it on matters related to 2018. Our Compensation Committee reviews the scope of work provided by its consultant on an annual basis and, in connection with PM’s prior engagement and SBCG’s engagement in 2017, determined that both PM and SBCG met the independence criteria under the Compensation Committee charter. PM and SBCG did not perform any consulting services unrelated to executive compensation for us during the year ended December 31, 2017, and PM’s and SBCG’s work for the Board and its committees has raised no conflict of interest. 2018   Proxy Statement 18 Table of Contents INVESTMENT COMMITTEE The function of our Investment Committee is to review and approve proposed acquisitions and dispositions of properties and other investments meeting applicable criteria, in accordance with our Amended and Restated Investment and Divestiture Approval Policy. NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Our Nominating Committee oversees our corporate policies and other corporate governance matters, as well as matters relating to the practices and procedures of our Board, including the following: identifying, selecting and recommending to the Board qualified director-nominees; making recommendations to the Board regarding its committee structure and composition; reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding non-employee director compensation; overseeing an annual evaluation of the Board and its committees; developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and the corporate code of ethics; and generally advising the Board on corporate governance and related matters. Our Board has determined that each member of the Nominating Committee is independent and satisfies the NYSE listing standards. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Governance Policies Our Guidelines on Governance reflect the fundamental corporate governance principles by which our Board and its committees operate. These guidelines set forth general practices the Board and its committees follow with respect to structure, function, organization, composition and conduct. These guidelines are reviewed at least annually by the Nominating Committee and are updated periodically in response to changing regulatory requirements, evolving corporate governance practices, input from our stockholders and otherwise as circumstances warrant. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct sets forth the legal and ethical standards for conducting our business to which our directors, officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and the directors, officers and employees of our subsidiaries must adhere. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct covers all significant areas of professional conduct, including employment practices, conflicts of interest, unfair or unethical use of corporate opportunities, protection of confidential information and other company assets, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, political activities and other public policy matters, and proper and timely reporting of financial results. See also “Public Policy Matters.” Our Guidelines on Governance and our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct are available in the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.ventasreit.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance . We also provide copies of our Guidelines on Governance and our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Waivers from, and amendments to, our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that apply to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or persons performing similar functions will be timely posted on our website at www.ventasreit.com . The information on our website is not a part of this Proxy Statement. Transactions with Related Persons Our written Policy on Transactions with Related Persons requires that any transaction involving us in which any of our directors, officers or employees (or their immediate family members) has a direct or indirect material interest be approved or ratified by the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of our Board. Our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct requires our directors, officers and employees to disclose in writing to our General Counsel any existing or proposed transaction in which he or she has a personal interest, or in which there is or might appear to be a conflict of interest by reason of his or her connection to another business organization. Our General Counsel reviews these matters with the Presiding Director to determine whether the transaction raises a conflict of interest that warrants review and approval by the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of the Board. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction, the Audit Committee or disinterested members of the Board consider all relevant facts and circumstances available to them and other factors they deem appropriate. We did not have any related party transactions during 2017. 2017   Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Risk Management Management has primary responsibility for identifying and managing our exposure to risk, subject to active oversight by our Board of the processes we establish to assess, monitor and mitigate that exposure. The Board, directly and through its committees, routinely discusses with management our significant enterprise risks and reviews the guidelines, policies and procedures we have in place to address those risks, such as our approval process for acquisitions, dispositions and other investments. At Board and committee meetings, directors engage in comprehensive analyses and dialogue regarding specific areas of risk following receipt of written materials and in-depth presentations from management and third-party experts, including an enhanced annual enterprise risk management process and presentation to the Board to better identify risks, owners and mitigants. This process enables our Board to focus on the strategic, financial, operational, legal, regulatory and other risks that are most significant to us and our business in terms of likelihood and potential impact and ensures that our enterprise risks are well understood, mitigated to the extent reasonable and consistent with the Board’s view of our risk profile and risk tolerance. In addition to the overall risk oversight function administered directly by our Board, each of our Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Investment Committees exercises its own oversight related to the risks associated with the particular responsibilities of that committee: ü Our Audit Committee reviews financial, accounting and internal   control risks and the mechanisms through which we assess and manage risk, in   accordance with NYSE requirements, and has certain responsibilities with   respect to our compliance programs, such as our Global Code of Ethics and   Business Conduct, our Global Anti-Corruption Policy, our Political   Contributions Policy, our Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy and   our Investigations Policy. ü Our Compensation Committee, as discussed in greater detail   below, evaluates whether our compensation policies and practices, as they   relate to both executive officers and employees generally, encourage   excessive risk-taking. ü Our Nominating Committee focuses on risks related to corporate   governance, board effectiveness and succession planning. Our Board annually   adopts an emergency succession plan to facilitate the transition to both   interim and long-term leadership in the unlikely event of an untimely vacancy   in the position of Chief Executive Officer. ü Our Investment Committee is responsible for overseeing certain   transaction-related risks, including the review of transactions in excess of certain   thresholds, with existing tenants, operators, borrowers or managers, or that   involve investments in non-core assets. The chairs of these committees report on such matters to the full Board at each regularly scheduled Board meeting and other times as appropriate. Our Board believes that this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for identifying and addressing risk, and through Ms. Cafaro’s combined role as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, our Board leadership structure appropriately supports the Board’s role in risk oversight by facilitating prompt attention by the Board and its committees to the significant enterprise risks identified by management in our day-to-day operations. Compensation Risk Assessment As part of its risk oversight role, our Compensation Committee annually considers whether our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including our executive officers, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. In conducting its risk assessment in 2017, the Compensation Committee reviewed a report prepared by management regarding our existing compensation plans and programs, including our severance and change-in-control arrangements, in the context of our business risk environment. In its review, the Compensation Committee noted several design features of our compensation programs that reduce the likelihood of excessive risk-taking, including, but not limited to, the following: ü a balanced mix of cash and equity compensation with a strong   emphasis on performance-based incentive awards; ü multiple performance measures selected in the context of our   business strategy and often in tension with each other, for example, goals   which promote FFO growth and maintaining a strong balance sheet; 2017   Proxy Statement 20 Table of Contents ü regular review of comparative compensation data to maintain   competitive compensation levels in light of our industry, size and   performance; ü incentive award opportunities that do not provide minimum   guaranteed payouts, are based on a range of performance outcomes and plotted   along a continuum, and have capped payouts, subject in all cases to the   Compensation Committee’s and, in the case of our Chief Executive Officer, the   independent Board members’ overall assessment of performance; ü equity compensation consisting entirely of full-value   awards—pRSUs and time-based RSUs—to provide greater incentive to create and   preserve long-term stockholder value; ü equity incentive awards granted for future performance with   multi-year vesting schedules/performance periods to enhance retention; ü minimum stock ownership guidelines (which were increased from 5x   to 6x for our Chief Executive Officer in January 2017) that align   executive officers with long-term stockholder interests; ü our recoupment policy enables our Board to “claw back” incentive   compensation in the event of a financial restatement; and ü prohibitions on engaging in derivative and other hedging   transactions in our securities and restrictions on holding our securities in   margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans. Based on its evaluation, the Compensation Committee has determined, in its reasonable business judgment, that our compensation practices and policies for all employees do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our company and instead promote behaviors that support long-term sustainability and creation of stockholder value. Public Policy Matters We are committed to ethical business conduct and expect our directors, officers and employees to act with integrity and to conduct themselves and our business in a way that protects our reputation for fairness and honesty. Consistent with these principles, in our Global Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, our Global Anti-Corruption Policy and our Political Contribution, Expenditure and Activity Policy, we have established the policies and practices described below with respect to political contributions and other public policy matters. Political Contributions and Expenditures We do not use corporate funds or resources for direct contributions to political candidates, parties or campaigns, other than occasional de minimis use of our property, such as using a conference room. Corporate resources include non-financial donations, such as the use of our property in a political campaign or our employees’ use of work time and telephones to solicit for a political cause or candidate. Promotion of Company Interests We do not have a political action committee. However, we may advocate a position, express a view or take other appropriate action with respect to legislative or political matters affecting our company or our interests. We may also ask our employees to make personal contact with governmental officials or to write letters to present our position on specific issues. Any such advocacy is done in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Political Activities by Company Personnel We believe that our directors, officers and employees have rights and responsibilities to participate in political activities as citizens, including voting in elections, keeping informed on political matters, serving on civic bodies and contributing financially to, and participating in the campaigns of, the political candidates of their choice. Accordingly, our directors, officers and employees are not constrained from engaging in political activities, making political contributions, expressing political views or taking action on any political or legislative matter, so long as they are acting in their individual capacity, on their own time and at their own expense. Directors, officers and employees acting in their individual capacity must not give the impression that they are speaking on our behalf or representing our company in such activities. 2017   Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Relationships with Government Officials Our directors, officers and employees may not maintain any relationship or take any action with respect to public officials that could impugn our integrity or reputation. In particular, our directors, officers and employees may not offer, promise or give anything of value, including payments, entertainment and gifts, to any government official, employee, agent or other intermediary of the United States government or any domestic or foreign government. OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Set forth below is certain biographical information about our executive officers. Ages shown for all executive officers are as of the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting. Name and Position Age Business Experience Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 60 Ms. Cafaro’s   biographical information is set forth in this Proxy Statement under   “Proposals Requiring Your Vote—Proposal 1: Election of Directors.” John D. Cobb Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer 46 Mr.   Cobb has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer since   March 2013, after serving as our Senior Vice President, Chief Investment   Officer from 2010 to March 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Cobb was a President and   Chief Executive Officer of Senior Lifestyle Corporation, where he led the   strategic direction of a 9,000+ unit retirement company with over 3,400   employees. Prior to that, he held various positions with GE Healthcare   Financial Services, a division of General Electric Capital Corporation, which   is a subsidiary of General Electric Corporation, with the last being Senior Managing   Director, where he led a team focused on debt and equity investments in   healthcare real estate totaling over $9 billion. Mr. Cobb has served as a   member of the Board of Directors of the National Investment Center for the   Seniors Housing & Care Industry. He is currently a member of the   Executive Board of the American Seniors Housing Association. 2018   Proxy Statement 22 Table of Contents Todd W. Lillibridge Executive Vice President, Medical Property Operations; President and   Chief Executive Officer, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. 62 Mr.   Lillibridge has been our Executive Vice President, Medical Property   Operations since July 2010. Mr. Lillibridge also serves as President and   Chief Executive Officer of our subsidiary, Lillibridge Healthcare Services,   Inc. (“Lillibridge”), where he is responsible for the strategic focus, vision   and overall leadership of our MOB operations. Prior to joining Lillibridge’s   predecessor in 1982, and subsequently establishing Lillibridge & Company,   Mr. Lillibridge was employed by Baird & Warner, Inc. of Chicago, Illinois,   serving in the real estate finance group and the development division. He is   a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and the World Presidents’   Organization of Chicago. Mr. Lillibridge is a member of the board of   directors of DIRTT Environmental Solutions, Ltd., Ardent Health Services,   member of the Rush University Medical Center Facilities Committee and a   member of Pacific Medical Buildings Healthcare Real Estate Board. Robert F. Probst Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 50 Mr.   Probst has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   since October 2014 and previously served as our Acting Chief Accounting   Officer from October 2014 to September 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Probst   served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Beam Inc., a   global spirits distributor, from its inception as an independent, S&P 500   company in October 2011 to its sale to Suntory Holdings Limited in May   2014.  Prior to that, he served as   senior vice president and chief financial officer of Beam Global Spirits   & Wine, Inc., playing a key role in establishing the former unit of   Fortune Brands, Inc. as a standalone publicly-traded company. Mr. Probst   serves on the boards of the Chicago Botanic Garden and Camp Kesem, as well as   the advisory board of the Duke University Financial Economics program. T. Richard Riney Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General   Counsel and Ethics and Compliance Officer 60 Mr.   Riney has been our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since 1998,   was named our Chief Administrative Officer in 2007, has served as our   Corporate Secretary since August 2015 and previously served as our Corporate   Secretary from 1998 to 2012. Mr. Riney also serves as our Ethics and Compliance   Officer. From 1996 to 1998, he served as Transactions Counsel for our   predecessor, Vencor, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Riney practiced law with the law   firm of Hirn, Reed & Harper, where his areas of concentration were real   estate and corporate finance. Mr. Riney serves on the Centre College Board of   Trustees. He is admitted to the Bar in Kentucky and is a member of the   National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”). 2018   Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference into the 2017 Form 10-K. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Jay M. Gellert, Chair Richard I. Gilchrist Roxanne M. Martino James D. Shelton Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) provides a detailed description of our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and programs, the compensation decisions made under those programs and the factors considered by our Compensation Board Members in making those decisions. The CD&A focuses on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers for 2017, who were: Name Title Debra A.   Cafaro Chairman   and Chief Executive Officer Robert F.   Probst Executive   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Todd W.   Lillibridge Executive   Vice President, Medical Property Operations; President and Chief Executive   Officer, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. T. Richard   Riney Executive   Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Ethics and   Compliance Officer John D.   Cobb Executive   Vice President and Chief Investment Officer As in previous years, we awarded compensation to our Named Executive Officers for 2017 based on policies that closely link compensation to performance. These policies, in structured combination, generate rewards for achievement of high-level company and individual performance and discourage excessive short-term risk taking. This balance is essential to align management with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Executive Summary Our executive compensation programs are designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives, to reward them for the achievement of pre-established company objectives combined with tailored individual goals consistent with our strategic plan and to link compensation to company performance. We compensate executives primarily through base salary, annual cash incentive compensation and long-term equity incentive compensation. Our executive compensation philosophy emphasizes performance-based incentive compensation over fixed cash compensation, so that the vast majority of total direct compensation is variable and not guaranteed. A significant percentage of incentive compensation is in the form of equity awards that may be earned, if at all, based on future performance over a period of three years. This structure appropriately focuses our executive officers on the creation of long-term value and encourages prudent risk evaluation. 2018   Proxy Statement 24 Table of Contents 2017 Performance Returns to Stockholders. Our long history of delivering sustained, superior returns to stockholders continued in 2017: ü Though below our historical average, our 0.7% TSR in 2017   outperformed the three large-cap diversified healthcare REITs in 2017 and our   TSR ranked first in this group for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year   periods ended December 31, 2017 (as well as since 2000), demonstrating short-   and long-term outperformance during varied economic cycles. ü For the period from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2017   (the 18 full fiscal years of our Chief Executive Officer’s tenure), we   delivered compound annual TSR of 24%, dramatically outperforming our peers,   the S&P 500 index and the MSCI REIT Index. ü We increased our dividend by 5% in 2017. Strategic, Financial and Operating Performance. We delivered exceptional strategic, financial and operating performance in 2017: ü Revenue, NOI, Same-Store Cash NOI and Net Cash from Operating   Activities Growth: Ø Achieved record $3.6 billion revenue and $2.1 billion NOI,   delivering 2.5% same-store cash NOI growth, at the high end of our initial   guidance, and 5% growth in net cash provided by operating activities, up to a   record number; ü Effective Balance Sheet Management and Efficient Capital Markets   Execution: Ø Continued strengthening of our balance sheet by maintaining our   excellent leverage and improving our liquidity by $1.4 billion, ending the   year at 5.7x net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA and 4.6x fixed charge   coverage; Ø Completion of $4.5 billion in efficient long-term capital   raises, including more than $1 billion in long-term debt at attractive rates,   an upsized and extended revolving credit facility with $3 billion in   borrowing capacity at improved pricing and a $400 million revolving   construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening development   pipeline; 2018   Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents ü Value-Creating Investments: Ø Made and committed to $1.8 billion of attractive, value-creating   investments, including funding (i) the continued growth in our   university-based life sciences and innovation business with significant   developments and acquisitions (grown by 37% since inception with a strong   pipeline of opportunities), (ii) Ardent Health Services’ successful   acquisition of LHP Hospital Group and (iii) selective SHOP and MOB   development and redevelopment deals; ü Profitable Dispositions: Ø Accelerated our strategic and highly profitable disposition   program, closing greater than $900 million in profitable dispositions and   receipt of timely loan repayments in 2017 and recognizing greater than $700   million in gains, including substantially exiting the skilled nursing   business through disposal of more than $700 million in skilled nursing   assets; ü Investor Relations and Customer Focus: Ø Expanded investor relations engagement through non-deal   roadshows, operator presentations, property tours and targeted outreach   highlighting areas of increased focus; Ø Successful negotiation of collaborative and mutually beneficial   arrangements with our leading operators, such as the successful   recapitalization of Atria Senior Living; Ø Completion of several customer-focused initiatives, including   support for senior living employee assistance programs, hurricane assistance,   procurement referrals and working with our operators on growth and cost   savings initiatives; ü Sustainability, Values,   Reputation and Industry Leadership: Ø We were named among Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies”   and received numerous prestigious awards in 2017 and early 2018 in   recognition of our philanthropy, reputation, commitment to superior governance   and results, industry leaders, exemplary stewardship and world-class team. Ø Ownership of an industry-leading portfolio of 69 ENERGY STAR   Certified buildings and 37 LEED Certified buildings, which includes over $500   million of investment in 8 active developments pursuing LEED certification   and receipt of a broad range of awards and recognitions during the year in   REIT space, healthcare industry and among global corporations, including   inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (attaining top quartile   results across ESG metrics among all North American Real Estate companies),   achieving the #1 rank among public Healthcare REITs in the 2017 GRESB Real   Estate Assessment on Sustainability and representation in the FTSE4GOOD   Sustainability Index Series and MSCI Global Sustainability Index; Ø We are on track to meet our 10-year targets to reduce our   environmental impact from a 2013 baseline, which includes 10% reductions in   energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions, 5% reduction in water usage and 4%   reduction in landfill waste; Ø Identified as a “Winning Company” in the 2020 Women on Boards   Gender Diversity Index and a “Corporate Champion” by the Women’s Forum of New   York for having an industry-leading 30% female Board of Directors; Ø Ventas Charitable Foundation contributed almost $1 million to 80   organizations in 2017, including our ongoing 5-year, $1 million marquee   partnership with the Greater Chicago Food Depository to alleviate senior   hunger; and Ø Greater than 90 percent of requests have been met and in excess   of $500,000 given to an Employee Charitable Fund, which provides grants to   organizations that are directly nominated by our employees. 2018   Proxy Statement 26 Table of Contents The 2017 compensation decisions made by our Compensation Board Members reflected our level of achievement overall with respect to the pre-established measures and goals under our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans and the individual performance and contributions of our Named Executive Officers to our strong financial and operating performance during the year. 2017 Executive Compensation In 2017, our compensation decisions again reflected strong alignment between pay and performance. In determining the incentive compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers for 2017, our Compensation Board Members rigorously evaluated company and individual performance relative to the pre-established measures and goals under our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans. Our TSR for the one-, three, five- and ten-year periods ended December 31, 2017 (as well as since 2000) has placed us first among the three large-cap diversified healthcare REITs for these periods, demonstrating short- and long-term outperformance during varied economic cycles. In addition, we were the only large-cap diversified healthcare REIT to achieve year-over-year normalized FFO per share growth in 2017, finishing at $4.16 per share. We delivered excellent strategic, financial and operating performance, including significant expansion of our university-based life sciences and innovation business, accelerated dispositions of greater than $900 million in assets at premium pricing, 2.5% same-store cash NOI growth, 5% dividend growth in 2017, improved financial strength as illustrated by maintaining our excellent leverage and improving our liquidity by $1.4 billion, ending the year at 5.7x net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA and 4.6x fixed charge coverage, capital markets excellence, collaboration with our operators to build or recapitalize their businesses and earning numerous significant ESG achievements and awards. 2017 Base Salary . Following a review of compensation data for peers with substantially similar roles and responsibilities (as described below under “Benchmarking and Comparable Companies”), each of our Named Executive Officers (other than Ms. Cafaro) received an increase in base salary for 2017 to remain near the market median. 2018   Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents 2017 Annual Cash Incentive Awards . Cash incentive awards granted to our Named Executive Officers for 2017 performance were earned between the target and maximum levels, ranging from 107% to 149% of their respective target award opportunities, based on our performance with respect to pre-established company financial measures, as further described below in the “Annual Cash Incentive Compensation — Opportunities, Measures and Actual Performance” section. 2017 Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards . After careful consideration of constructive feedback from our investors, we made significant and responsive modifications to our executive compensation program in January 2017, including the adoption of a forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan in replacement of our backward-looking plan. This new program responds directly to the feedback provided by investors in our stockholder engagement process, further emphasizes our commitment to aligning pay and performance, retaining and motivating talented executives and rewarding superior performance without incentivizing undue risk-taking by (i) designing equity awards to be earned at a higher or lower level based on future performance rather than being granted following the satisfaction of specified performance goals, (ii) eliminating the discretionary component from our long-term equity incentive plan, (iii) elongating equity vesting periods, (iv) increasing the proportion of long-term equity incentive awards that may be earned based on relative TSR metrics and (v) eliminating stock options. Full details of our new forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan are further described below in the “Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation — Opportunities, Measures and Performance” section. Pay-for-Performance Alignment The graph below illustrates our long-term pay-for-performance alignment by comparing our Chief Executive Officer’s total direct compensation to our TSR performance (indexed to a 2012 base year) for each of the past five years. “Total Direct Compensation” includes, for the applicable year, base salary, actual annual cash incentive awards earned, the value of long-term equity incentive awards earned or granted (as applicable) and “All Other Compensation” as reported in the Summary Compensation Table. This graph differs from compensation reported in the 2017 Summary Compensation Table in the following respects: ü For 2012-2016, the period during which our backward-looking plan   was in effect, the graph aligns the value of long-term equity incentive   awards with the performance year for which they were earned, rather than the   year in which they were granted ( e.g. ,   long-term equity incentive awards granted in January 2017 for 2016   performance are shown in the graph above as 2016 compensation), consistent   with the manner in which our Compensation Board Members evaluated   compensation and pay-for-performance under the previous backward-looking plan   for our Named Executive Officers. 2018   Proxy Statement 28 Table of Contents ü For 2017, the first year our new forward-looking long-term   equity incentive plan was in effect, we report the grant date fair value   (approximating target level of performance) of the pRSUs granted in 2017 that   may be earned, if at all, based on performance relative to performance goals   measured from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2019. Actual   payout will occur in 2020 and will range from 0% - 220% of the target value.   The graph also includes the grant date fair value of the regular annual   time-based RSUs that may vest in three equal annual installments following   the grant date, generally subject to continued employment. ü The 2017 figure excludes time-based one-time RSU transition   awards received by certain of our Named Executive Officers because they are   one-time in nature and not a continuing feature of the long-term incentive   plan. These one-time transition awards were designed to partially mitigate   the impact of a reduction in the realized pay for our Named Executive   Officers in 2018 and 2019 resulting from the transition from a   backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a forward-looking plan. Recurring CEO   compensation is substantially lower than reflected in the 2017 Summary   Compensation Table because SEC rules require us to report all equity   grants made in 2017, including the final 2016 “backward-looking” equity grant   and the non-recurring transition awards. For 2017, target CEO total direct   compensation is $11.3 million on a recurring, normalized basis. Compensation Policies and Practices—Good Governance Consistent with our commitment to strong corporate governance and responsiveness to our stockholders, in 2017 our Board maintained the following compensation policies and practices to drive performance and serve our stockholders’ long-term interests: ü Balance : The structure of our   executive compensation program includes a balanced mix of cash and equity   compensation with a strong emphasis on performance-based incentive awards   that contain a blend of metrics promoting responsible growth and risk   management. ü Capped Opportunity : Our Named Executive   Officers’ incentive award opportunities are capped, and the value of their   awards is determined based on the Compensation Committee’s or the independent   Board members’ assessment of performance with respect to multiple performance   measures, including relative TSR, that promote stockholder value. ü Retention : The long-term equity   incentive awards granted to our Named Executive Officers measure future   performance over a three-year period to enhance retention and alignment with   long-term stockholder value. ü Peer Companies : The competitiveness of   our executive compensation program is assessed by comparison to the median of   a group of peer companies that are comparable to us in terms of enterprise   value, market capitalization and total assets. ü Independence : Our Compensation   Committee is comprised solely of independent directors and annually engages   an independent compensation consultant to advise on matters related to our   executive compensation program. ü Change of Control : Our employment   agreements and all forward-looking equity award agreements with executive   officers do not provide single-trigger change of control benefits, and we   prohibit new tax gross-up arrangements under our anti-tax gross-up policy.   Only one of our Named Executive Officers has a legacy agreement with a tax   gross-up provision. ü Stock Ownership Guidelines : We   maintain meaningful stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers   (which were increased in 2017 from 5x to 6x base salary for our CEO) and   non-employee directors that promote a long-term stockholder perspective. 2018   Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents ü Risk Review : Our Compensation   Committee annually reviews and assesses the potential risks of our   compensation policies and practices for all employees. ü Clawback Policy : Our recoupment policy   enables our Board to “claw back” incentive compensation in the event of a   financial restatement. ü Limited Perquisites : Our   executive officers receive limited perquisites and other personal benefits   that are not otherwise generally available to all of our employees. ü No Pledging or Hedging : Our   Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy (“Securities Trading Policy”)   prohibits our executive officers and directors from engaging in derivative   and other hedging transactions in our securities and restricts our executive   officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise   pledging our securities to secure loans without the prior approval of the   Audit Committee (no executive officer or director pledged or held our   securities in margin accounts at any time during 2017). 2017 Responsive Redesign of our Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan In response to our 2016 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation and our Compensation Committee Chairman’s conversations with a significant number of our largest investors, we carefully considered constructive feedback on our executive compensation program and corporate governance provided to us by our largest stockholders and in January 2017, we redesigned our long-term incentive compensation program, beginning with the 2017-2019 performance period. We gained valuable insight from engaging with our stockholders on a consistent basis before, during and after the redesign process. We conducted broad investor outreach programs on four separate occasions during this process: Outreach Timing Company Participants Investor Contact Topics Late 2015/ Early 2016 - Compensation   Committee Chair - Independent   Compensation Committee Consultant - Members   of our Legal Team 27 Largest Stockholders (holding ~60% of our shares) - Executive   compensation program - Solicit   feedback on our executive compensation program and corporate governance   practices Mid 2016 - Compensation   Committee Chair - Independent   Compensation Committee Consultant - Members   of our Legal Team 30 Largest Stockholders (holding ~60% of our shares) - Potential   executive compensation program design changes - Solicit   feedback on our executive compensation program design and corporate   governance practices Early 2017 - Compensation   Committee Chair - Members   of our Legal Team 32 Largest Stockholders (holding ~60% of our shares) - Executive   compensation program design changes - Corporate   governance improvements - Solicit   feedback on our executive compensation program and corporate governance   practices Late 2017/ Early 2018 - Compensation   Committee Chair - Members   of our Legal Team 40 Largest Stockholders (holding ~66% of our shares) - Review   of improved executive compensation program and corporate governance   enhancements - Solicit   feedback on our executive compensation program and corporate governance   practices Based on these discussions, we learned that our stockholders: ü generally approve of the overall structure of our executive   compensation program and diversity of goals, particularly our use of balanced   metrics of growth, risk management and capital structure to mitigate risk and   promote responsible, sustained long-term growth; 2018   Proxy Statement 30 Table of Contents ü generally approve of our implementation of the executive   compensation program, the factors considered and the decisions made under the   program; ü generally approve of our proxy disclosures regarding our   executive compensation program and corporate governance best practices; ü generally support our pay-for-performance alignment; and ü generally endorse our corporate governance practices. We also received constructive feedback from our investors. After careful consideration of this feedback, we made significant and responsive modifications to our executive compensation program, beginning with the 2017 compensation cycle. The key features of the new program are consistent with the feedback we received from our largest stockholders and are described in further detail below in the section entitled, “2017 Forward-Looking Awards: Responsive Redesign of Long-Term Incentive Compensation.” We believe this redesigned program enhances alignment of pay and performance, is responsive to investor feedback and provides simpler, clear objectives, while achieving our goals of attracting, retaining and motivating talented executives and rewarding superior performance in the context of our business risk environment. Following implementation of these changes, which were first reported in our 2017 Proxy Statement, we received support from over 95% of our stockholders with respect to our 2017 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. Accordingly, we have not made further changes to the structure of our executive compensation program as a direct result of the outcome of our 2017 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. Objectives of Our Compensation Program We recognize that effective compensation strategies are critical to recruiting, incentivizing and retaining key 2018   Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents employees who contribute to our long-term success and thereby create value for our stockholders. Accordingly, our compensation program is designed to achieve the following primary objectives: ü attract, retain and motivate talented executives; ü reward performance that meets or exceeds pre-established company   and tailored individual goals consistent with our strategic plan, while   maintaining alignment with stockholders; ü provide balanced incentives that discourage excessive   risk-taking; ü retain sufficient flexibility to permit our executive officers   to manage risk and adjust appropriately to meet rapidly changing market and   business conditions; ü evaluate performance by balancing consideration of those   measures that management can directly and significantly influence with market   forces that management cannot control (such as monetary policy and interest   rate expectations), but that impact stockholder value; ü encourage executives to become and remain long-term stockholders   of our company; and ü maintain compensation and corporate governance practices that   support our goal to deliver sustained, superior returns to stockholders. We align the interests of our executive officers and stockholders by maintaining a performance- and achievement-oriented environment that provides executives with the opportunity to earn market-competitive levels of cash and equity compensation for strong performance measured against key strategic, financial and operating goals that create long-term stockholder value. Benchmarking and Comparable Companies For 2017 benchmarking purposes, PM provided our Compensation Board Members with comparative market data on compensation practices and programs based on its analysis of a group of peer companies (the “Comparable Companies”) and provided guidance on compensation trends and best practices. Using this market data, PM advised the Compensation Board Members and made recommendations with respect to program design and setting base salaries and incentive award opportunity levels for our Named Executive Officers for 2017. In determining 2017 compensation targets for our Named Executive Officers, our Compensation Committee, in consultation with PM, considered the competitive positioning of our executive compensation levels relative to compensation data for the Comparable Companies with respect to the following components of pay: base salary; total annual compensation (base salary plus annual incentive awards); long-term equity incentives (annualized expected value of long-term equity incentive awards) and total direct compensation (base salary plus annual incentive awards and annualized expected value of long-term equity incentive awards). Consistent with our compensation philosophy, our Compensation Committee reviewed each element of pay in the context of the Comparable Companies, but targeted approximately the median of the Comparable Companies on an overall, total direct compensation basis, subject to adjustment based on the unique skills, expertise and individual contributions of each Named Executive Officer. Our 2017 executive compensation program was designed to deliver compensation levels above or below these targets if performance exceeded or failed to achieve the goals established for the annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards. We believe this methodology is appropriate for our operating style and reflects the need to attract, retain and stretch top executive talent. The group of Comparable Companies consists of large-cap REITs in our healthcare sector and different sectors (such as office, retail and lodging), but otherwise similar to us in terms of FFO and generally falling within a range of 40% to 250% of our enterprise value, market capitalization and total assets. Because these companies’ values may rise or fall based on underlying trends that are different from those affecting healthcare real estate, our total returns may vary significantly from theirs. Our Compensation Committee annually reviews the Comparable Companies to ensure that their size and operations remain comparable to ours and may change the composition of the group from time to time as appropriate. In December 2016, the Compensation Committee and PM examined the 2016 peer group and approved changes to the 15 Comparable Companies to be used for 2017 compensation purposes. The Compensation Committee removed Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. and Kimco Realty Corporation due to size and structure misalignment with us and added Crown Castle International Corp. and Equinix, Inc. The Compensation Committee believes this revised group of 2018   Proxy Statement 32 Table of Contents Comparable Companies provides a more accurate representation of our peer companies based on the size and complexity of the constituent companies (including participation in joint ventures) and provides a more accurate pool from which we compete for executive talent and stockholder investment. 2017 Comparable   Companies American Tower Corp. AvalonBay   Communities, Inc. Boston Properties, Inc. Crown Castle International   Corp. Equinix, Inc. Equity Residential General Growth Properties, Inc. HCP, Inc. Prologis, Inc. Public Storage, Inc. Simon Property Group, Inc. SL Green Realty   Group, Inc. The Macerich Company Vornado Realty Trust, Inc. Welltower, Inc. 2018 Comparable Companies In August 2017, the Compensation Committee and SBCG examined the 2017 peer group and approved changes to the 15 Comparable Companies identified above to be used for 2018 compensation purposes. Based on SBCG’s advice, the Compensation Committee refined its approach to setting the peer group by simplifying the criteria to generally include publicly-traded REITs with an enterprise value over $20 billion and having total assets of over $10 billion, irrespective of direct business fit. This change resulted in Digital Realty Trust, Inc., Realty Income Corp. and Weyerhaeuser Co. being added to the existing 15 company peer group set. The Compensation Committee believes this updated approach will result in a more predictable and consistent peer group consisting of companies within our same industry, while maintaining focus on companies comparable to us in terms of size and talent. Compensation Mix Our executive compensation philosophy promotes a compensation mix that emphasizes variable pay and long-term stockholder value. We believe that an emphasis on incentive compensation creates greater alignment with the interests of our stockholders, ensures that our business strategy is executed by decision-makers in a manner that focuses on the creation of long-term value rather than only short-term results, and encourages prudent evaluation of risks. Accordingly, our compensation structure is designed such that a significant portion of Named Executive Officers’ total direct compensation is in the form of equity awards. Under our new forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan, equity awards will be earned and vest based on future performance over a period of three years from the grant date. The following charts illustrate each Named Executive Officer’s base salary, target annual cash incentive compensation and target long-term equity incentive compensation as a percentage of his or her target total direct compensation for 2017. Ms. Cafaro’s target total direct compensation reflects a heavier weight on long-term equity incentive compensation because our Compensation Board Members believe that, due to her leadership role as our Chief Executive Officer, her compensation structure should reflect even greater alignment with our stockholders. 2018   Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Elements of Our Compensation Program For 2017, the compensation provided to our executive officers consisted of the same elements generally available to our non-executive officers: base salary; annual cash incentive compensation; long-term equity incentive compensation; and other perquisites and benefits. Base Salary The base salary payable to each Named Executive Officer provides a fixed component of compensation that reflects the executive’s position and responsibilities. Base salary is generally targeted to approximate the competitive market median of the Comparable Companies, but may deviate from this target based on an individual’s sustained performance, contributions, leadership, experience, expertise and specific roles within our company as compared to the benchmark data. Our Compensation Committee reviews base salaries annually and may make adjustments to better match competitive market levels or to recognize an executive’s professional growth and development or increased responsibilities. The Compensation Committee also considers the success of each executive officer in developing and executing our strategic plans, exercising leadership and creating stockholder value. In determining 2017 base salaries for our Named Executive Officers, our Compensation Committee analyzed base salary information of the Comparable Companies contained in a report prepared by PM. Although the Compensation Committee periodically considers information from REIT industry and other compensation surveys, it places primary emphasis on publicly-available data from the Comparable Companies’ proxy statements and other SEC filings, which is more detailed by individual executive officer position than the data typically provided in compensation surveys. For 2017, as part of an overall strategy to bring our Named Executive Officers’ total direct compensation opportunities approximately to the median of our peer group, our Compensation Board Members approved the following base salary levels for our Named Executive Officers: Base Salary Year-Over-Year 2016 2017 % Change Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 0% Robert F. Probst 592,000 615,000 3.9% Todd W. Lillibridge 494,000 510,000 3.2% T. Richard Riney 541,000 560,000 3.5% John D. Cobb 541,000 605,000 11.8% 2018   Proxy Statement 34 Table of Contents At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s 2017 base salary to continue to be within the competitive range given each individual’s unique skills, expertise and individual contributions. Mr. Cobb received a larger increase based on his outstanding performance with respect to critical strategic transactions and an increase in his aggregate responsibilities within the Company, and as a result of a change in his compensation benchmarking position-matching to more accurately reflect his role within the Company. For the second consecutive year, the Compensation Board Members did not adjust Ms. Cafaro’s base salary in 2017. For 2018, our Compensation Board Members approved the following base salary increases for certain of our Named Executive Officers: Base Salary Year-Over-Year 2017 2018 % Change Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,075,000 $ 1,075,000 0% Robert F. Probst 615,000 627,300 2.0% Todd W. Lillibridge 510,000 510,000 0% T. Richard Riney 560,000 571,200 2.0% John D. Cobb 605,000 626,175 3.5% At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s base salary to be within the competitive range given each individual’s unique skills, expertise and individual contributions. For the third consecutive year, the Compensation Board Members did not adjust Ms. Cafaro’s base salary in 2018, meaning that her base salary has remained flat since 2015. Annual Cash Incentive Compensation — Opportunities, Measures and Actual Performance We provide our Named Executive Officers with an annual opportunity to earn cash incentive awards for the achievement of pre-established company financial goals and tailored individual objectives. At the beginning of each performance year, our Compensation Board Members approve specific performance measures, goals and weightings and an award opportunity range (expressed as multiples of base salary and corresponding to threshold, target and maximum levels of performance) for each Named Executive Officer. Cash incentive awards granted to our Named Executive Officers for 2017 performance were earned between the target and maximum levels, ranging from 107% to 149% of their respective target award opportunities. We achieved between target and maximum performance for normalized FFO, exceeded maximum performance with respect to fixed charge coverage and exceeded maximum performance with respect to liquidity coverage ratio (each goal as further described below) that together accounted for 65% of the award opportunity (or 35% in the case of Mr. Lillibridge). Performance with respect to MOB operations financial metrics, which accounted for 40% of Mr. Lillibridge’s 2017 annual cash incentive award opportunity, finished between threshold and target for this portion of his award. With respect to the tailored individual objectives that accounted for the remaining 35% of the award opportunity (or 25% in the case of Mr. Lillibridge), our Compensation Board Members determined that each Named Executive Officer achieved above target performance, in recognition of each Named Executive Officers’ achievement of his or her tailored individual goals and contribution to our success. 2018   Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents 2017 Award Opportunities . In January 2017, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2017 annual cash incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers. The 2017 annual cash incentive award opportunities for all of our Named Executive Officers remained unchanged from 2016 opportunities. Ms. Cafaro’s annual cash incentive opportunity structure has greater leverage and a wider range of outcomes than the structures of our other Named Executive Officers in support of the view that the Chief Executive Officer’s compensation should be more strongly aligned with stockholders than our other executive officers. Performance Measures and Results . Below is a summary of the annual cash incentive plan measures and goals approved by our Compensation Board Members, the relative weighting for each performance measure, the reasons why we consider each performance measure to be an important component of our pay-for-performance philosophy, and our results with respect to those measures. Consistent with our compensation philosophy, the 2017 annual cash incentive plan measures and goals were determined taking into consideration our strategic plan and were designed to be challenging, but balanced and also discourage excessive risk-taking. Although these performance measures focus on shorter-term results, they have a counterbalancing effect on each other. They incentivize our Named Executive Officers to effectively meet rapidly changing market and business conditions and make appropriate business adjustments that benefit the long-term interests of our stockholders. 2018   Proxy Statement 36 Table of Contents In the first quarter of the year following the performance year, each Named Executive Officer’s performance is carefully evaluated with respect to the applicable pre-established measures and goals to determine the earned value of the individual’s annual cash incentive award, if any, within the established award opportunity range. Normalized FFO Per Share Normalized FFO per share, excluding non-cash items, for the year ended December 31, 2017 Weighting: 40% (22% for Mr. Lillibridge) Goals: Threshold $4.10 Target $4.15 Maximum $4.20 Why does this measure matter? FFO is a common measure of operating performance for REITs because it excludes, among other items, the effect of gains and losses from real estate sales and real estate depreciation and amortization to allow investors, analysts and management to compare operating performance among companies and across time periods on a consistent basis. A REIT’s FFO can have a significant impact on the trading price of its common stock and, therefore, its TSR. Normalized FFO is the main measure the Company uses in its publicly-reported earnings and is defined as FFO excluding certain items, such as non-cash income tax items and deal costs/expenses. The maximum performance goal represented a 2% increase over 2016 normalized FFO per share, which the Committee believes is appropriately challenging in the current economic and interest rate environment for healthcare REITs. In setting the threshold, target and maximum performance levels, the Committee considers the Company’s business model, growth rates of peers, size, and the asset classes in which it operates, as well as the desired tradeoffs between growth in FFO per share and maintaining a low risk profile through sound investments. Result: Between Target and Maximum Performance. Our year-over-year normalized FFO per diluted share was $4.16. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals was largely due to actions led by our Named Executive Officers, principally our accretive investments and improved property performance, partially offset by the impact of dispositions and loan repayments, higher rates on refinanced debt and lower profits and fees from beneficial transactions. We were the only large-cap diversified healthcare REIT to achieve year-over-year FFO per share growth in 2017. 2018   Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents Fixed Charge Coverage (Year End) Fixed charge coverage ratio as of December 31, 2017 Weighting: 10% (5% for Mr. Lillibridge) Goals: Threshold 3.50x Target 3.75x Maximum 4.00x Why does this measure matter? Fixed charge coverage ratio reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt obligations and continue to pay or increase our dividend. A strong ratio of EBITDA-generation compared to fixed payment obligations—one element of our comprehensive risk management program—is especially important for REITs, which are dividend-paying and required to distribute to stockholders a substantial portion of their annual taxable net income. By maintaining a high fixed charge coverage ratio, we are able to preserve and enhance stockholder value. Even if our EBITDA declines in times of economic cycles or other impacts to our cash flows, high fixed charge coverage of cash flow to fixed obligations should enable us to generate sufficient free cash flow to meet our fixed obligations such as principal and interest payments and at the same time be able to maintain and even increase our dividend, which is an important component of our value proposition (total return) to stockholders. Strong fixed charge coverage also enables us to maintain a strong BBB or better credit rating, which enhances our cost of capital (a critical component of our continued investment strategy) and provides us with more consistent access to the debt capital markets even during periods of capital market disruption. We take a balanced approach to fixed charge coverage by maintaining a strong coverage ratio, while avoiding suboptimal capitalization from an unnecessarily high ratio. Result: Exceeded Maximum Performance Goal. As of December 31, 2017, our fixed charge coverage ratio was 4.6x. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals was largely due to actions led by our Named Executive Officers, including efficient capital markets execution, effective management of sources and uses, hedging strategies and disciplined and consistent balance sheet management. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (Year End) Liquidity coverage ratio as of December 31, 2017 Weighting: 15% (8% for Mr. Lillibridge) Goals: Threshold 1.25x Target 1.50x Maximum 1.75x Why does this measure matter? Liquidity coverage ratio was added as a metric for 2017 to further incentivize the Company to increase its sources of capital, to position the Company to succeed in a period of greater market uncertainty and volatility and to promote continued responsible FFO growth with an eye towards risk mitigation. More liquidity protects stockholder value and enables opportunistic value-creating activities. This metric is also consistent with how credit rating agencies evaluate our business and therefore illustrates our continued commitment to focus on creditworthiness. Result: Exceeded Maximum Performance Goal. As of December 31, 2017, our liquidity coverage ratio was 2.0x. The variance between our actual results and our pre-established goals was largely due to actions led by our Named 2018   Proxy Statement 38 Table of Contents Executive Officers, including innovative structuring of debt facilities, as well as generation of sources that exceeded uses. Because market conditions were favorable in 2017, the Company secured additional liquidity sources and therefore exceeded the maximum goal. Lillibridge Financial Performance (Year End) Same-Store Cash NOI, Same-Store Occupancy and Bad Debt for the year ended December 31, 2017 Weighting: 40% (for Mr. Lillibridge only) Goals:* Measure Achievement Goal Weighting Same-Store MOB Cash NOI (based   on a specific definition and pool of assets) Threshold 1.6% 50% (20% of   overall) Target 2.35% Maximum 3.1% Same-Store Occupancy (based on a specific pool of assets) Threshold 91.7% 35% (14% of   overall) Target 92.2% Maximum 92.7% Bad Debt Threshold $3.25 million 15% (6% of   overall) Target $2.5 million Maximum $1.75 million * These goals were established for certain pools of assets and used certain definitions in place on January 1, 2017; they may differ from same-store pools of assets based on asset sales and intended sales, and/or market definitions. Why do these measures matter? Same-Store MOB Cash NOI and Same-Store Occupancy are important measures of the MOB business’s ability to generate internal organic growth and maximize the productivity of these assets. Bad Debt is an important measure of cash flow and credit quality in the tenant base. Result: Between Threshold and Target on a Combined Basis. As of December 31, 2017, Lillibridge achieved (i) same-store cash NOI of 2.0%, which was between the threshold and target levels, (ii) same-store occupancy of 91.8%, which was slightly above the threshold level and (iii) bad debt of $2.95 million, which was between the threshold and target levels. Individual Performance Individual performance under management objectives established for each Named Executive Officer Weighting: 35% (25% for Mr. Lillibridge) Goals: Individual objectives relate to areas of special emphasis within the executive’s particular responsibilities and duties, such as achieving certain cost, NOI or revenue targets, or achieving other extraordinary or unusual accomplishments or contributions, in light of our business risk environment. Why does this measure matter? A review of each Named Executive Officer’s annual accomplishments enables our Compensation Board Members to evaluate the specific contributions of the Named Executive Officer to our success and more closely link pay to performance. 2018   Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents Result: Between Target and Maximum Performance. Each of our Named Executive Officers achieved between target and maximum performance with respect to his or her tailored individual objectives. The significant accomplishments considered by our Compensation Board Members in determining the individual performance component of our Named Executive Officers’ 2017 annual cash incentive awards are summarized below. Name Accomplishments Debra A. Cafaro ü Delivered financial results at the high end of the Company’s   original guidance, including strong 2.5% same-store cash NOI growth,   achieving record $3.6 billion revenue and $2.1 billion NOI and 5% growth in   net cash provided by operating activities, up to a record number, while   continuing to strengthen our balance sheet by maintaining our excellent   leverage and improving our liquidity by $1.4 billion, ending the year at 5.7x   net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA and 4.6x fixed charge coverage. ü Spearheaded and developed and executed strategy for making and   committing to $1.8 billion of attractive, value-creating investments,   including funding (i) the continued growth in our university-based life   sciences and innovation business with significant developments and   acquisitions (grown by 37% since inception with a strong pipeline of   opportunities), (ii) Ardent Health Services’ successful acquisition of   LHP Hospital Group and (iii) selective SHOP and MOB development and   redevelopment deals. ü Oversaw and accelerated our strategic and highly profitable   disposition program, closing greater than $900 million in profitable   dispositions and receipt of timely loan repayments in 2017 and recognizing   greater than $700 million in gains, including substantially exiting the   skilled nursing business through disposal of more than $700 million in   skilled nursing assets. ü Led completion of $4.5 billion in efficient long-term capital   raises, including more than $1 billion in long-term debt at attractive rates,   an upsized and extended revolving credit facility with $3 billion in   borrowing capacity at improved pricing and a $400 million revolving   construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening development   pipeline. ü Drove delivery of 0.7% TSR in 2017 outperforming the three   large-cap diversified healthcare REITs in 2017 and our TSR ranked first in   this group for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods ended   December 31, 2017 (as well as since 2000). ü Developing and implementing smooth MOB leadership transition   process to ensure continued excellence in our MOB portfolio. ü Successful negotiation of collaborative and mutually beneficial   arrangements with our leading operators. ü Significantly enhanced our ESG efforts and profile, including   being identified as a “Winning Company” in the 2020 Women on Boards Gender   Diversity Index and a “Corporate Champion” by the Women’s Forum of New York   for having an industry-leading 30% female Board of Directors, inclusion in   the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (attaining top quartile results across ESG   metrics among all North American Real Estate companies), achieving the #1   rank among public Healthcare REITs in the 2017 GRESB Real Estate Assessment   on Sustainability and representation in the FTSE4GOOD Sustainability Index   Series and MSCI Global Sustainability Index. ü Earned numerous prestigious recognitions, including being named   one of the 100 Most Powerful Women in the World by Forbes (second consecutive   year), Top 100 CEOs in the World by the Harvard Business Review (only 2 women   and 1 of only 23 named four consecutive years), 100 Most Influential People   in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare and one of National Real Estate Investors’   leading female CEOs in commercial real estate. Robert F. Probst ü Drove strong financial results, finishing at the high end of the   Company’s original guidance, including strong 2.5% same-store cash NOI   growth, while continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. ü Developed and executed $4.5 billion in efficient long-term   capital raises, including more than $1 billion in long-term debt at   attractive rates, an upsized and extended revolving credit facility with $3   billion in borrowing capacity at improved pricing and a $400 million   revolving construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening   development pipeline. ü Built enhanced and reshaped Finance function, successfully   integrating our Accounting and Treasury teams. ü Sharpened investor messaging and expanded investor relations   efforts through non-deal roadshows, specialized line of business investor   education and asset tours. ü Streamlined financial reporting and controls processes and   improved organizational efficiency. ü Met and exceeded liquidity and leverage targets via active   balance sheet and cash flow management. 2018   Proxy Statement 40 Table of Contents Todd W. Lillibridge ü Effectively managed our growing MOB portfolio while efficiently   controlling operating expenses. ü Enhanced operating platform through implementing best-in-class   systems, tools and processes to increase operating efficiency and employee   satisfaction. ü Achieved significant cost savings via insourcing. ü Improved collections process through use of comprehensive credit   assessment tools and enhanced policies. ü Active role in ensuring smooth and successful transition to new   MOB leadership in anticipation of his announced retirement. T. Richard Riney ü Expertly led and managed all legal aspects of investments,   divestitures and collaborative and mutually beneficial arrangements with our   leading operators. ü Provided excellent leadership of our triple-net lease business,   drove superior same-store cash NOI growth and optimized same-store cash flow   growth. ü Enhanced risk management through key improvements to our   policies and procedures, including leadership of our improved enterprise risk   management program at the Board level. ü Improved cross-departmental collaboration to achieve   efficiencies and cost savings and enhanced training opportunities. ü Developed and implemented efficient organizational realignment   of our triple-net and SHOP asset management teams. ü Continued to enhance and drive our customer-focused initiatives. John D. Cobb ü Led team through $1.8 billion in attractive, value-creating   investments. ü Effective oversight and management of $1.4 billion in   development and redevelopment activity across all asset classes, including   continued growth in our university-based life sciences and innovation   business with significant developments and acquisitions (grown by 37% since   inception with a strong pipeline of opportunities). ü Optimized disposition process and completed greater than $900   million of highly profitable dispositions in 2017. ü Key role in negotiating mutually beneficial arrangements with   our leading operators to protect shareholder value and foster positive   customer relationships. ü Improved collaboration between internal teams to optimize   investment strategies and harmonize customer-focused initiatives. ü Enhanced brand awareness through meetings, conferences and   industry events. Earned Awards . Based on the performance summarized above, in January 2018, our Compensation Board Members approved 2017 cash incentive awards between the target and maximum levels, ranging from 107% to 149% of our Named Executive Officers’ respective target award opportunities, as set forth in the table below: Named   Executive Officer Threshold   Opportunity Target Opportunity Maximum Opportunity Actual Payout Debra A. Cafaro $ 1,290,000 $ 2,150,000 $ 3,870,000 $ 3,199,200 Robert F. Probst 768,750 1,076,250 1,537,500 1,357,613 Todd W. Lillibridge 637,500 892,500 1,275,000 956,302 T. Richard Riney 700,000 980,000 1,400,000 1,221,500 John D. Cobb 756,250 1,058,750 1,512,500 1,335,538 The dollar value of each Named Executive Officer’s award is set forth in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the 2017 Summary Compensation Table. 2018 Award Opportunities . In December 2017, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2018 annual cash incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers. The 2018 annual cash incentive award opportunities as a percentage of base salary for all Named Executive Officers remained unchanged from 2017 opportunities. Our Compensation Board Members also approved one change to the performance goals for the 2018 annual cash incentive award program as compared to 2017, replacing the liquidity coverage ratio goal with a debt repayment or refinancing goal, consistent with our strategic plan for 2018 to mitigate interest rate risk, refinancing risk and extend debt maturities. All annual cash incentive award weightings remained the same for 2018 (including debt repayment or refinancing at 15%). 2018   Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation — Opportunities, Measures and Performance Our Compensation Committee believes that a substantial portion of each Named Executive Officer’s compensation should be in the form of long-term equity incentive compensation. While the annual cash incentive plan rewards management actions that positively impact short- and mid-term performance, equity incentive awards encourage management to create and sustain stockholder value over longer periods because their value is directly attributable to changes in the price of our common stock over time. In addition, equity awards promote management retention because their full value cannot be realized until vesting occurs, which generally requires continued employment for multiple years. At the beginning of each performance year, our Compensation Board Members approve specific performance measures, goals and weightings and an award opportunity range (expressed as multiples of base salary and corresponding to threshold, target and maximum levels of performance) for each Named Executive Officer. 2017 Forward-Looking Awards: Responsive Redesign of Long-Term Incentive Compensation In response to our 2016 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation and our Compensation Committee Chairman’s conversations with a significant number of our largest investors, we carefully considered constructive feedback on our executive compensation program and corporate governance provided to us by our largest stockholders and redesigned our long-term incentive compensation program, beginning with the 2017-2019 performance period. This new program responds directly to the feedback provided by investors in our stockholder engagement process and further emphasizes our commitment to aligning pay and performance, retaining and motivating talented executives and rewarding superior performance without incentivizing undue risk-taking. In addition, the new program is consistent with our overall strategy of targeting the total direct compensation of our Named Executive Officers at approximately the market median, subject to adjustment based on the unique skills, expertise and individual contributions of each Named Executive Officer. The key features of the new 2017 program are summarized below. 2018   Proxy Statement 42 Table of Contents 2018   Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents ü Forward-Looking Rather than Retrospective. The new 2017 long-term incentive compensation program is prospective instead of retrospective. Performance-based awards will be earned at a higher or lower level (including zero payout) based on future performance, rather than being granted following the satisfaction of specified performance goals. ü Removal of Qualitative or Discretionary Goals. Consistent with investor feedback, qualitative or discretionary goals, which comprised 50% of the award opportunity under the prior program, have been completely eliminated. ü Longer Measurement Period. We have removed all one-year performance periods and moved to all three-year performance periods for performance-based awards. ü Increase in Performance-Based Component. Under the new 2017 program, the aggregate target award value for each Named Executive Officer is allocated such that 60% of the value is performance-based, in the form of pRSUs and 40% of the value is time-based RSUs. ü Balanced Mix of Performance Metrics; Increase in Relative TSR Metric Weighting. Ø 42.5% of the overall award opportunity under the new 2017 program (and 70.8% of the pRSU award component) may be earned based on two relative TSR metrics (whereas previously, relative TSR metrics were weighted 35% overall). Ø Consistent with our investors’ strong preference for the maintenance of a risk mitigation metric, 17.5% of the overall award opportunity (and 29.2% of the pRSU component) may be earned based on the three-year average of the ratio of the Company’s net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA. ü Elimination of Stock Option Component; Longer Time-Based Vesting Period. Stock options have been completely eliminated under the new 2017 program. Time-based RSUs will vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date to promote retention, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment with the Company on each such date. Unlike the prior program, no portion of the RSUs will be vested as of the grant date. ü Double-Trigger Vesting. All awards granted under the new 2017 program are subject to double-trigger vesting upon the consummation of a change of control. ü Dividends Paid on pRSUs when Earned, if at All. Dividend equivalents are accrued and paid on our Named Executive Officers’ pRSUs if and to the extent pRSUs are earned based on performance during the applicable performance period, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment through the end of the applicable performance period. Performance Goals. For 2017, pRSUs may be earned, if it all, based on the Company’s three-year performance from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2019 in relation to the following three performance goals. Three Year Relative TSR Compared to the MSCI REIT Index Our TSR for the three-year period ending December 31, 2019 relative to the TSR of the MSCI REIT Index for the same period Weighting: 41.7% of pRSU Component (25% of Overall Award Opportunity) Goals: Below Threshold (No Payout) Below -   500 basis points Threshold - 500   basis points Target Equal to   Index Maximum + 500   basis points 2018   Proxy Statement 44 Table of Contents Why does this measure matter? TSR is the most direct measure of our creation and preservation of stockholder value. The MSCI REIT Index is comprised of small, mid and large cap REITs across a diverse set of industries and therefore represents an appropriate index against which we should compare our long-term TSR performance and reward our Named Executive Officers for superior performance. Three Year Relative TSR Compared to the FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index Our TSR for the three-year period ending December 31, 2019 relative to the TSR of the FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index for the same period Weighting: 29.2% of pRSU Component (17.5% of Overall Award Opportunity) Goals: Below Threshold (No Payout) Below -   500 basis points Threshold - 500   basis points Target Equal to   Index Maximum + 500   basis points Why does this measure matter? TSR is the most direct measure of our creation and preservation of stockholder value. The FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index is comprised of all healthcare REITs and therefore represents an appropriate index against which we should compare our long-term TSR performance and reward our Named Executive Officers for superior performance. Three Year Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA for the three-year period ending December 31, 2019 (Simple Average of 12 Quarter-Ends) Weighting: 29.2% of pRSU Component (17.5% of Overall Award Opportunity) Why does this measure matter? Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow earnings to meet our debt obligations. Our commitment to financial strength and flexibility—of which Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA is a key measure and an important element of our comprehensive risk management program—is especially important for REITs, which are required to distribute to stockholders a substantial portion of their annual taxable net income. By maintaining such financial strength, we are able to preserve and enhance stockholder value. First, during recessionary economic cycles or other impacts to our EBITDA, a strong Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA enables us to weather downturns and continue to meet our debt obligations without impairing stockholder capital through dilutive equity offerings or distressed asset sales. In addition, this financial strength enables us to create stockholder value by enabling us to be opportunistic as we continue to execute on our acquisition and investment strategy. It also enables us to maintain a strong BBB or better credit rating, which enhances our cost of capital (a critical component of our continued investment strategy) and provides us with more consistent access to the debt capital markets even during periods of capital market disruption. We seek to maintain a strong Normalized Reported Net Debt to EBITDA ratio, while avoiding suboptimal capitalization from an unnecessarily low ratio. This measure is balanced with our normalized FFO/share growth metric to incent prudent growth while managing risk. Form and Amount of Awards. For 2017 only, following our transition to a forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan, our long-term equity incentive plan consisted of three components: (i) pRSUs, which comprise 60% of the regular award opportunity, (ii) time-based RSUs, which comprise 40% of the regular award opportunity and (iii) one-time transition awards in the form of time-based RSUs, which were granted to certain of our Named Executive Officers to partially mitigate the impact of a reduction in the realized pay for our Named Executive Officers in 2018 and 2019 resulting from the transition from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a forward-looking plan. In accordance with SEC reporting rules, the dollar value of each Named Executive Officer’s first forward-looking equity awards is reported as 2017 compensation in the “Stock Awards” columns of the 2017 Summary 2018   Proxy Statement 45 Table of Contents Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement (including pRSU awards reported at the Target level), even though (i) the awards, if earned at all, may vest at a higher or lower amount (including zero for below threshold performance) and the stock price may vary at vesting from the grant date price and (ii) the relevant performance period for pRSUs will conclude at the end of 2019 and no portion of the time-based RSUs or transition awards vested in 2017. The 2017 Summary Compensation Table figures also include the one-time transition awards and the final backward-looking equity awards earned based on 2016 performance. pRSUs The range of pRSU payouts is 0% - 220% of target for Ms. Cafaro and 0% - 180% for the other Named Executive Officers. Ms. Cafaro received pRSUs with a target award opportunity of 434% of her base salary with threshold and maximum award opportunities of 33% of target and 220% of target, respectively. Each Named Executive Officer other than Ms. Cafaro received pRSUs with target award opportunities ranging from 200% - 250% of their base salaries, with threshold and maximum award opportunities of 40% of target and 180% of target, respectively. The table below sets forth each Named Executive Officer’s award opportunity, which was determined by dividing the award dollar amount approved by our Compensation Board Members by the closing price of our stock on the grant date: Named   Executive Officer Threshold pRSUs Target pRSUs Maximum pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro 24,509 74,975 164,657 Robert F. Probst 9,884 24,710 44,479 Todd W. Lillibridge 6,557 16,393 29,508 T. Richard Riney 7,200 18,000 32,401 John D. Cobb 9,723 24,308 43,756 These awards will be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2019 in relation to the preestablished performance goals described above. Dividends will be accrued on pRSU awards and will be paid if and to the extent pRSUs are earned and ultimately pay out to award recipients. These pRSUs are intended to reward long-term performance, strengthen our pay for performance linkage with our stockholders and enhance retention of our Named Executive Officers. Time-Based RSUs The grant date value of the time-based RSU component was equal to 289% of Ms. Cafaro’s base salary and ranged from 144% to 170% of each other Named Executive Officer’s base salary. Named   Executive Officer Time-Based RSUs Debra A. Cafaro 49,983 Robert F. Probst 16,803 Todd W. Lillibridge 11,803 T. Richard Riney 12,960 John D. Cobb 16,530 One third of the time-based RSUs will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment with the Company on each such date. These time-based awards are intended to enhance retention among our Named Executive Officers. Dividends are paid on time-based awards in the same manner as paid to all of our stockholders. Transition Awards As a transition between our prior and new 2017 long-term equity incentive programs and to partially mitigate the impact of a reduction in the realized pay for our Named Executive Officers in 2018 and 2019 resulting from the transition from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a forward-looking plan because the new forward-looking awards do not pay out, if at all, until 2020, certain of our Named Executive Officers received one-time RSU transition awards. Ms. Cafaro received a one-time RSU transition award grant equal to approximately 51% of the value of her regular target annual long-term equity incentive award under the redesigned plan. Messrs. Probst, Cobb and Riney 2018   Proxy Statement 46 Table of Contents received one-time RSU transition award grants ranging from 57% to 59% of the value of each individual’s regular target annual long-term equity incentive award under the redesigned plan. Named   Executive Officer Transition RSUs Debra A. Cafaro 64,288 Robert F. Probst 24,108 Todd W. Lillibridge — T. Richard Riney 17,679 John D. Cobb 24,108 One third of the RSUs will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining two thirds will vest on the second anniversary of the grant date, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment with the Company on each such date. Dividends are paid on time-based transition awards in the same manner as paid to all of our stockholders. These one-time transition awards were designed to partially mitigate the equity vesting gap that will occur in 2018 and 2019 as a result of our transition to a forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan and to enhance retention among certain of our Named Executive Officers, while carefully managing the overall level of our equity awards to be responsive to our investors and ensure continued pay for performance alignment in accordance with our compensation philosophy. The Compensation Committee does not view these awards as a continuing feature of the long-term incentive plan and has no plans to implement similar awards in the future. 2017 Awards Earned Based on 2016 Performance As previously noted, the Company switched from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a forward-looking plan in January 2017. Because the final 2016 backward-looking equity grant (already earned based on 2016 performance but paid in 2017) and the first 2017 forward-looking equity grant (may be earned, if at all, based on 2017-2019 performance) were granted in 2017—regardless of the performance period or year of vesting—SEC disclosure rules require us to report both awards in this year’s Summary Compensation Table. Award Opportunities. In December 2015, our Compensation Board Members approved the 2016 long-term equity incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers. The 2016 long-term equity incentive award opportunities for Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst, Riney and Cobb remained unchanged from their opportunities as of the end of 2015. Mr. Lillibridge received an increase to his long-term equity incentive award opportunity by 75 basis points at each of the threshold (from 200% to 275%), target (from 275% to 350%) and maximum (from 350% to 425%) levels, effective as of January 1, 2016, as part of an overall strategy to target total direct compensation at approximately the market median and to provide attractive variable incentive compensation opportunities for outperformance. Each Named Executive Officer’s 2016 target total direct compensation was positioned near or slightly below the market median of the Comparable Companies. Ms. Cafaro’s long-term equity incentive structure has greater leverage and a wider range of outcomes than the structures of our other Named Executive Officers in support of the view that our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation should be even more closely aligned with stockholders than our other executive officers. Results and Award Amounts. Long-term equity incentive awards granted in the form of restricted stock (60% of award) and stock options (40% of award) to our Named Executive Officers in 2017 for 2016 performance ranged from 116% to 137% of our Named Executive Officers’ respective target award opportunities, as set forth in the following table: Named Executive Officer Threshold   Opportunity Target Opportunity Maximum Opportunity Actual Payout Debra A. Cafaro $ 4,300,000 $ 6,450,000 $ 9,137,500 $ 8,825,719 Robert F. Probst 1,628,000 2,072,000 2,516,000 2,434,881 Todd W. Lillibridge 1,358,500 1,729,000 2,099,500 2,002,152 T. Richard Riney 1,487,750 1,893,500 2,299,250 2,225,105 John D. Cobb 1,487,750 1,893,500 2,299,250 2,265,661 With respect to our goals measured as of December 31, 2016, we achieved maximum performance with respect to our one-year relative TSR of 18.1% (15% of award opportunity) and Net Debt to EBITDA of 5.7x (15% of award 2018   Proxy Statement 47 Table of Contents opportunity) goals and between target and maximum performance with respect to our three-year relative TSR of 12.5% (20% of award opportunity). We also achieved between target and maximum performance with respect to the qualitative evaluation of our performance with respect to the financial, operational and strategic objectives that accounted for the remaining 50% of the award opportunity. The restricted stock and stock option awards vest in equal one-third annual installments beginning on the date of grant. In accordance with SEC reporting rules, the dollar value of each Named Executive Officer’s equity award for 2016 performance is reported as 2017 compensation in the “Stock Awards” and “Option Awards” columns of the 2017 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement, even though the relevant performance period concluded at the end of 2016 and two-thirds of the earned awards remained unvested at the end of 2017. Recurring CEO   compensation is substantially lower than reflected in the 2017 Summary   Compensation Table because SEC rules require us to report all equity   grants made in 2017, including the final 2016 “backward-looking” equity grant   and the non-recurring transition awards. For 2017, target CEO total direct   compensation is $11.3 million on a recurring, normalized basis. 2018 Award Opportunities . In December 2017, our Compensation Board Members approved the long-term equity incentive award opportunities for the January 1, 2018 – December 31, 2020 performance period for our Named Executive Officers. The long-term equity incentive award opportunities changed slightly from the 2017 opportunities, as shown in the table below: Named   Executive Officer 2017 Total Award   Opportunity 2018 Total Award   Opportunity Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Debra A. Cafaro $ 4,635,000 $ 7,775,000 $ 13,355,000 $ 4,635,000 $ 8,305,000 $ 13,355,000 Robert F. Probst 1,660,500 2,583,000 3,813,000 1,787,805 2,979,675 4,416,192 Todd W. Lillibridge 1,142,400 1,754,400 2,570,400 — — — T. Richard Riney 1,254,400 1,926,400 2,822,400 1,285,200 2,142,000 3,170,160 John D. Cobb 1,633,500 2,541,000 3,751,000 1,784,599 2,974,331 4,408,272 These changes to the long-term equity incentive award opportunities for our Named Executive Officers were made following our annual benchmarking review. At these levels, the Compensation Board Members considered each Named Executive Officer’s long-term equity incentive award opportunities to be within the competitive range given each individual’s unique skills, expertise and individual contributions. Mr. Lillibridge is not eligible to receive an equity award in 2018 due to his retirement from the Company. The performance goals for the long-term equity incentive award program remained unchanged for 2018 but the weightings were slightly altered to provide consistency across the relative TSR metrics. TSR relative to the MSCI REIT Index changed from 25% to 22%, TSR relative to the FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index was increased from 17.5% to 22% and three-year normalized reported net debt to EBITDA was reduced from 17.5% to 16%. Other Benefits and Perquisites Our executive compensation program focuses on the elements described above, with extremely limited provision of perquisites. Our Named Executive Officers are generally eligible to participate in the same benefit programs that we offer to other employees, which in 2017 included the following: ü health, dental and vision insurance (of which we paid 90% of the   premium in 2017); ü short-term disability, long-term disability and life insurance   coverage (at no cost to the employee); and ü participation in a 401(k) plan (to which we made matching   contributions up to 3.5% of the employee’s base salary, up to the federal   limit, in 2017). We believe these benefits are competitive with overall market practices. In addition, we provide certain limited perquisites and other benefits to attract and retain superior employees for key positions. The only benefit provided to our Named Executive Officers in 2017 that was not otherwise available to all employees consisted of legacy supplemental 2018   Proxy Statement 48 Table of Contents disability and life insurance coverage, including reimbursement for taxes relating to that life insurance coverage, for Ms. Cafaro. Our Compensation Committee periodically reviews the perquisites and other personal benefits provided to each Named Executive Officer and has determined that they are consistent with current market practice. Except for the eligibility to participate in, and our matching contributions to, the 401(k) plan, as described above, we do not provide our Named Executive Officers with any retirement benefits. Severance Benefits Our Named Executive Officers are entitled to receive severance benefits under existing agreements upon certain qualifying terminations of employment (subject to any required payment delay pursuant to Section 409A of the Code). Generally, these severance arrangements support executive retention and continuity of management and provide replacement income if an executive is terminated involuntarily other than for cause. None of our executive officers are entitled to severance benefits solely upon a change of control of our company. Moreover, our Chief Executive Officer is not entitled to any tax gross-ups with respect to payments made in connection with a change of control. Although a long-standing legacy arrangement with Mr. Riney provides a tax gross-up with respect to payments made in connection with a change of control, no such gross-up payment would have been payable to him under the scenarios and assumptions presented under “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control” in this Proxy Statement. At the time we entered into this arrangement with Mr. Riney, our Compensation Committee considered the potential severance benefits, including any potential tax gross-up, to be necessary to attract and retain Mr. Riney and, based on the market compensation analyses of the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, to be consistent with then-current competitive market practices. Our Employee Protection and Non-Competition Agreements with Messrs. Probst, Lillibridge and Cobb do not provide for any tax gross-up payments in connection with a change of control. In 2013, consistent with our commitment to strong corporate governance and responsiveness to our stockholders, our Board adopted a policy against tax gross-up arrangements, which formalized our existing practice of not entering into new tax gross-up arrangements with our executive officers. Tax Considerations Section 162(m) of the Code generally places a limit of $1 million on the amount of compensation that we may deduct in any year with respect to certain covered executive officers. Although we consider the impact of Section 162(m), as well as other tax and accounting consequences, when developing and implementing our executive compensation programs, our Compensation Committee retains flexibility to make compensation decisions that do not meet the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m) when it considers it appropriate or necessary to do so. In addition, due to ambiguities and uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of Section 162(m) of the Code, no assurances can be given that compensation would satisfy the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m), even if intended to do so. Accordingly, our Compensation Committee may approve compensation that exceeds the $1 million limit or does not otherwise meet the requirements of Section 162(m). Voluntary Adoption of Proxy Access In January 2017, our Board voluntarily amended and restated our bylaws to add a proxy access bylaw. Subject to certain requirements, a stockholder, or group of up to 20 stockholders, owning three percent or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate and require us to include in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders director candidates constituting up to 20% of the Board, rounding down to the nearest whole number, but not less than two directors. Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers Our minimum share ownership guidelines require each executive officer to maintain a minimum equity investment in our company based upon a multiple (six times, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, up from five times prior to January 2017, and three times, in the case of all other executive officers) of his or her base salary at the time his or her compliance with the guidelines is evaluated. Each executive officer must achieve the minimum equity investment within five years from the date he or she first becomes subject to the guidelines and, until that time, must retain at least 60% of the shares of our common stock granted to the executive officer or purchased by the executive officer through the exercise of stock options. The independent members of our Board annually review each executive officer’s compliance with the guidelines as of July 1. All of our executive officers are currently in compliance with the minimum share ownership guidelines. Except as described above, our minimum share ownership guidelines and our 2012 Incentive Plan do not 2018   Proxy Statement 49 Table of Contents specify a minimum holding period for stock options, restricted stock or other equity grants. Recoupment Policy The Board has adopted a Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation that allows us to recapture amounts paid to our executive officers under certain circumstances. Under this policy, our Compensation Committee may require an executive officer to repay all or a portion of any excess cash or equity incentive compensation he or she received during the preceding three-year period if the incentive compensation was based on achieving certain financial results that were later required to be restated due to our material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement. Following the SEC’s adoption of final rules regarding executive compensation recoupment policies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, we will review our recoupment policy and make any changes necessary to comply with the final rules. Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors, executive officers and employees from engaging in derivative and other hedging transactions in our securities and restricts our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise pledging our securities to secure loans without the approval of our Audit Committee. No executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in margin accounts at any time during 2017. 2018   Proxy Statement 50 Table of Contents Compensation Tables 2017 Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, each of our Named Executive Officers during 2017, 2016 and 2015, which includes equity incentive awards granted in each such year that were earned for performance in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Recurring CEO   compensation is substantially lower than reflected in the 2017 Summary   Compensation Table because SEC rules require us to report all equity   grants made in 2017, including the final 2016 “backward-looking” equity grant   and the non-recurring transition awards. For 2017, target CEO total direct   compensation is $11.3 million on a recurring, normalized basis. For more information regarding the total direct compensation earned by our Named Executive Officers for 2017 performance, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Executive Summary” above. Name and Principal   Position Year Salary ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) Option Awards(1) ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (2) ($) All Other Compensation (3) ($) Total ($) Debra A. Cafaro Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive   Officer 2017 $1,075,000 $ 17,385,196 $ 3,530,299 $ 3,199,200 $ 64,912 $ 25,254,607 2016 1,075,000 2,918,592 2,415,093 3,196,190 61,148 9,666,023 2015 1,075,000 4,353,197 1,865,572 3,569,000 60,941 10,923,710 Robert F. Probst 2017 615,000 5,647,649 973,955 1,357,613 10,080 8,604,297 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   Officer 2016 592,000 791,466 654,928 1,289,228 9,369 3,336,991 2015 575,000 300,512 128,823 1,337,249 9,379 2,350,963 Todd W. Lillibridge Executive Vice President, Medical Property   Operations; President and Chief Executive Officer, Lillibridge Healthcare   Services, Inc. 2017 2016 2015 510,000 494,000 479,900 3,024,492 572,272 837,455 800,870 473,548 358,902 956,302 864,369 738,801 12,222 9,369 11,059 5,303,886 2,413,558 2,426,117 T. Richard Riney Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative   Officer, General Counsel and Ethics and Compliance Officer 2017 2016 2015 560,000 541,000 525,600 4,436,973 699,808 908,587 890,050 579,090 389,378 1,221,500 1,178,163 1,185,570 12,222 9,369 9,379 7,120,745 3,007,430 3,018,514 John D. Cobb Executive Vice President and Chief Investment   Officer 2017 605,000 5,502,415 906,278 1,335,538 10,080 8,359,311 2016 541,000 730,522 604,494 1,216,033 9,369 3,101,418 2015 525,000 1,907,422 388,927 1,230,154 9,379 4,060,882 (1) The amounts shown in the Stock   Awards and Option Awards columns reflect the full grant date fair value of (i) the restricted   stock and stock options granted to our Named Executive Officers in 2017, 2016   and 2015 for performance in 2016, 2015 and 2014 and (ii) for 2017 only,   the 2017 pRSUs, 2017 time-based RSUs and 2017 one-time transition time-based   RSUs, all of which are calculated pursuant to FASB guidance relating to fair   value provisions for share-based payments. See Note 12 of the Notes to   Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2017 Form 10-K for a   discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair   value. For further information on these awards, see the 2017 Grants of   Plan-Based Awards Table and 2017 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   Table in this Proxy Statement. These grant date award values, including the   maximum potential value of pRSUs as of the grant date, are shown below. Name Restricted Stock Time-Based RSUs Transition RSUs pRSUs (at Target) Total Grant Date Fair Value Maximum Value of pRSUs Debra A. Cafaro $ 5,295,420 $ 3,109,942 $ 3,999,999 $ 4,979,835 $ 17,385,196 $ 10,936,518 Robert F. Probst 1,460,926 1,045,483 1,500,000 1,641,240 5,647,649 2,954,295 Todd W. Lillibridge 1,201,282 734,383 — 1,088,827 3,024,492 1,959,914 T. Richard Riney 1,335,055 806,371 1,099,987 1,195,560 4,436,973 2,152,079 John D. Cobb 1,359,383 1,028,497 1,500,000 1,614,535 5,502,415 2,906,276 2018   Proxy Statement 51 Table of Contents (2) The amounts shown in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column reflect annual cash   incentive awards earned by our Named Executive Officers for performance in   2017, 2016 and 2015. (3) The amounts shown in the All Other   Compensation column for 2017 include supplemental disability   insurance premiums (in the amount of $46,848) and supplemental life insurance   premiums paid on behalf of Ms. Cafaro; group term life insurance   premiums paid on behalf of our Named Executive Officers; reimbursement for   the payment of taxes relating to such group term life insurance for   Ms. Cafaro (in the amount of $2,430); and our matching contributions to   the Named Executive Officers’ 401(k) plan accounts (in the amount of   $9,450 for each Named Executive Officer). 2018   Proxy Statement 52 Table of Contents 2017 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table The following table provides additional information relating to grants of plan-based awards made to our Named Executive Officers during 2017: Name Grant Date Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated future payouts under equity incentive plan awards All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards(1) ($/Sh) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards(2) ($) Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Debra A. Cafaro — (3) $1,290,000 $2,150,000 $3,870,000 — — — — — $  — $  — 1/18/2017 (4) — — — 24,509 74,975 164,657 — — — 4,979,835 1/18/2017 (5) — — — — — — 49,983 — — 3,109,942 1/18/2017 (6) — — — — — — 64,288 — — 3,999,999 1/18/2017 (7) — — — — — — 85,108 — — 5,295,420 1/18/2017 (8) — — — — — — — 673,079 62.22 3,530,299 Robert F. Probst — (3) 768,750 1,076,250 1,537,500 — — — — — — — 1/18/2017 (4) — — — 9,884 24,710 44,479 — — — 1,641,240 1/18/2017 (5) — — — — — — 16,803 — — 1,045,483 1/18/2017 (6) — — — — — — 24,108 — — 1,500,000 1/18/2017 (7) — — — — — — 23,480 — — 1,460,926 1/18/2017 (8) — — — — — — — 185,692 62.22 973,955 Todd W. Lillibridge — (3) 637,500 892,500 1,275,000 — — — — — — — 1/18/2017 (4) — — — 6,557 16,393 29,508 — — — 1,088,827 1/18/2017 (5) — — — — — — 11,803 — — 734,383 1/18/2017 (7) — — — — — — 19,307 — — 1,201,282 1/18/2017 (8) — — — — — — — 152,692 62.22 800,870 T. Richard Riney — (3) 700,000 980,000 1,400,000 — — — — — — — 1/18/2017 (4) — — — 7,200 18,000 32,401 — — — 1,195,560 1/18/2017 (5) — — — — — — 12,960 — — 806,371 1/18/2017 (6) — — — — — — 17,679 — — 1,099,987 1/18/2017 (7) — — — — — — 21,457 — — 1,335,055 1/18/2017 (8) — — — — — — — 169,695 62.22 890,050 John D. Cobb — (3) 756,250 1,058,750 1,512,500 — — — — — — — 1/18/2017 (4) — — — 9,723 24,308 43,756 — — — 1,614,535 1/18/2017 (5) — — — — — — 16,530 — — 1,028,497 1/18/2017 (6) — — — — — — 24,108 — — 1,500,000 1/18/2017 (7) — — — — — — 21,848 — — 1,359,383 1/18/2017 (8) — — — — — — — 172,789 62.22 906,278 (1) The stock option exercise price equals the closing price   of our common stock on the date of grant. (2) The amounts shown reflect the full grant date fair value   of the awards calculated pursuant to FASB guidance regarding fair value   provisions for share-based payments. See Note 12 of the Notes to   Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2017 Form 10-K for a   discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair   value. (3) The amounts shown represent each Named Executive Officer’s   threshold, target and maximum annual cash incentive opportunities for performance   in 2017. These opportunities were approved by our Compensation Board Members   in January 2017. The actual amount of each Named Executive Officer’s   award is based on the achievement of certain performance measures as   discussed in our CD&A. The annual cash incentive awards earned by our   Named Executive Officers for performance in 2017 were paid during the first   quarter of 2018. Such earned awards are shown in the “Non-Equity Incentive   Plan Compensation” column of the 2017 Summary Compensation Table. (4) The amounts shown represent each Named Executive Officer’s   threshold, target and maximum pRSU award opportunities for performance from   January 1, 2017 – December 31, 2019. These opportunities were   approved by our Compensation Board Members in January 2017. The actual   amount of each Named Executive Officer’s earned pRSUs, if any, will be based   on the achievement of certain performance measures as discussed in our   CD&A. (5) The amounts shown reflect time-based RSUs granted to our   Named Executive Officers as part of the new forward-looking long-term equity   incentive plan for 2017. These shares vest in three equal annual   installments, with the first installment vesting on the first anniversary of   the date of grant. (6) The amounts shown reflect one-time transition time-based   RSUs granted to our Named Executive Officers in 2017. These shares vest   one-third on the first anniversary of the date of grant and two-thirds on the   second anniversary of the date of grant. (7) The amounts shown reflect shares of restricted stock   granted to our Named Executive Officers which were earned based solely on   2016 performance. These shares have an additional time-based vesting   requirement and vest in three equal annual installments, with the first   installment vesting on the date of grant. 2018   Proxy Statement 53 Table of Contents (8) The amounts shown reflect stock options which were earned   based solely on 2016 performance. These options have an additional time-based   vesting requirement and vest in three equal annual installments, with the   first installment vesting on the date of grant. For additional information   regarding the range of long-term equity incentive awards that could have been   earned in 2017 based on 2016 performance, please see the “Elements of our   Compensation Program—Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation – Opportunities,   Measures and Performance—2017 Awards Earned Based on 2016 Performance”   section in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 2018   Proxy Statement 54 Table of Contents 2017 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table The following table sets forth information regarding equity-based awards granted to our Named Executive Officers that were outstanding at December 31, 2017: Option   Awards (1) Stock   Awards (1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (2) (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units That Have Not Vested (3) (#) Market Value of Shares or Units That Have Not Vested(4) ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (5) (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested(4) ($) Debra A. Cafaro 92,830 — $ 37.51 1/20/2020 — $           — — $            — 204,248 — 45.00 1/24/2021 — — — — 216,906 — 46.88 1/18/2022 — — — — 208,802 — 55.50 1/23/2023 — — — — 421,756 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 377,758 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 82,580 41,290 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 82,580 41,290 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 82,580 41,290 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 82,580 41,290 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 224,360 448,719 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 189,095 11,347,591 74,975 4,673,567 Robert F. Probst 26,083 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 22,395 11,197 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 22,394 11,197 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 22,394 11,197 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 22,394 11,197 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 61,898 123,794 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 61,468 3,688,695 24,710 1,540,298 Todd W. Lillibridge 72,673 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 16,193 8,096 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 16,192 8,096 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 16,192 8,096 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 16,192 8,096 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 50,898 101,794 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 28,220 1,693,482 16,393 1,021,858 T. Richard Riney 78,844 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 19,802 9,900 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 19,802 9,900 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 19,801 9,900 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 19,801 9,900 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 56,565 113,130 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 49,279 2,957,233 18,000 1,122,030 John D. Cobb 28,724 — 59.21 3/8/2023 — — — — 26,634 — 51.85 1/29/2024 — — — — 78,753 — 65.94 1/21/2025 — — — — 20,670 10,335 53.79 1/27/2026 — — — — 20,670 10,335 65.45 5/4/2026 — — — — 20,670 10,334 73.71 8/3/2026 — — — — 20,670 10,334 63.24 11/2/2026 — — — — 57,597 115,192 62.22 1/18/2027 — — — — — — — — 59,730 3,584,397 24,308 1,515,239 (1) All awards are reported on a post-spin-off of Care Capital Properties, Inc. (the “Spin-off”) basis in order to reflect the arithmetic adjustment made to outstanding awards as of August 17, 2015, the effective date of the Spin-off, in order to exclude the impact of the Spin-off. The awards shown in these columns (awards granted as of December 31, 2017) will vest (or have vested) as follows: 2018   Proxy Statement 55 Table of Contents Ms. Cafaro Mr. Probst Mr. Lillibridge Mr. Riney Mr. Cobb Options Shares/Units Options Shares/Units Options Shares/Units Options Shares Options Shares/Units 2018 January 18 224,360 66,460 61,897 21,464 50,897 10,371 56,565 17,365 57,596 20,829 January 27 165,160 18,086 44,788 4,904 32,384 3,546 39,600 4,336 41,338 4,527 2019 January 18 224,359 87,888 61,897 29,499 50,897 10,369 56,565 23,258 57,596 28,864 December 31* 0 -   164,657 0 –   44,479 0 –   29,508 0 –   32,401 0 –   43,756 2020 January 18 16,661 5,601 3,934 4,320 5,510 * The pRSU awards are reported on this row in a range because pRSUs may be earned, if at all, based on the Company’s performance against preestablished performance goals from January 1, 2017 – December 31, 2019. Earned awards, if any, will be paid out in the first quarter of the year following the end of the performance period. (2) Outstanding option awards vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the date of grant and expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. (3) Outstanding restricted stock awards vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the date of grant and time-based RSUs vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The one-time transition time-based RSUs granted to certain of our Named Executive Officers vest one-third on the first anniversary of the date of grant and two-thirds on the second anniversary of the date of grant. Our Named Executive Officers are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested shares of restricted stock and all time-based RSUs. (4) For purposes of the table, the market value of restricted stock, time-based RSUs and pRSU awards that have not vested is determined by multiplying the number of shares/units by $60.01, the closing price of our common stock on December 29, 2017. (5) Outstanding pRSU awards may be earned and vest, if at all, in a single installment following the end of the applicable three year performance period the date of grant. The pRSUs are reported at the target level because we are required by SEC rules to compare our performance through 2017 under the pRSU grant against the threshold, target and maximum performance levels for the grant and report the applicable potential share number. If the performance is between levels, we are required to report the potential payout at the next highest level. For example, if performance through the previous year exceeded target, even by only a modest amount, and even if it is unlikely that we will achieve the results that would dictate the payment of the maximum amount, we are required by SEC rules to report the maximum potential payouts. For the first year of the 2017-2019 performance period, we tracked between the threshold and target levels of performance against the three pRSU performance goals on a combined basis and have accordingly reported the pRSUs at the target award level. Dividend equivalents are accrued and paid on our Named Executive Officers’ pRSUs if and to the extent pRSUs are earned based on performance during the applicable performance period, generally subject to the Named Executive Officer’s continued employment through the end of the applicable performance period. Thus, the unit amounts reported in the table also include the following accrued dividend equivalents at the target level (which are not paid unless and until the performance goals are met with respect to the underlying pRSUs): 2017-2019 pRSU   Dividend Equivalents Total Dividend   Equivalents Ms. Cafaro $    174,317 $    174,317 Mr. Probst 57,451 57,451 Mr. Lillibridge 38,114 38,114 Mr. Riney 41,850 41,850 Mr. Cobb 56,516 56,516 2018   Proxy Statement 56 Table of Contents 2017 Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table The following table sets forth information regarding the value realized by our Named Executive Officers pursuant to the vesting or exercise of equity-based awards during 2017: Option Awards(1) Stock Awards(1) Name Number of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise (#) Value Realized Upon Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired Upon Vesting (#) Value Realized Upon Vesting(2) ($) Debra A. Cafaro 100,000 3,161,000 68,463 4,232,108 Robert F. Probst — — 31,878 1,982,307 Todd W. Lillibridge 142,359 1,970,017 14,215 879,060 T. Richard Riney — — 16,083 994,270 John D. Cobb — — 36,465 2,228,328 (1) If a Named Executive Officer used share withholding to pay the exercise price of options or to satisfy the tax obligations with respect to the option exercise or the vesting of restricted stock, the number of shares acquired and the value realized were less than the amounts shown. (2) The amounts shown in this column reflect the value of the vested shares based on the closing price of our common stock on the vesting dates. Employment and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers We are party to the following employment and severance agreements with our Named Executive Officers: ü a second amended and restated employment agreement with Ms. Cafaro dated March 22, 2011 (the “Cafaro Employment Agreement”); ü an offer letter to Mr. Probst dated September 16, 2014, and an employee protection and non-competition agreement with Mr. Probst dated September 16, 2014 (collectively, the “Probst Employee Protection Agreement”); ü an Employment Transition Agreement with Mr. Lillibridge dated July 25, 2017 (the “Lillibridge Transition Agreement”), which replaced his employee protection and noncompetition agreement dated July 1, 2015 (the “Former Lillibridge Agreement”); ü an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Riney dated July 31, 1998, as amended (the “Riney Employment Agreement”), and an amended and restated change-in-control severance agreement with Mr. Riney dated March 22, 2011 (the “Riney Severance Agreement”); and ü an employee protection and noncompetition agreement with Mr. Cobb dated October 21, 2013 (the “Cobb Employee Protection Agreement”). Under these agreements, our Named Executive Officers are entitled to receive severance benefits upon certain qualifying terminations of employment (subject to any required payment delay pursuant to Section 409A of the Code). At the time we entered into each of the agreements, our Compensation Board Members considered the potential severance benefits, including any potential tax gross-up, to be necessary to attract and retain top executives and, generally based on market compensation analyses of the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, to be consistent with then current competitive market practices. None of the agreements other than the agreement with Mr. Riney provide for any tax gross-up payments in connection with a change of control, and in 2013, consistent with our commitment to strong corporate governance and responsiveness to stockholders, we formalized our existing practice of not entering into new tax gross-up arrangements with our executive officers. Cafaro Employment Agreement The Cafaro Employment Agreement provides Ms. Cafaro with an annual base salary of not less than $915,000 and eligibility to participate in our incentive and other employee benefit plans. The Cafaro Employment Agreement also requires that we provide Ms. Cafaro with $2 million of life insurance coverage and executive disability coverage that would 2018   Proxy Statement 57 Table of Contents provide annual benefits of at least 100% of her base salary. Under the Cafaro Employment Agreement, the term of Ms. Cafaro’s employment will continue until terminated or the Cafaro Employment Agreement is amended. Upon termination of Ms. Cafaro’s employment for any reason, Ms. Cafaro will be subject to noncompetition and nonsolicitation restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality and nondisparagement restrictions. Under the terms of the Cafaro Employment Agreement, Ms. Cafaro is entitled to the benefits summarized below upon the event specified. Under certain circumstances, Ms. Cafaro’s severance payments or other benefits are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon her by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. Termination For   Cause* or Without Good Reason* · None Change of Control*   Without a Termination of Employment** · None Termination Other   Than For Cause or With Good Reason (In connection with   a Change of Control or otherwise) · Prorated portion of Target Bonus* for the year of termination · 3x sum of (x) base salary in effect, plus (y) Target   Bonus for the year of termination · Full vesting of all restricted stock, stock options and other   performance-related compensation (assuming maximum individual and company   performance) · Continuation of medical, dental, life and disability insurance   benefits for two years · Outplacement services, including executive office space and an   executive secretary, for one year following termination, with an aggregate   cost not to exceed $50,000 Death/Disability** · Prorated portion of Target Bonus for the year of termination · Continuation of medical and dental insurance benefits for two   years (disability only) * “Cause” means Ms. Cafaro’s: (1) conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a crime involving moral turpitude; or (2) willful and material breach of her duties and responsibilities that is directly and materially harmful to our business and reputation and that is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such conduct is in our best interests and, with respect to (2), the Board’s adoption of a resolution by a vote of at least 75% of its members so finding after giving Ms. Cafaro and her attorney an opportunity to be heard. “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) beneficial ownership by any “person” or “group” (as those terms are defined in the Exchange Act), other than us, our subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, of 20% or more of any class of our outstanding equity securities or the combined voting power of our outstanding voting securities; (2) persons who constituted our Board as of March 22, 2011, together with any new director whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of a majority of those persons, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our Board; (3) consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving us (subject to certain exceptions); (4) approval by our stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of our company; (5) approval by our stockholders of an agreement for the assignment, sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to any person, other than our subsidiaries; (6) any transaction which is reasonably likely to result in our company ceasing to be a REIT; and (7) any other event that the Board determines constitutes an effective Change of Control. “Good Reason” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) a diminution in Ms. Cafaro’s position, authority, duties or responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer (Ms. Cafaro ceasing to be the chief executive officer of a publicly-traded company following a transaction in which we are a participant will constitute a diminution under this clause (1)); (2) a reduction in Ms. Cafaro’s base salary, maximum annual bonus opportunity or, except as uniformly applicable to all of our similarly situated executives, benefits and perquisites; (3) our requiring Ms. Cafaro to relocate her principal business office to a location more than 30 miles from her existing office; (4) our failure or refusal to comply with any provision of the Cafaro Employment Agreement; (5) certain events of bankruptcy involving our company; and (6) our failure to obtain the assumption of the Cafaro Employment Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of our business and/or assets. “Target Bonus” means the greater of (1) the highest bonus paid to Ms. Cafaro pursuant to our annual incentive plan for any of the three preceding calendar years and (2) the full amount of Ms. Cafaro’s annual bonus, assuming maximum individual and company performance, in respect of service for the year of termination. ** Certain of Ms. Cafaro’s outstanding backward-looking stock option and restricted stock awards would vest in full upon death, disability or a change of control pursuant to the terms of the applicable incentive plan or award agreement. However, all forward-looking pRSU, time-based RSU and one-time transition time-based RSUs are “double-trigger” and do not vest solely upon a change of control. Employee Protection Agreements for Messrs. Probst and Cobb and Former Employee Protection Agreement for Mr. Lillibridge The Probst Employee Protection Agreement provides Mr. Probst with an initial annual base salary of $575,000, subject to annual review commencing in 2016, and eligibility to participate in our incentive and other employee benefit 2018   Proxy Statement 58 Table of Contents plans. Upon termination of Messrs. Probst, Cobb or, formerly, Lillibridge’s (collectively, the “Executives”) employment for any reason, the Executives will or would have been subject to noncompetition, nonsolicitation and noninterference restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality and nondisparagement restrictions, except that Mr. Probst’s Employee Protection Agreement was amended in December 2017 to provide for noncompetition restrictions lasting for two years in the event he is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason within one year of a Change in Control (each term as defined in his Employee Protection Agreement). Following a review of competitive market practices, the Employee Protection Agreements for Messrs. Probst and Cobb were also amended in December 2017 to remove the caps on certain cash severance amounts. Under the terms of the current and former Employee Protection Agreements for the Executives, the Executives are/were entitled to the benefits summarized below upon the event specified. Under certain circumstances, the Executives’ severance payments or other benefits are/were subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon them by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. For clarity, the terms of the Former Lillibridge Agreement described below were in effect until February 14, 2018, when the Lillibridge Transition Agreement (described in detail below) became effective. Termination For   Cause* or Without Good Reason* · None Change of Control*   Without a Termination of Employment** · None Termination Other   Than For Cause or With Good Reason** (Not in connection   with Change of Control) · Lump sum payment (not to exceed $3 million in the case of   Mr. Lillibridge, as adjusted annually beginning in 2016 to reflect   increases in the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”)) equal to the sum of base   salary as then in effect and Target Annual Bonus* (in the case of   Mr. Probst) or Maximum Annual Bonus* (in the case of   Messrs. Lillibridge and Cobb) for the year of termination · Continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits   for up to one year (or lump sum equivalent in cash) · Mr. Probst would have received pro-rata vesting of his   sign-on equity award (this award was fully vested as of December 31,   2017) and Mr. Lillibridge would have been credited with one additional   year of service for purposes of vesting in restricted stock awards granted   prior to 2016 Termination Other   Than For Cause or With Good Reason** (Within one year of   Change of Control) · Lump sum payment (not to exceed $3 million in the case of   Mr. Lillibridge, as adjusted annually beginning in 2016 to reflect   increases in the CPI) equal to 2x (in the case of Mr. Probst) or 2.5x   (in the case of Messrs. Lillibridge and Cobb) the sum of base salary as   then in effect and Maximum Annual Bonus (in the case of Mr. Probst) or   Target Annual Bonus (in the case of Messrs. Lillibridge and Cobb) for   the year of termination · Continuation of medical, dental and vision insurance benefits   for up to two years (or lump sum equivalent in cash) · For Mr. Probst only, if a Change of Control would have occurred   during the Bridge Period*, at our election, fully vested award of stock or   cash, in either case equal to amount by which (i) the prorated portion   of Target LTI for 2015 service exceeded (ii) the value of any long-term   equity incentive compensation Mr. Probst received for 2015 which was not   forfeited because of his termination · Mr. Probst would have received full vesting of his sign-on   equity award (this award was fully vested as of December 31, 2017) Death/Disability ** · If the death/disability would have occurred during the Bridge   Period, at our election, fully vested award of stock or cash, in either case   equal to the amount by which (i) the prorated portion of Target LTI for   2015 service exceeded (ii) the value of any long-term equity incentive   compensation Mr. Probst received for 2015 which was not forfeited   because of his termination · Mr. Probst would have received full vesting of his sign-on   equity award (this award was fully vested as of December 31, 2017) * “Bridge Period” means calendar year 2015 and the first two months of calendar year 2016, but prior to the date of grant of long-term equity incentive compensation with respect to calendar year 2015. “Cause” means the Executive’s: (1) indictment for, conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to any felony or misdemeanor involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude; (2) willful or intentional material breach of duties and responsibilities; (3) willful or intentional material misconduct in the performance of duties; or (4) willful or intentional failure to comply with any lawful instruction or directive of the Chief Executive Officer. 2018   Proxy Statement 59 Table of Contents “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) beneficial ownership by any “person” or “group” (as those terms are defined in the Exchange Act), other than us, our subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, of 35% or more of the combined voting power of our outstanding voting securities; (2) persons who constituted our Board as of September 30, 2013 (in the case of Messrs. Probst and Cobb) or July 1, 2015 (in the case of Mr. Lillibridge), together with any new director whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of a majority of those persons, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our Board; (3) consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving us (subject to certain exceptions); (4) approval by our stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of our company; or (5) approval by our stockholders of an agreement for the assignment, sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to any person, other than our subsidiaries. “Good Reason” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) a material diminution of the Executive’s position, authority or duties; (2) a material reduction in the Executive’s base salary or Target Annual Bonus opportunity; (3) our requiring the Executive to relocate his principal business office to any location that is more than 30 miles from our current Chicago headquarters; or (4) our failure to cause the assumption of the Employee Protection Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of our business and/or assets, in each case, that is not cured within 30 days after written notice from the Executive. “Maximum Annual Bonus” means the full amount of the Executive’s annual bonus, assuming maximum individual and company performance. “Target Annual Bonus” means the Executive’s annual bonus, assuming target individual and company performance. “Target LTI” means the Executive’s long-term equity incentive compensation, assuming target individual and company performance. ** Certain of the Executives’ outstanding backward-looking stock option and restricted stock awards would vest in full upon death, disability or a change of control pursuant to the terms of the applicable incentive plan or award agreement. However, all forward-looking pRSU, time-based RSU and one-time transition time-based RSUs are “double-trigger” and do not vest solely upon a change of control. Lillibridge Transition Agreement On July 25, 2017, Mr. Lillibridge announced his intention to step down from his current role and transition to the role of Special Advisor to the CEO, facilitating a smooth transition for his successor. Mr. Lillibridge will remain in his role as Executive Vice President, Medical Property Operations; President and Chief Executive Officer, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. until April 9, 2018, the start date of his successor. In connection with his transition, the Company and Mr. Lillibridge entered into the Lillibridge Transition Agreement . The Lillibridge Transition Agreement went into effect on February 14, 2018 and superseded the Former Lillibridge Agreement . In this role, Mr. Lillibridge is a non-executive officer employee of the Company and devotes his full business efforts to facilitating a smooth transition for his successor and performing special projects relating to hospitals and the healthcare industry, as assigned by our CEO. The Lillibridge Transition Agreement does not have a defined term and will expire upon Mr. Lillibridge’s termination of employment for any reason (the “Term”). During the Term, Mr. Lillibridge will earn an annual base salary of $400,000. He was eligible to earn his annual cash incentive award in respect of his 2017 performance but will not be eligible to earn future annual cash incentive awards except for an award in respect of his 2018 performance because his successor did not begin employment by February 14, 2018. The 2018 annual cash incentive award will be earned based on actual performance and will be prorated to reflect the number of days Mr. Lillibridge remained employed by the Company in 2018 through April 9, 2018. Payment thereof was subject to Mr. Lillibridge timely executing and not revoking a general release of claims. Mr. Lillibridge was not eligible to receive any equity incentive award grants in 2018 or thereafter. The Lillibridge Transition Agreement does not provide for any cash severance payments upon his termination of employment for any reason. Outstanding equity awards will generally be treated as provided in Mr. Lillibridge’s applicable award agreements, except that (i) all of his vested stock options will remain exercisable until the expiration of the option term and (ii) if Mr. Lillibridge’s successor would have started prior to February 14, 2018 and Mr. Lillibridge was terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined below) prior to February 14, 2018, he would have received (a) full vesting of all outstanding and unvested time-based equity awards and (b) prorated vesting of outstanding performance-based equity awards, based on actual achievement of the specified performance criteria through his date of termination of employment. The Lillibridge Transition Agreement subjects Mr. Lillibridge to noncompetition, nonsolicitiation and noninterference restrictions for a period of one year, as well as certain confidentiality and nondisparagement restrictions, following the termination of Mr. Lillibridge’s employment for any reason. “Cause” is defined in the Lillibridge Transition Agreement as (i) Mr. Lillibridge’s indictment for, conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, any felony or a misdemeanor involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude, (ii) the willful or intentional material breach by Mr. Lillibridge of his duties and responsibilities, (iii) the willful or intentional material misconduct by Mr. Lillibridge in the performance of his duties or (iv) the willful or intentional failure by Mr. Lillibridge to comply in all material respects with any lawful instruction or directive of the CEO. 2018   Proxy Statement 60 Table of Contents Riney Employment Agreement and Riney Change of Control Severance Agreement The Riney Employment Agreement provides Mr. Riney with an annual base salary of not less than $137,000 and eligibility to participate in our incentive and other employee benefit plans. The term of the Riney Employment Agreement is automatically extended by one additional day for each day following the effective date of the agreement that Mr. Riney remains employed by us unless we elect to cease such automatic extension with notice to Mr. Riney. The Riney Employment Agreement will terminate one year following any such notice. Under the terms of the Riney Employment Agreement and the Riney Severance Agreement, Mr. Riney is entitled to the benefits summarized below upon the event specified. The Riney Employment Agreement and the Riney Severance Agreement provide for a gross-up for any taxes imposed upon him by Section 4999 of the Code, or any similar state or local tax, as a result of any payment or benefits to which he may be entitled under such agreements or any other agreement. Any severance benefits payable to Mr. Riney under the Riney Employment Agreement, including any tax gross-up, cannot be duplicated by any severance benefits payable to Mr. Riney under the Riney Severance Agreement. Termination For   Cause* or Without Good Reason* · None Change of Control* Without   a Termination of Employment** · Payment for any excise taxes he may incur as a result of the   Change of Control Termination Other   Than For Cause or With Good Reason (Not in connection with Change of Control) · Lump sum payment (not to exceed $3 million, as adjusted   annually beginning in 2008 to reflect increases in CPI) equal to   (x) prorated portion of Target Bonus* for the year of termination, plus   (y) the sum of base salary as then in effect and Target Bonus for the   year of termination · Credited with one additional year of service for purposes of   vesting of restricted stock · Continuation of medical, dental, life and long-term disability   insurance benefits for up to one year Termination Other   Than For Cause or With Good Reason (Within two years of Change of Control) · Lump sum payment (not to exceed $3 million, as adjusted   annually beginning in 2008 to reflect increases in CPI) equal to 2x the   greater of (a) the sum of (x) base salary and Target Bonus as of   the date of termination, plus (y) the fair market value of the   maximum number of shares of restricted stock authorized to be issued to   Mr. Riney for the year of termination, and (b) the sum of   (x) base salary and Target Bonus as of the date immediately prior to the   effectiveness of the Change of Control, plus (y) the fair market   value of the maximum number of shares of restricted stock authorized to be   issued to him for the year in which the date immediately prior to the   effectiveness of the Change of Control occurs · Continuation of medical, dental, life and disability insurance   benefits for two years · Payment for any excise taxes he may incur as a result of the   Change of Control Death/Disability** · Prorated portion of Target Bonus for the year of termination * “Cause” means Mr. Riney’s: (1) conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a crime involving moral turpitude; or (2) willful and material breach of his duties and responsibilities that is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such conduct is in our best interests and, with respect to (2), the Board’s adoption of a resolution by a vote of at least 75% of its members so finding after giving Mr. Riney and his attorney an opportunity to be heard. “Good Reason” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) the assignment to Mr. Riney of duties substantially of a non-executive or non-managerial nature; (2) an adverse change in Mr. Riney’s status or position as an executive officer, including as a result of a diminution in his duties and responsibilities (other than a change directly attributable to our ceasing to be a publicly owned company); (3) a reduction in Mr. Riney’s base salary, bonus opportunity or, except as uniformly applicable to all of our similarly situated executives, benefits and perquisites (which reduction, for purposes of the Riney Employment Agreement, is material); (4) our requiring Mr. Riney to relocate his principal business office to a location more than 30 miles from his existing office; and (5) our failure to obtain the assumption of the Riney Employment Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of our business or assets, in each case, for purposes of the Riney Employment Agreement, that is not cured within 30 days after written notice from Mr. Riney. “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) beneficial ownership by any “person” or “group” (as those terms are defined in the Exchange Act), other than us, our subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by us, of 20% or more of the combined voting power of our outstanding voting securities; (2) persons who constituted our Board as of May 1, 1998, together with any new director whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of a majority of those persons, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our Board; (3) consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization involving us (subject to certain exceptions); (4) approval by our stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of our company; (5) approval by our stockholders of an agreement for the assignment, sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to any person, other than our subsidiaries; and (6) any 2018   Proxy Statement 61 Table of Contents other event that the Board determines constitutes an effective Change of Control. “Target Bonus” means the full amount of bonuses and performance compensation that would be payable to Mr. Riney, assuming satisfaction of all performance criteria on which such bonuses and performance compensation are based, in respect of services for the year of termination. ** Certain of Mr. Riney’s outstanding backward-looking stock option and restricted stock awards would vest in full upon death, disability or a change of control pursuant to the terms of the applicable incentive plan or award agreement. However, all forward-looking pRSU, time-based RSU and one-time transition time-based RSUs are “double-trigger” and do not vest solely upon a change of control Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control The table below reflects the amount of compensation and benefits payable to each Named Executive Officer in the event of: ü termination for Cause or without Good Reason; ü termination other than for Cause or with Good Reason (“involuntary termination”); ü a Change of Control (without any termination of employment); ü involuntary termination following a Change of Control; and ü death or disability. The amounts shown are estimates of the amounts that would be paid to the Named Executive Officers assuming the applicable termination and/or Change of Control occurred on December 31, 2017. The actual amounts can be determined only if and when the Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated or the Change of Control occurs. Receipt of benefits upon termination is subject to the execution of a general release of claims by the Named Executive Officer or his or her beneficiary. Although our employment and severance agreements with our Named Executive Officers (other than Mr. Riney) contain certain restrictive covenants, including noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions, no specific value to the company has been ascribed to these covenants in the table. Benefit Termination for Cause or without Good Reason Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Change of Control (without Termination) Involuntary Termination Following Change of Control(1) Death or Disability Debra A. Cafaro Prorated portion of Target Bonus for year of termination(2) $   — $ 3,870,000 $              — $   3,870,000 $   3,870,000 Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at termination(3) — 3,225,000 — 3,225,000 — Payment equal to multiple of Target Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3) — 11,610,000 — 11,610,000 — Vesting of equity awards(4)(5) — 21,868,309 4,747,012 21,868,309 16,277,981 Continued insurance benefits(6) — 154,734 — 154,734 49,633 Office space and administrative services — 50,000 — 50,000 — Reduction(7) — — — — — Total for Debra A. Cafaro $  — $ 40,778,043 $ 4,747,012 $ 40,778,043 $ 20,197,614 Robert F. Probst Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at   termination(3) — 615,000 — 1,230,000 — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3) — 1,076,250 — — — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3) — — — 3,075,000 — Vesting of equity awards(4)(5) — 849,507 1,303,271 5,298,638 5,298,638 Continued insurance benefits(6) — 24,964 — 49,928 — Reduction(7) — — — 0 — Total for Robert F. Probst $   — $  2,565,721 $ 1,303,271 $  9,653,566 $  5,298,638 2018   Proxy Statement 62 Table of Contents Benefit Termination for Cause or without Good Reason Involuntary Termination (without Change of Control) Change of Control (without Termination) Involuntary Termination Following Change of Control(1) Death or Disability Todd W. Lillibridge Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at   termination(3)(8) $   — $    510,000 $   — $ 1,275,000 $   — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3)(8)(9) — — — 1,809,578 — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3)(8) — 1,275,000 — — — Vesting of equity awards(4)(5) — 576,738 1,035,541 2,765,697 2,765,697 Continued insurance benefits(6) — 17,561 — 35,122 — Reduction(7) — — — — — Total for Todd W. Lillibridge $   — $ 2,379,299 $ 1,035,541 $ 5,885,397 $ 2,765,697 T. Richard Riney Prorated portion of Target Bonus for year of termination(2)(8) $   — $ 1,400,000 $        — $         — $ 1,400,000 Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at   termination(3)(8) — 560,000 — 1,120,000 — Payment equal to multiple of Target Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3)(8)(10) — 1,400,000 — 2,469,177 — Payment equal to multiple of fair market value of maximum   restricted stock/RSU grant under LTIP for the year of   termination(3)(8)(11)(12) — — — 0 — Vesting of equity awards(4)(5) — 1,322,648 1,180,164 4,140,841 4,140,841 Continued insurance benefits(6) — 27,107 — 54,215 — Excise tax gross-up(5) — — — — — Total for T. Richard Riney $   — $ 4,709,755 $ 1,180,164 $ 7,784,233 $ 5,540,841 John D. Cobb Payment equal to multiple of base salary in effect at   termination(3) — $    605,000 — $ 1,512,500 — Payment equal to multiple of Target Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3) — — — 2,646,875 — Payment equal to multiple of Maximum Annual Bonus for year of   termination(2)(3) — 1,512,500 — — — Vesting of equity awards(4)(5) — 835,693 1,209,995 5,163,920 5,163,920 Continued insurance benefits(6) — 24,964 — 49,928 — Reduction(7) — — — — — Total for John D. Cobb $   — $ 2,978,157 $ 1,209,995 $ 9,373,223 $ 5,163,920 (1) Involuntary termination during any time following Change of Control for Ms. Cafaro (the occurrence of a Change of Control does not result in enhanced severance benefits for Ms. Cafaro), involuntary termination within one year of Change of Control for Messrs. Probst, Lillibridge and Cobb, and involuntary termination within two years of Change of Control for Mr. Riney. (2) “Target Bonus,” “Target Annual Bonus” or “Maximum Annual Bonus,” as applicable, for each Named Executive Officer is defined above under “Employment and Severance Agreements with Named Executive Officers.” (3) Multiples for the Named Executive Officers are as follows: Involuntary   Termination (without Change of Control) Involuntary   Termination Following Change of Control Ms. Cafaro 3x 3x Messrs. Probst and Riney 1x 2x Messrs. Lillibridge and Cobb 1x 2.5x 2018   Proxy Statement 63 Table of Contents (4) The outstanding restricted stock and stock option award agreements under our 2012 Incentive Plan generally provide that, upon a Change of Control or in the event of death, disability or retirement of a participant while employed by us, the stock options underlying the award become immediately exercisable or the restrictions and other conditions pertaining to the shares of restricted stock underlying the award immediately lapse. In the event of involuntary termination, Ms. Cafaro’s restricted stock and stock options would become fully vested and Mr. Riney would be treated as having one additional year of service for purposes of restricted stock vesting. The outstanding time-based RSU award agreements under our 2012 Incentive Plan (including our one-time transition RSU awards) generally provide that, upon a Qualifying Termination (defined as an involuntary termination within 6 months prior to or 24 months following a Change of Control) or in the event of death, disability or retirement of a participant while employed by us, the restrictions and other conditions pertaining to the RSUs immediately lapse. In the event of involuntary termination in the absence of a Change of Control, Ms. Cafaro’s time-based RSUs would become fully vested and the other Named Executive Officers would be treated as having one additional year of service for purposes of regular (but not one-time transition) time-based RSU vesting. RSU awards do not receive any enhanced vesting solely upon a Change of Control. The outstanding pRSU award agreements under our 2012 Incentive Plan generally provide that, upon a Qualifying Termination (defined as an involuntary termination within 6 months prior to or 24 months following a Change of Control), Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level and the other Named Executive Officers would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the change of control date (table reflects target values). In the event of death or disability, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the termination date (table reflects target value) and the other Named Executive Officers would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the target level. In the event of retirement while employed by us, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the retirement date (table reflects target value) unless the retirement occurs after a Change of Control has occurred, in which case Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level. The other Named Executive Officers would receive pro-rated vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the retirement date (table reflects target values). In the event of involuntary termination in the absence of a Change of Control, Ms. Cafaro would receive full vesting of the pRSUs at the maximum level and the other Named Executive Officers would receive pro-rated vesting of the pRSUs at the higher of actual or target performance through the termination date (table reflects target values). In the event of a Change of Control in the absence of a Qualifying Termination (or subsequent retirement in the case of Ms. Cafaro only), the pRSU awards convert to time-based awards upon a Change of Control and remain subject to the remaining vesting schedule. Ms. Cafaro’s pRSU awards convert at a level equal to the higher of actual and target performance and the other Named Executive Officers’ pRSU awards convert at a level equal to actual performance through the Change of Control date. Accordingly, we have not reported any pRSU award values in the “Change of Control (without Termination)” column. All pRSU award figures include the value of accrued dividend equivalents as of December 31, 2017. Since none of our Named Executive Officers were retirement-eligible as of December 31, 2017, we have not included a “Retirement” column in the table above. (5) Assumes a stock price of $60.01, the closing price of our common stock on December 29, 2017. For purposes of the table, the value of vesting of restricted stock, RSUs and pRSUs is determined by multiplying the number of shares/units vesting by $60.01, and the value of vesting of in-the-money stock options is determined by subtracting the stock option exercise price from $60.01and multiplying by the number of options vesting. (6) In the event of her Disability, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued medical and dental premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of her involuntary termination without Cause or for Good Reason, Ms. Cafaro would receive continued health, dental, life, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance premiums for a period of 24 months. In the event of involuntary termination without Cause or for Good Reason for each of Messrs. Probst, Lillibridge or Cobb, such individual would receive continued health, dental and vision insurance premiums for a period of 12 months (24 months if such termination occurs within one year of a Change of Control). In the event of his involuntary termination without Cause or for Good Reason, Mr. Riney would receive continued health, dental, life, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance premiums for a period of 12 months (24 months if such termination occurs within two years of a Change of Control). (7) Pursuant to the Cafaro Employment Agreement and the Employee Protection Agreements for the Executives, under certain circumstances, payments or benefits to Ms. Cafaro and Messrs. Probst, Lillibridge and Cobb are subject to reduction such that there will be no taxes imposed upon them by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar state or local tax. (8) Under the Former Lillibridge Agreement, the Riney Employment Agreement and the Riney Severance Agreement, the amount of certain severance benefits payable to each of Messrs. Lillibridge and Riney is limited to a maximum of $3 million, as adjusted annually following the effective date of the applicable agreement to reflect increases in CPI. (9) This amount has been reduced from $2,231,250 to $1,809,578 because the total severance due to Mr. Lillibridge under this termination scenario would exceed $3,084,578, which is equal to Mr. Lillibridge’s $3 million severance cap after adjusting for 2015-2016 CPI based on an assumed December 31, 2017 termination date. (10) This amount has been reduced from $2,800,000 to $2,469,177 because the total severance due to Mr. Riney under this termination scenario would exceed $3,589,177, which is equal to Mr. Riney’s $3 million severance cap after adjusting for 2007-2016 CPI based on an assumed December 31, 2017 termination date. (11) The fair market value of the maximum restricted stock/RSU grant under the long-term equity incentive plan is determined by multiplying the sum of restricted shares, RSUs and pRSUs (deemed earned at the maximum level) granted in 2017 by the closing price of our shares on the assumed change in control date of December 31, 2017. (12) This amount has been reduced from $10,857,865 to $0 because the total severance due to Mr. Riney under this termination scenario would exceed $3,589,177, which is equal to Mr. Riney’s $3 million severance cap after adjusting for 2007-2016 CPI based on an assumed December 31, 2017 termination date. 2018   Proxy Statement 64 Table of Contents CEO PAY RATIO As required by SEC regulations, we are providing information regarding the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of our CEO. For 2017, the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company (other than our CEO) was $88,630 and the annual total compensation of our CEO, as reported in the 2017 Summary Compensation Table above, was $25,254,607. The ratio of our CEO’s 2017 annual total compensation to our median employee’s 2017 annual total compensation is 285 to 1. Our median employee was determined as of December 31, 2017 by selecting the employee, out of all of our employees who were employed on such date, with the median 2017 target total direct compensation (sum of base salary, target annual cash bonus and target equity award). After excluding the final backward-looking award relating to 2016 performance and the one-time transition awards (as further discussed in following paragraph), the 2017 normalized compensation for our CEO is approximately $12.4 million, with the actual 2017 annual cash incentive award included. Using this figure, the ratio of our CEO’s 2017 annual total compensation to our median employee’s 2017 annual total compensation would be 140 to 1. We believe this normalized CEO pay ratio is a more useful tool for comparing our CEO’s annual compensation to our median employee because it includes the regular, ongoing components of our CEO’s compensation program that are expected to continue in 2018 and beyond. As noted elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, the Company transitioned from a backward-looking long-term equity incentive plan to a forward-looking plan in January 2017. Because the final 2016 backward-looking equity grant (already earned based on 2016 performance but paid in 2017) and the first 2017 forward-looking equity grant (may be earned, if at all, based on 2017-2019 performance) were granted in 2017—regardless of the performance period or year of vesting—SEC disclosure rules require us to report both awards in this year’s Summary Compensation Table. In addition, SEC disclosure rules require us to report one-time transition awards to certain of our Named Executive Officers, even though they are one-time in nature. These one-time transition awards were designed to partially mitigate the equity vesting gap that will occur in 2018 and 2019 as a result of our transition to a forward-looking long-term equity incentive plan and to enhance retention. These awards are one-time in nature and are not a continuing feature of the long-term incentive plan. The pay ratio presented in this Proxy Statement is a reasonable estimate calculated in good faith, in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, based on our payroll and employment records and the methodology described above. The SEC rules for identifying the “median employee” and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee’s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratios reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio set forth above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our Board believes that the compensation paid to our non-employee directors should be competitive with the Comparable Companies, as well as public companies of similar enterprise value, market capitalization and total assets, and should enable us to attract and retain individuals of the highest quality to serve as our directors. In addition, the Board believes that a significant portion of non-employee director compensation should align director interests with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, non-employee directors receive a combination of cash and equity-based compensation for their services. Each of these components is described below. We also reimburse each non-employee director for travel and other expenses associated with attending Board and committee meetings, director education programs and other Board-related activities. Ms. Cafaro, the only member of the Board employed by us, does not receive compensation for her service as a director. Cash Compensation The cash compensation paid to, or earned by, our non-employee directors in 2017 was comprised of the following three components: 2018   Proxy Statement 65 Table of Contents ü Board retainer: Each non-employee director received a retainer   of $90,000 for each calendar year in which he or she served as a director.   The Presiding Director received an additional retainer of $25,000 for each   calendar year of service. ü Committee retainers: Each member (other than the chair) of the   Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees received a retainer of $20,000,   $20,000 and $15,000, respectively, for each calendar year of service as a   member of such committee. The chair of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating   Committees received a retainer of $25,000, $25,000 and $20,000, respectively,   for each calendar year of service as the chair of that committee. ü Board and committee meeting fees: Each non-employee director   received $1,500 for each Board meeting he or she attended in excess of the eighth   Board meeting held during the year, $1,500 for each Audit, Compensation or   Nominating Committee meeting he or she attended in excess of the sixth such   committee meeting held during the year and $1,500 for each Investment or   Executive Committee meeting he or she attended during the year (in each case,   including telephonic meetings, unless the meeting was 30 minutes or less). Pursuant to our Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan (the “Director Deferred Compensation Plan”), non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of their cash retainer and meeting fees. Deferred fees are credited to each participating director in the form of stock units, based on the fair market value of our common stock on the deferral date. At the prior election of the participating director, dividend equivalents on the stock units are either paid in cash or credited as additional units. Upon termination of a participating director’s service on the Board, or at such later time as he or she has previously designated, the director’s stock unit account is settled in whole shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and distributed either in one lump sum or in installments over a period of not more than ten years, at the director’s prior election. Fractional stock units are paid out in cash. Equity-Based Compensation The equity-based compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2017 consisted of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units, at the director’s prior election, granted pursuant to our 2012 Incentive Plan as follows: ü Each year, our non-employee directors receive shares of   restricted stock or restricted stock units, at his or her prior election,   having an aggregate value equal to $150,000. ü Upon initial election or appointment to the Board, a   newly-elected or appointed non-employee director would have received a   number of shares of restricted stock having an aggregate value equal to a   pro rata portion of $150,000 (determined by reference to the number of   days remaining in the calendar year). Shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units granted to our non-employee directors vest in two equal annual installments. In 2017 we changed our director equity award schedule to more closely align with our typical schedule of director service dates by linking our grant dates with our annual meeting dates. Equity awards are now granted on each annual meeting date and vest 50% on the subsequent annual meeting date and 50% on the next succeeding annual meeting date. As a result of this change, we made two equity grants to our directors in 2017. The first was a final January 1, 2017 pro-rata grant designed to compensate directors for the service period from January 1, 2017 until our 2017 Annual Meeting of Directors on May 18, 2017. This award vests in two equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. The second award was a full annual award granted on the 2017 Annual Meeting Date, which is designed to compensate directors for the service period from the 2017 Annual Meeting of Directors until our 2018 Annual Meeting of Directors. Because SEC rules require us to report equity awards when granted, regardless of the applicable service period, the Stock Awards column of the 2017 Non-Employee Director Compensation Table below shows an amount larger than our regular $150,000 annual equity award due to this timing adjustment, even though we have not made any changes to our non-employee director equity retainer amount for 2017. 2018   Proxy Statement 66 Table of Contents Review of Non-Employee Director Compensation Our Nominating Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the amount and types of compensation to be paid to our non-employee directors and recommending any changes to our non-employee director compensation program for approval by our Board. As part of its annual review, the Nominating Committee may consider director compensation information contained in surveys compiled by NAREIT, Spencer Stuart or the National Association of Corporate Directors and may retain an independent compensation consultant to advise it on appropriate director compensation levels. No adjustments were made to non-employee director compensation cash or equity amounts in 2017. Following review of market data in March 2018, the Nominating Committee recommended and the Board approved two changes to non-employee director compensation for 2018: (i) beginning April 1, 2018, the annual cash retainer was increased from $90,000 to $105,000 and (ii) beginning with the equity grant to be awarded at the 2018 Annual Meeting, the annual equity retainer was increased from $150,000 to $165,000. Minimum Share Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Our minimum share ownership guidelines require each non-employee director to maintain a minimum number of shares of our common stock with a value not less than five times the current annual cash retainer (currently $90,000) paid to such director for service on our Board (excluding, among other things, any additional retainer paid for service as a committee member or committee chair or the Presiding Director). Each non-employee director must satisfy the minimum share ownership levels within five years from the date that he or she first becomes subject to the guidelines (or, upon any increase in the annual cash retainer, within five years from the date of such increase to satisfy the guidelines with respect to such incremental amount) and, until such time, must retain 100% of the shares of our common stock or stock units granted to him or her as compensation minus any shares withheld by the director under our share withholding program to pay taxes on the vesting of shares. Compliance with the guidelines is reviewed on July 1 of each year. All of our non-employee directors are currently in compliance with these guidelines, after taking into consideration the transition period for new directors. 2018   Proxy Statement 67 Table of Contents 2017 Non-Employee Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, our non-employee directors during 2017: Name Fees Earned or Paid   in Cash(1) ($) Stock Awards(2) ($) Total ($) Melody C. Barnes 105,000 206,232 311,232 Jay M. Gellert 119,500 206,232 325,732 Richard I. Gilchrist 129,500 206,232 335,732 Matthew J. Lustig 91,500 206,232 297,732 Roxanne M. Martino 113,000 206,232 319,232 Douglas M. Pasquale (3) 34,121 56,268 90,389 Walter C. Rakowich 110,000 206,232 316,232 Robert D. Reed 115,000 206,232 321,232 Glenn J. Rufrano 110,000 206,232 316,232 James D. Shelton 158,000 206,232 364,232 (1) The amounts shown in the Fees   Earned or Paid in Cash column reflect   quarterly retainer and meeting fees described above under “—Cash   Compensation.” Of the amounts shown in this column, the following directors   elected to defer all or a portion of their retainer and meeting fees pursuant   to the Director Deferred Compensation Plan described above and were credited   with the following stock units: Mr. Gellert, $119,500 or 1,827 units;   Mr. Lustig, $91,500 or 1,398 units; Ms. Martino, $113,000 or 1,728   units; Mr. Reed, $115,000 or 1,757 units; Mr. Rufrano, $110,000 or   1,681 units; and Mr. Shelton, $79,000 or 1,208 units. (2) The amounts shown in the Stock   Awards column represent the full grant date fair value of shares   of restricted stock or restricted stock units (excluding stock units credited   in lieu of retainer and meeting fees) granted to each non-employee director   in 2017, calculated pursuant to FASB guidance regarding fair value provisions   for share-based awards. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated   Financial Statements included in our 2017 Form 10-K for a discussion of   the relevant assumptions used in calculating grant date fair value. Directors   are generally entitled to dividends paid on unvested shares of restricted   stock and dividend equivalents on vested and unvested restricted stock units. In 2017 we changed our director equity award schedule to more   closely align with our typical schedule of director service dates by linking   our grant dates with our annual meeting dates. As a result of this change, we   made two equity grants to our directors in 2017. The first was a final   January 1, 2017 pro-rata grant designed to compensate directors for the   service period from January 1, 2017 until our 2017 Annual Meeting. This   award vests in two equal annual installments beginning on the first   anniversary of the grant date. The second award was a full annual award   granted on the 2017 Annual Meeting date, which is designed to compensate   directors for the service period from the 2017 Annual Meeting until our 2018   Annual Meeting. Because SEC rules require us to report equity awards   when granted, regardless of the applicable service period, this column shows   an amount larger than our regular $150,000 annual equity award due to this   timing adjustment, even though we have not made any changes to our   non-employee director equity retainer amount for 2017. As of December 31, 2017, the aggregate number of unvested   shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units and the aggregate   number of shares underlying unexercised stock options (all of which are   vested) held by each non-employee director were as follows (shown on a   post-Spin-off basis): Unvested Shares of   Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Shares Underlying   Unexercised Vested Stock Options Ms. Barnes 4,437 shares 0 shares Mr. Gellert 4,437 shares 23,760 shares Mr. Gilchrist 4,437 shares 8,934 shares Mr. Lustig 4,437 shares 9,731 shares Ms. Martino 3,754 shares 0 shares Mr. Pasquale 0 shares 0 shares Mr. Rakowich 3,754 shares 0 shares Mr. Reed 4,437 shares 23,760 shares Mr. Rufrano 4,437 shares 15,265 shares Mr. Shelton 4,437 shares 23,760 shares (3) Mr. Pasquale did not stand for reelection to the Board at   the 2017 Annual Meeting of Directors and therefore terminated his service   with the Board effective as of May 17, 2017. 2018   Proxy Statement 68 Table of Contents EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The following table summarizes information with respect to our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2017: Plan Category (a) Number of Securities   to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Weighted Average   Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (c) Number of Securities   Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders(1) 5,025,342 $ 58.57 7,185,574 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders(2) 86,574 N/A 1,047,752 Total 5,111,916 $ 58.57 8,233,326 (1) These plans consist of: (a) the Employee and Director Stock   Purchase Plan; (b) the 2006 Incentive Plan; (c) the 2006 Stock Plan   for Directors; (d) and the 2012 Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2017,   2,867,381 shares were available for future issuance under the Employee and   Director Stock Purchase Plan (including 785 shares that were purchased by   participants in January 2018 with contributions made during the   December 2017 offering period) and 4,318,978 shares were available for   grant under the 2012 Incentive Plan. No additional grants are permitted under   the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. 2005 Performance Incentive Plan,   the 2006 Incentive Plan or the 2006 Stock Plan for Directors. (2) These plans consist of: (a) the Director Deferred   Compensation Plan, under which our non-employee directors may receive, in   lieu of director fees, units that settle into shares of our common stock on a   one-for-one basis; and (b) the Executive Deferred Stock Compensation   Plan, under which our executive officers may receive, in lieu of   compensation, units that settle into shares of our common stock on a   one-for-one basis. 2018   Proxy Statement 69 Table of Contents SECURITIES OWNERSHIP Directors, Director-Nominees and Executive Officers Beneficial Ownership of Our Common Stock The following table shows, as of March 16, 2018, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each of our directors and director-nominees, each of our Named Executive Officers, and all of our directors, director-nominees and executive officers as a group. For purposes of this table, shares beneficially owned includes shares over which a person has or shares voting power or investment power (whether or not vested). Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, the named persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares of our common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. Each named person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that may be acquired within 60 days of March 16, 2018 through the exercise of stock options or the settlement of stock units, if any, and such shares are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class beneficially owned by such person; however, any such shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class beneficially owned by any other person. Subject to the preceding sentence, percentages are based on 356,310,392 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 16, 2018. Name of Beneficial Owner Vested and Unvested Shares of Common Stock Shares Subject to Options Exercisable within 60 days Stock Units That May Be Settled within 60 days Total Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Melody C. Barnes 8,630 + — + — = 8,630 * Debra A. Cafaro 613,549 (1) + 2,466,500 + — = 3,080,049 (1) * John D. Cobb 47,961 + 373,322 + — = 421,283 * Jay M. Gellert 69,954 + 23,760 + 59,894 = 153,608 * Richard I. Gilchrist 23,933 + 8,934 + — = 32,867 * Todd W. Lillibridge 124,027 + 271,621 + — = 395,648 * Matthew J. Lustig 2,656 + 9,731 + 23,936 = 36,323 * Roxanne M. Martino 4,384 + — + 3,141 = 7,525 * Robert F. Probst 46,103 + 284,243 + — = 330,346 * Walter C. Rakowich 4,384 + — + — = 4,384 * Robert D. Reed 8,973 + 23,760 + 20,308 = 53,041 * T. Richard Riney 213,669 (2) + 310,780 + — = 524,449 (2) * Glenn J. Rufrano 16,748 + 15,265 + 17,465 = 49,478 * James D. Shelton 6,400 + 23,760 + 21,679 = 51,839 * All directors, director-nominees and executive   officers as a group (14 persons) 1,191,371 + 3,811,676 + 146,423 = 5,149,470 1.4 % * Less than 1% (1) Includes 5,000 shares held in trust for the benefit of Ms. Cafaro’s immediate family, as to which Ms. Cafaro’s spouse is the trustee. Ms. Cafaro disclaims beneficial ownership of these 5,000 shares. (2) Includes 1,300 shares held in Mr. Riney’s IRA and 70,000 shares held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Riney’s spouse, as to which Mr. Riney’s spouse is the trustee. 2018   Proxy Statement 70 Table of Contents Director and Executive Officer 10b5-1 Plans From time to time, certain of our directors and executive officers may adopt non-discretionary, written trading plans that comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (“10b5-1 plans”). These 10b5-1 plans permit our directors and executive officers to monetize their equity-based compensation in an automatic and non-discretionary manner over time and are generally adopted for estate, tax and financial planning purposes. Our Securities Trading Policy requires preclearance of any 10b5-1 plan by our legal department and provides that directors and executive officers may enter into or modify a 10b5-1 plan only during an open trading window and while not in possession of material non-public information. In addition, our Securities Trading Policy generally prohibits our directors and executive officers from entering into overlapping 10b5-1 plans. Principal Stockholders The following table shows, as of March 16, 2018, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock: Name and Address of   Beneficial Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class(1) BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 37,796,714 (2) 10.6 % FMR LLC 245 Summer Street Boston, MA 02210 16,868,095 (3) 4.7 % State Street Corporation One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 20,254,510 (4) 5.7 % The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 52,032,253 (5) 14.6 % Vanguard Specialized Funds—Vanguard REIT Index Fund 100 Vanguard Boulevard Malvern, PA 19355 23,979,953 (6) 6.7 % (1) Percentages are based on 356,310,392 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 16, 2018. (2) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc., for itself and for certain of its affiliates (collectively, “BlackRock”), on January 19, 2018. BlackRock reported that, as of December 31, 2017, it had sole voting power over 34,244,539 shares of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 37,796,714 shares of our common stock. BlackRock, Inc. is a parent holding company. (3) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by FMR LLC, for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and Abigail P. Johnson (collectively, “FMR”) on February 13, 2018. FMR reported that, as of December 31, 2017, it had sole voting power over 7,661,055 shares of our common stock and sole dispositive power over 16,868,095 shares of our common stock. Ms. Johnson and members of her family collectively own, directly or through trusts, shares of FMR LLC representing 49% of the voting power of FMR LLC. (4) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by State Street Corp., for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries (collectively, “State Street”), on February 13, 2018. State Street reported that, as of December 31, 2017, it had sole voting and dispositive power over 0 shares of our common stock and shared voting and dispositive power over 20,254,510 shares of our common stock. (5) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. (“Vanguard”) on February 9, 2018. Vanguard reported that, as of December 31, 2017, it had sole voting power over 915,174 shares of our common stock, shared voting power over 525,621 shares of our common stock, sole dispositive power over 51,024,051 shares of our common stock and shared dispositive power over 1,008,202 shares of our common stock. Vanguard is an investment advisor registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 387,381 shares of our common stock as a result of its serving as investment manager of collective trust accounts. Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 1,148,614 shares of our common stock as a result of its serving as investment manager of Australian investment offerings. (6) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by Vanguard Specialized Funds—Vanguard REIT Index Fund (“Vanguard REIT Fund”) on February 2, 2018. Vanguard REIT Fund reported that, as of December 31, 2017, it had sole voting power over 23,979,953 shares of our common stock. 2018   Proxy Statement 71 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) and persons who own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Based solely on our records and on written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that each person who, at any time during 2016, was a director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) of Ventas or beneficially owned more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock timely filed all reports required to be filed by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. PROPOSALS REQUIRING YOUR VOTE Proposal 1: Election of Directors Ten directors currently serve on our Board and nine of our directors are standing for reelection at the 2018 Annual Meeting. Under our By-Laws, in uncontested elections (which is the case for the 2018 Annual Meeting), a majority of votes cast is required for the election of each director. The number of votes cast “for” a director-nominee must exceed the number of votes cast “against” that nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes “for” or “against” a director-nominee and, therefore, will have no effect. Board Refreshment and Average Director Tenure Our Nominating Committee monitors the average tenure of our Board members and seeks to achieve a variety of director tenures in order to benefit from long-tenured directors’ institutional knowledge and newly-elected directors’ fresh perspectives. The Nominating Committee and the Board have refreshed and diversified the composition of the Board over the course of 2015 and 2016 through the departures of our two longest-tenured directors. Ronald Geary, who was previously our longest tenured director, resigned from the Board during 2015 and Mr. Crocker retired from the Board during 2016. Messrs. Crocker and Geary were replaced by Ms. Martino and Mr. Rakowich during 2016. In addition, Doug Pasquale was not renominated for election at our 2017 Annual Meeting. The chart below shows the average tenure of our Board members as of the applicable annual meeting dates, assuming all nine directors nominated for election at the 2018 Annual Meeting are elected. 2015 2016 2017 2018 Average Director Tenure (Years) 8.6 7.8 7.5 8.6 Average Non-Employee Director   Tenure (Years) 8.7 7.4 6.8 7.8 Director Skills Matrix In selecting nominees for the Board, our Nominating Committee considers the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of the current Board members and prospective candidates to ensure a variety of skills and qualifications are represented on the Board. The Nominating Committee monitors these represented attributes through the use of a detailed matrix that measures, among other things, skills, tenure, diversity and other attributes. The matrix below shows certain of the skills, tenure, diversity and other attributes we assess in connection with Board nomination and recruitment of our non-employee Board members as of the 2018 Annual Meeting date, assuming all directors up for election at the 2018 Annual Meeting are elected. 2018   Proxy Statement 72 Table of Contents Experience/Skills M. Barnes J. Gellert R. Gilchrist M. Lustig R. Martino W. Rakowich R. Reed J. Shelton Executive   Experience (CEO) ü ü ü ü ü ü Financial/Accounting   Experience ü ü ü ü ü ü ü SEC   Financial Expert ü ü ü ü ü ü ü REITs/Real   Estate ü ü ü Healthcare,   Senior Housing ü ü ü ü ü ü Capital   Markets ü ü ü ü ü ü Capital   Intensive Industry ü ü ü ü ü Public   Company Executive Compensation ü ü ü ü ü ü Government   Relations/Experience ü ü ü Technology ü Legal ü ü Sales &   Marketing Not-for-Profit ü ü ü Strategic   Planning ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü International   Operations ü Independent ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü Ethnic   Diversity ü Gender F M M M F M M M Board   Tenure (Yrs.) 3.7 16.7 6.8 7.0 1.9 1.9 10.2 10.2 Age   (as of 2018 Annual Meeting) 54 64 72 57 61 60 65 64 In addition, a substantial majority of the nominees serve or have served on boards and board committees (including, in many cases, as board or committee chairs) of other public companies, which we believe provides them with essential leadership experience, exposure to corporate governance best practices and substantial knowledge and skills that enhance the functioning of our Board. Following the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, our Board has nominated the nine individuals listed below for election at the 2018 Annual Meeting, all of whom currently serve as directors. Overboarding and Committee Restrictions The Nominating Committee seeks to recommend candidates that have adequate time to devote to Board activities, recognizing that public company board of directors responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time. Accordingly, the Company maintains an overboarding policy that prohibits directors from simultaneously serving on more than four public company boards other than the Company’s. In addition, the Nominating Committee recognizes that Audit Committee members must have adequate time to devote to Audit Committee activities, given that such responsibilities command a significant portion of directors’ time. As a result, the Company maintains a policy prohibiting Audit Committee members from simultaneously serving on more than two public company audit committees other than the Company’s. The policy grandfathers public company audit committees for which directors are serving as of the policy adoption date. Annual Board Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. The Board and each of its committees conduct self-evaluations related to their performance on an annual basis, including an evaluation of each director. Through this process, directors provide feedback and assess Board, committee and director performance, including areas where the Board believes it is functioning effectively and areas where the Board believes it can improve. Our Nominating Committee supervises the annual self-evaluations and uses various processes from year to year in order to solicit feedback, including periodic in-person interviews conducted by the Presiding Director with each of the Board members. The Board and each committee review and discuss the evaluation results, and take this information into 2018   Proxy Statement 73 Table of Contents account when assessing the qualifications of the Board and further enhancing the effectiveness of the Board and its committees over time. Director Resignation Policy In accordance with our Director Resignation Policy, our Board will nominate an incumbent director for reelection only if the director agrees that, in the event the director fails to receive the required majority vote for reelection, he or she will tender, promptly following certification of the election results, an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon acceptance by the Board. If an incumbent director fails to receive the required majority vote for reelection, our Nominating Committee will act on an expedited basis to determine whether to recommend acceptance or rejection of the director’s resignation and submit its recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board. Our Board will act on the Nominating Committee’s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC no later than 90 days following certification of the election results. Any director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to our Director Resignation Policy may not participate in any Nominating Committee or Board decision regarding that resignation. If less than a majority of the Nominating Committee members receive the required vote in favor of their reelection in the same election, then the independent directors who received the required vote will be constituted by our Board as a committee to consider the tendered resignation(s) and make a recommendation to the Board. However, if three or fewer independent directors receive the required vote in the same election, all directors not required by the Director Resignation Policy to tender a resignation may participate in considering and recommending to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation(s). Under our Guidelines on Governance, a director is required to retire at the first annual meeting of stockholders following his or her 75th birthday. On the recommendation of our Nominating Committee, our Board may waive this requirement as to any director if it deems a waiver to be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Management Succession Planning Our Board regularly reviews short- and long-term succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. In assessing possible Chief Executive Officer candidates, our independent directors identify the skills, experience and attributes they believe are required to be an effective leader in light of the Company’s strategic plan, business opportunities and challenges. The Board employs a similar approach with respect to evaluating possible candidates for other senior management positions. In general, the Board’s management succession planning is designed to anticipate both “planned” successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, as well as unexpected successions, such as those occurring when an executive leaves suddenly to take a new position, or due to death, disability or other unforeseen events. Director Nominees Below is certain biographical and other information regarding the persons nominated for election as directors, which is based upon statements made or confirmed to us by or on behalf of these nominees, except to the extent certain information appears in our records. Ages shown for all nominees are as of the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting. Following each nominee’s biographical information, we have also provided additional information regarding the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills listed in our director skills matrix above that led our Nominating Committee and our Board to determine that such nominee should serve as a director. Each director nominee is subject to a vote at each Annual Meeting. Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Each nominee listed below has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and has agreed to serve as a director if elected, and we expect each nominee to be able to serve if elected. If any nominee is unable or unwilling to accept his or her election or is unavailable to serve for any reason, the persons named as proxies will have authority, according to their judgment, to vote or refrain from voting for such alternate nominee as may be designated by the Board. 2018   Proxy Statement 74 Table of Contents Melody C. Barnes Age: 54 Director since 2014 Nominating Committee Business Experience: Ms. Barnes   is the Co-Founder and Principal of MB Squared Solutions, LLC, a domestic   policy strategy firm, and Chair of the Aspen Institute Forum for Community   Solutions. She also serves as Senior Fellow and Compton Visiting Professor in   World Politics at the Miller Center of the University of Virginia and a   Distinguished Fellow at the University of Virginia School of Law. From 2012   to 2016, she served as Vice Provost, Global Student Leadership Initiatives   and a Senior Fellow at the Robert F. Wagner School of Public Service at New   York University. Ms. Barnes currently serves as a director of Booz Allen   Hamilton Inc. (NYSE: BAH). From January 2009 to January 2012,   Ms. Barnes served in the White House as Director of the Domestic Policy   Council. In this role, she provided policy and strategic advice to President   Obama and coordinated the domestic policy-making process for his   administration. Before joining the White House, she served as the Senior   Domestic Policy Advisor for then-Senator Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign.   Ms. Barnes was the Executive Vice President for Policy at the Center for   American Progress from 2005 to 2008 and a Senior Fellow at the Center for   American Progress from 2003 to 2005, and prior to that she was a principal in   the Raben Group LLC. She also served as Chief Counsel to Senator Edward M.   Kennedy on the Senate Judiciary Committee from 1998 to 2003 and General   Counsel for Senator Kennedy from 1995 to 1998. Current Public Company   Directorships: Booz Allen   Hamilton Inc. (NYSE: BAH) Other Public Company   Directorships during Past Five Years: None Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Barnes   is an attorney with significant government experience and strong skills in   public policy, strategy and leadership and development, as well as leading   not-for-profit organizations. Debra A. Cafaro Age: 60 Director since 1999 Executive and Investment Committees Business Experience: Ms. Cafaro has been our Chief Executive Officer and a   director since 1999 and Chairman of the Board since 2003. She also served as   our President from 1999 to November 2010. She is the Chair Elect of the   Real Estate Roundtable and serves on the Executive Committee of the Boards of   the Real Estate Roundtable and the Economic Club of Chicago. She is an owner   and member of the Management Committee of the Pittsburgh Penguins, a National   Hockey League team. Ms. Cafaro is also a member of the Boards of   University of Chicago, Chicago Infrastructure Trust, Executives’ Club of   Chicago, Chicago Symphony Orchestra and World Business Chicago. In 2010,   Ms. Cafaro served as Chair of the National Association of Real Estate   Investment Trusts (NAREIT), where she was honored with NAREIT’s Industry   Leadership Award. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of PNC   Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) and previously served on the Board   of Directors of the Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE: WY) from 2007-2016. She is a   member of the Business Council. Current Public Company Directorships: PNC   Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: Weyerhaeuser   Company (NYSE: WY) (2007-2016) Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Cafaro has substantial executive experience,   leadership ability and a proven record of accomplishment, with strong skills   in real estate, law, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, capital   markets, strategic planning and other public company matters. Jay M. Gellert Age: 64 Director since 2001 Compensation (Chair), Executive and Investment Committees Business Experience: Mr. Gellert was President and Chief Executive Officer of   Health Net, Inc. (NYSE: HNT) (“Health Net”), an integrated managed care   organization that administers the delivery of managed healthcare services,   from 1998 until it was acquired in 2016. He served as President and Chief   Operating Officer of Health Net from 1997 to 1998 and as President, Chief   Operating Officer and a director of its predecessor, Health Systems   International, Inc. (“HSI”), a health maintenance organization, from   1996 to 1997. Before joining HSI, Mr. Gellert directed strategic   advisory engagements for Shattuck Hammond Partners in the area of integrated   delivery systems development, managed care network formation and physician   group practice integration. He has also previously served as President and   Chief Executive Officer of Bay Pacific Health Corporation, Senior Vice   President and Chief Operating Officer for California Healthcare System and as   an independent consultant. Mr. Gellert is currently a member of the   Board of Directors of America’s Health Insurance Plans. Current Public Company Directorships: None Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: Health   Net, Inc. (formerly NYSE: HNT) (1998-2016) Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Gellert has substantial healthcare executive   experience, with strong skills in government relations, mergers and   acquisitions, strategy, and public company executive compensation. 2018   Proxy Statement 75 Table of Contents Richard I. Gilchrist Age: 72 Director since 2011 Compensation, Investment (Chair) and Nominating Committees Business Experience: Mr. Gilchrist served as President of The Irvine Company’s   Investment Properties Group (“IPG”) from 2006 to July 2011, and as a   member of the Office of the Chairman. Mr. Gilchrist has served as chief   executive and founder of several major public and private REITs and real   estate operating companies with investments throughout the United States. In   his role as IPG President, Mr. Gilchrist guided all aspects of The   Irvine Company’s office, retail, resort and apartment properties in Southern   California and Silicon Valley, including development, marketing and   management. Mr. Gilchrist now serves as Senior Advisor to The Irvine   Company, responsible for acquisitions and other investments. The Irvine   Company is a 140-year old privately held company known throughout the world   as a best-of-class master planner and long-term owner, investor and operator   of a large and diversified real estate portfolio. Prior to joining The Irvine   Company, Mr. Gilchrist served as President and Co-Chief Executive of   Maguire Properties, Inc., where he oversaw significant growth in the   company’s portfolio, through acquisitions and development, and spearheaded   its successful initial public offering in 2003. Before joining Maguire   Properties, Mr. Gilchrist served as President and Chief Executive   Officer of the privately held REIT, Commonwealth Atlantic Properties, where   he managed the planning and entitlement of an 11 million square foot   mixed-use project. Mr. Gilchrist currently serves as Chairman of the   Board and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of TIER   REIT, Inc. (NYSE:TIER), Chairman of the Board of Spirit Realty   Capital, Inc. (NYSE: SRC), and a director, Audit Committee member and   Chairman of the Affiliate Transaction Committee of Blackstone Real Estate   Income Trust, Inc., a non-traded REIT. Mr. Gilchrist is a member of   the Whittier College Board of Trustees and the UCLA School of Law Board of   Advisors. Mr. Gilchrist was also a co-founder and managing partner of   CommonWealth Partners, LLC, an advisor and venture partner with the   California Public Employees’ Retirement System, and a senior partner of   Maguire Thomas Partners, a national real estate developer and operator. Current Public Company Directorships: Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. (NYSE: SRC) TIER   REIT, Inc. (NYSE: TIER) Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: BioMed   Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: BMR) (2007-2014) Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Gilchrist has a strong background in real estate,   strategy, law and executive compensation and has served as chief executive   and founder of several major public and private REITs and real estate   operating companies with investments throughout the United States. Matthew J. Lustig Age: 57 Director since 2011 Executive and Investment Committees Business Experience: Mr. Lustig is Head of North America Investment Banking and   Head of Real Estate and Lodging at Lazard Frères & Co. LLC. He also   heads the real estate private equity successor entities of Lazard as a   Managing Director of LAI Partners LLC (“LAI”). From May 2011 to   December 2012, Mr. Lustig served as Chairman of the Board of Atria   Senior Living, Inc. In addition, Mr. Lustig is or has been a board   member of several public and private portfolio investments of funds managed   by LAI or its affiliates. Prior to joining Lazard Frères & Co. in   1989, Mr. Lustig was a First Vice President at Drexel Burnham Lambert   and was previously a lending officer with Chase Manhattan Bank, specializing   in credit, construction, and real estate finance. Mr. Lustig is a member   of various industry organizations and serves on the Boards of Pension Real   Estate Association, the Larson Leadership Initiative of the Urban Land   Institute, The Wharton School Zell/Lurie Real Estate Center and the Real   Estate Advisory Board at Columbia University School of Business. He is also a   member of the Board of Directors of Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP),   an office property REIT, and is on the Board of Visitors of the School of   Foreign Service at Georgetown University. Current Public Company Directorships: Boston   Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP) Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: None Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Lustig has extensive experience in investing in real   estate companies and assets domestically and internationally, including   seniors housing, and advising on real estate and corporate finance, capital   structure, mergers and acquisitions and strategic transactions. Roxanne M. Martino Age: 61 Director since 2016 Compensation Committee Business Experience: Ms. Martino is the Managing Partner of OceanM19. From 1990   to 2016, Ms. Martino led Aurora Investment Management L.L.C. (“Aurora”)   and its predecessor companies, including acting as CEO, Partner, and Chair of   the Investment Committee. Over nearly three decades, Ms. Martino built   the Chicago firm into one of the largest managers in the fund-of-funds   industry, managing $14 billion at Aurora’s peak. In 2012 Aurora won Hedge   Funds Review’s Best Diversified Fund of Hedge Funds over 10 years. Prior to   joining Aurora, Ms. Marino was a General Partner of Grosvenor Capital   Management. She began her career at Coopers & Lybrand, now PwC,   where she was a senior manager focusing on the commodities and securities   areas. Ms. Martino received a Bachelor of Business Administration from   the University of Notre Dame in 1977 and a Master of Business Administration   from the University of Chicago in 1988. Ms. Martino is the Co-chair of   the Business Council at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business,   serves on the Board as Vice-Chair of the Executive Committee and is   Chairperson of the Investment Committee of Ann & Robert H. Lurie   Children’s Hospital of Chicago and the Board of The Economics Club of   Chicago. She is also a Director of Thresholds, a Chicago-based not-for-profit   psychiatric rehabilitation organization. In 2015, Ms. Martino was an   inaugural inductee into the InvestHedge Hall of Fame and was recognized as   one of “50 Leading Women in Hedge Funds,” by the Hedge Fund Journal and was   honored by DePaul University as the “DePaul University Executive of the Year”   based on her lifetime of professional achievement. Current Public Company Directorships: None Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: None Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Martino is a trailblazer in the fund-of-funds industry   with extensive executive experience and strong skills in strategy, accounting   and corporate finance. 2018   Proxy Statement 76 Table of Contents Walter C. Rakowich Age: 60 Director since 2016 Audit Committee Business Experience: Mr. Rakowich served as Chief Executive Officer of   Prologis, Inc. (NYSE: PLD) from November 2008 through   June 2011, when Prologis and AMB Property Corporation merged. Following   the merger, he served as co-CEO of Prologis until December 31, 2012,   when he retired. Before becoming CEO, Mr. Rakowich held a number of   senior management positions at Prologis, including managing director and   chief financial officer and president and chief operating officer. He served   on the Prologis Board from January 2005 through December 2012.   Prior to joining Prologis, Mr. Rakowich was a partner and principal with   real estate provider Trammell Crow Company. He began his career at Price   Waterhouse. He received his MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS, with   distinction, from Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Rakowich is a   member of the Board of Directors of Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.   (NYSE: HST), where he is the company’s Lead Independent Director and Chairman   of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and Iron Mountain Inc. (NYSE:   IRM), where he is Chairman of the Audit Committee. He also serves on the   Board of the Global Food Exchange. He was appointed to the Board of Trustees   at The Pennsylvania State University in 2014 and serves as Chairman of the   University Board’s Audit and Risk Committee. He is also Chairman of the Board   of Colorado UpLift and a Board member of the Alliance for School Choice in   Education. Current Public Company Directorships: Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: HST) Iron   Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: Prologis, Inc.   (NYSE: PLD) (2005-2012) Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Rakowich is a recognized leader in the real estate   industry with extensive executive experience and strong skills in strategy,   accounting and financial reporting, international operations, mergers and   acquisitions, capital markets and corporate finance. Robert D. Reed Age: 65 Director since 2008 Audit (Chair) and Executive Committees Business Experience: Mr. Reed was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial   Officer of Sutter Health, a family of not-for-profit hospitals and physicians   organizations in northern California, until his retirement on January 1,   2015. Prior to that, he held various finance positions within Sutter Health   and its affiliates. Before he became a hospital system executive,   Mr. Reed was an investment banker specializing in healthcare finance for   hospital systems at various national financial firms, including Eastdil,   Paine Webber and American Health Capital. Mr. Reed presently serves on   the board of Metta Fund, a private non-profit foundation. Current Public Company Directorships: None Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: None Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Reed has a strong background in healthcare finance and   operations, accounting and financial reporting, managing capital intensive   operations and strategic planning, as well as leading not-for-profit   organizations. James D. Shelton Age: 64 Director since 2008 Presiding Director since 2016 Compensation, Executive (Chair) and Nominating (Chair) Committees Business Experience: Mr. Shelton was non-executive Chairman of the Board of   Omnicare, Inc. (formerly NYSE: OCR) (“Omnicare”), a pharmaceutical care   provider, until it was acquired in 2015. Mr. Shelton also serves as Lead   Independent Director for Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   EVHC), a company that offers physician-led healthcare-related services. From   August 2010 to January 2011, Mr. Shelton served as interim   Chief Executive Officer of Omnicare. Previously, he served as Chief Executive   Officer and Chairman of the Board of Triad Hospitals, Inc. (formerly   NYSE: TRI) (“Triad”), an owner and manager of hospitals and ambulatory   surgery centers, from 1999 until it was sold in July 2007. Before   leading the formation and spin-off of Triad from Columbia/HCA Healthcare   Corporation (now known as HCA Inc.) (“HCA”), Mr. Shelton was President   of the Pacific Group of HCA from 1998 to 1999 and President of the Central   Group of HCA from 1994 to 1998. During his more than 30 years of healthcare   experience, he has also held various executive positions with National   Medical Enterprises (now known as Tenet Healthcare Corporation).   Mr. Shelton previously served on the Boards of Optimal IMX, Inc.,   the Federation of American Hospitals and the American Hospital Association. Current Public Company Directorships: Envision   Healthcare Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: EVHC) Other Public Company Directorships during Past   Five Years: Omnicare, Inc.   (formerly NYSE: OCR) (June 2007-August 2015) Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Shelton has extensive executive experience in the   healthcare industry, with strong skills in hospital administration and   finance, managing capital intensive operations, mergers and acquisitions,   strategy, executive compensation, government relations and corporate   governance. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR each of the named director-nominees. 2018   Proxy Statement 77 Table of Contents Proposal 2: Ratification of the Selection of KPMG as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2018 Our Board has approved our Audit Committee’s selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018. KPMG has been our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2014. Although not required by our By-Laws or otherwise, we are submitting the selection of KPMG to our stockholders for ratification because the Board values our stockholders’ views and believes such submission is appropriate as a matter of good corporate practice. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to ratify the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2018. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against such proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. If our stockholders fail to ratify this selection, it will be considered a recommendation to the Audit Committee and Board to consider the selection of a different firm, and the Audit Committee and Board may select another independent registered public accounting firm without resubmitting the matter to the stockholders. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. We expect that representatives of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions and have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR ratification of the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018. Audit Committee Report Management has primary responsibility for our financial statements and the reporting process, including our system of internal controls, subject to oversight by our Audit Committee on behalf of our Board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017, including the quality, not just the acceptability, of our accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. Our Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm, who is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, its judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of our accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under generally accepted auditing standards, including Statement on Auditing Standards No. 16, Communications with Audit Committees , which superseded Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended and as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”) in Rule 3200T. The Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable PCAOB rules regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee regarding independence. In addition, our Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm that firm’s independence from our company and its management, and the Audit Committee has considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the firm’s independence. Our Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for its audit. The Audit Committee meets regularly with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of its examination of our financial statements, its evaluations of our internal controls, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. Our Audit Committee oversees the process for, and ultimately approves, the selection of the independent auditor’s lead engagement partner at the five-year mandatory rotation period. At the Audit Committee’s instruction, KPMG selects candidates to be considered for the lead engagement partner role, who are then interviewed by the Audit Committee Chair and members of our senior management team. After discussing the results of the Audit Committee Chair’s and senior management’s interviews, the remaining members of the Audit Committee interview the candidates. The Audit Committee then considers the appointment and votes on the selection. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018   Proxy Statement 78 Table of Contents 2017 for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee also recommended, and the Board approved, the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018. AUDIT COMMITTEE Robert D. Reed, Chair Walter C. Rakowich Glenn J. Rufrano Audit and Non-Audit Fees KPMG audited our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 and has been our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2014. Fees billed for professional services rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows: 2017 2016 Audit Fees (1) $ 3,885,000 $ 3,596,000 Audit-Related Fees — — Tax Fees (2) — 45,737 All Other Fees (3) 2,500 2,000 Total $ 3,887,500 $ 3,643,737 (1) Audit   Fees include the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by   KPMG for the audit of our annual consolidated and entity level financial   statements (including debt covenant compliance letters), audit of internal   control over financial reporting, review of interim financial statements   included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, advice on audit and   accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review   of interim financial statements, and work on securities offerings and other   filings with the SEC, including comfort letters, consents and comment   letters. (2) Tax Fees   in 2016 consist principally of advice on tax-planning matters primarily related   to acquisitions. (3) All   Other Fees relate to annual subscription fees for KPMG’s online technical   research site. All audit-related services, tax services and other services provided by KPMG since the date of its engagement were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies described below. The Audit Committee determined that the provision of these services by KPMG did not compromise KPMG’s independence and was consistent with its role as our independent registered public accounting firm. Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services Consistent with the requirements of the SEC and the PCAOB, our Audit Committee has responsibility for retaining, compensating and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has implemented procedures relating to the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that the provision of such services and related fees does not impair the firm’s independence. In accordance with these procedures, the annual audit services and related fees of the independent registered public accounting firm are subject to specific approval by our Audit Committee. Prior to its engagement, which typically occurs during the first quarter of each fiscal year, the independent registered public accounting firm must provide the Audit Committee with an engagement letter outlining the scope of proposed audit services for that year and the related fees. If agreed to by the Audit Committee, the engagement letter will be formally accepted as evidenced by its execution by the chair of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will then review and approve, if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions and fees resulting from changes in audit scope, company structure or other matters. In addition, our Audit Committee may grant pre-approval for those permissible non-audit services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. However, the Audit Committee may not grant approval for any services categorized by the SEC as “Prohibited Non-Audit Services.” Generally prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, management submits to the Audit Committee a list of certain non-audit services and related fees expected to be rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm during that year. Following review, the Audit Committee pre-approves the non-audit services within each category, and the fees for each category are budgeted. The term of any pre-approved non-audit service is 12 months from the date of pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee 2018   Proxy Statement 79 Table of Contents specifically provides for a different period. Fee levels for all non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm are established periodically by the Audit Committee, and any proposed services exceeding those levels require separate pre-approval by the Audit Committee. Upon request, the independent registered public accounting firm must provide detailed supporting documentation to the Audit Committee regarding the particular services to be provided. To obtain approval of other permissible non-audit services, management must submit to the Audit Committee those non-audit services for which it recommends the Audit Committee engage the independent registered public accounting firm, and both management and the independent registered public accounting firm must confirm to the Audit Committee that each non-audit service for which approval is requested is not a Prohibited Non-Audit Service. Our Chief Accounting Officer is responsible for tracking all fees for pre-approved non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, and at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, management reports on the pre-approved non-audit services provided during the quarter and year-to-date and the fees incurred for such services during such periods. Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation We are submitting to our stockholders a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to the SEC’s compensation disclosure rules. Our executive compensation program is designed to achieve certain key objectives, including: ü attracting,   retaining and motivating talented executives; ü rewarding   performance that meets or exceeds pre-established company and tailored   individual goals consistent with our strategic plan, while maintaining   alignment with stockholders; ü providing   balanced incentives that discourage excessive risk-taking; ü retaining   sufficient flexibility to permit our executive officers to manage risk and   adjust appropriately to meet rapidly changing market and business conditions; ü evaluating   performance by balancing consideration of measures over which management has   significant direct influence with market forces that management cannot   control (such as monetary policy and interest rate expectations), but that   impact stockholder value; ü encouraging   executives to become and remain long-term stockholders of our company; and ü maintaining   compensation and corporate governance practices that support our goal to   deliver sustained, superior returns to stockholders. Below is a summary of some of the key features of our executive compensation program: ü We   generally targeted approximately the median of the Comparable Companies on an   overall, total direct compensation basis, subject to adjustment based on the   unique skills, expertise and individual contributions of each Named Executive   Officer. Our 2017 executive compensation program was designed to deliver   compensation levels above or below these targets if performance exceeded or   fell below the goals established under our annual cash and long-term equity   incentive plans. ü A   significant portion of our executive compensation is performance-based cash   and long-term equity incentive compensation. Our annual cash and long-term   equity incentive awards are only earned if our Named Executive Officers   achieve certain threshold performance levels with respect to various measures   that support long-term stockholder value, including three-year relative TSR   metrics. ü Our   annual cash incentive awards may be paid, if at all, only after the requisite   performance level has been achieved. Consistent with our new forward-looking   incentive plan, long-term equity incentive awards may be earned, if at all,   based on future three-year performance in relation to the performance goals   set at the beginning of the performance period. 2018   Proxy Statement 80 Table of Contents ü We   support pay-for-performance by targeting a mix of executive compensation that   emphasizes equity incentive awards that may be earned and vest based on   long-term performance, with less weight on fixed annual cash compensation.   The use of equity awards encourages management to create long-term   stockholder value because the award value is directly attributable to changes   in the price of our common stock over time. Equity awards are also an   effective tool for management retention because vesting of the awards   generally requires continued employment over multiple years. ü Our   Compensation Committee annually reviews the compensation practices and   programs of our compensation peer group (generally selected based on their   similarity to us in terms of operations, FFO, enterprise value, market   capitalization and total assets) and receives guidance from its independent   compensation consultant on compensation best practices. ü Our   share ownership guidelines require our executive officers and directors to   maintain significant ownership of our common stock to further align interests   with our stockholders. Our Securities Trading Policy prohibits our directors,   executive officers and employees from engaging in derivative and other   hedging transactions in our securities and restricts our executive officers   and directors from holding our securities in margin accounts or otherwise   pledging our securities to secure loans without the approval of our Audit   Committee (no executive officer or director pledged or held our securities in   margin accounts at any time during 2017). In addition, we implemented a number of changes to our executive compensation program in 2017 to be responsive to the feedback we had received from our stockholders as we solicited feedback from our largest stockholders on three separate occasions during 2016 and 2017 as part of our long-term equity compensation plan redesign process: As a result of these changes, we received support from over 95% of our stockholders with respect to our 2017 advisory vote on our Named Executive Officers’ compensation. 2018   Proxy Statement 81 Table of Contents Our long history of delivering sustained, superior returns to stockholders continued in 2017: ü Though   below our historical average, our 0.7% TSR in 2017 outperformed the three   large-cap diversified healthcare REITs in 2017 and our TSR ranked first in   this group for the one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods ended   December 31, 2017 (as well as since 2000), demonstrating short- and   long-term outperformance during varied economic cycles. ü For the   period from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2017 (the 18 full   fiscal years of our Chief Executive Officer’s tenure), we delivered compound   annual TSR of 24%, dramatically outperforming our peers, the S&P 500   index and the MSCI REIT Index. ü We   increased our dividend by 5% in 2017. In determining the incentive compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers for 2017, our Compensation Board Members rigorously evaluated company and individual performance relative to the pre-established measures and goals under our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans. Our Compensation Board Members recognized our strong financial and operating performance, evidenced primarily by our: ü Revenue, NOI,   Same-Store Cash NOI and Net Cash from Operating Activities Growth : Ø Achieved record $3.6 billion revenue and $2.1 billion NOI,   delivering 2.5% same-store cash NOI growth, at the high end of our initial   guidance, and 5% growth in net cash provided by operating activities, up to a   record level; ü Effective Balance Sheet   Management and Efficient Capital Markets Execution : Ø Continued strengthening of our balance sheet by maintaining our   excellent leverage and improving our liquidity by $1.4 billion, ending the   year at 5.7x net debt to adjusted pro forma EBITDA and 4.6x fixed charge   coverage; Ø Completion of $4.5 billion in efficient long-term capital   raises, including more than $1 billion in long-term debt at attractive rates,   an upsized and extended revolving credit facility with $3 billion in   borrowing capacity at improved pricing and a $400 million revolving   construction credit facility to facilitate funding our broadening development   pipeline; ü Value-Creating Investments : Ø Made and committed to $1.8 billion of attractive, value-creating   investments, including funding (i) the continued growth in our university-based life sciences and   innovation business with significant developments and acquisitions (grown by   37% since inception with a strong pipeline of opportunities),   (ii) Ardent Health Services’ successful acquisition of LHP Hospital   Group and (iii) selective SHOP and MOB development and redevelopment   deals; ü Profitable Dispositions : Ø Accelerated our strategic and highly profitable disposition   program, closing greater than $900 million in profitable dispositions and   receipt of timely loan repayments in 2017 and recognizing greater than $700   million in gains, including substantially exiting the skilled nursing   business through disposal of more than $700 million in skilled nursing   assets; ü Investor Relations and Customer   Focus : Ø Expanded investor relations engagement through non-deal   roadshows, operator presentations, property tours and targeted outreach   highlighting areas of increased focus; Ø Successful negotiation of collaborative and mutually beneficial   arrangements with our leading operators, such as the successful   recapitalization of Atria Senior Living; 2018   Proxy Statement 82 Table of Contents Ø Completion of several customer-focused initiatives, including   support for senior living employee assistance programs, hurricane assistance,   procurement referrals and working with our operators on growth and cost   savings initiatives; ü Sustainability, Values,   Reputation and Industry Leadership : Ø We were named among Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies”   and received numerous prestigious awards in 2017 and early 2018 in   recognition of our philanthropy, reputation, commitment to superior   governance and results, industry leaders, exemplary stewardship and world-class   team. Ø Ownership of an industry-leading portfolio of 69 ENERGY STAR   Certified buildings and 37 LEED Certified buildings, which includes over $500   million of investment in 8 active developments pursuing LEED certification   and receipt of a broad range of awards and recognitions during the year in   REIT space, healthcare industry and among global corporations, including   inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (attaining top quartile   results across ESG metrics among all North American Real Estate companies),   achieving the #1 rank among public Healthcare REITs in the 2017 GRESB Real   Estate Assessment on Sustainability and representation in the FTSE4GOOD   Sustainability Index Series and MSCI Global Sustainability Index; Ø We are on track to meet our 10-year targets to reduce our   environmental impact from a 2013 baseline, which includes 10% reductions in   energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions, 5% reduction in water usage and 4%   reduction in landfill waste; Ø Identified as a “Winning Company” in the 2020 Women on Boards   Gender Diversity Index and a “Corporate Champion” by the Women’s Forum of New   York for having an industry-leading 30% female Board of Directors; Ø Ventas Charitable Foundation contributed almost $1 million to 80   organizations in 2017, including our ongoing 5-year, $1 million marquee   partnership with the Greater Chicago Food Depository to alleviate senior   hunger; and Ø Greater than 90 percent of requests have been met and in excess   of $500,000 given to an Employee Charitable Fund, which provides grants to   organizations that are directly nominated by our employees. Our Compensation Board Members have carefully evaluated our overall executive compensation program and believe that it is well designed to achieve our objectives of retaining talented executives and rewarding superior performance in the context of our business risk environment. By maintaining a performance- and achievement-oriented environment that provides the opportunity to earn market-competitive levels of compensation, we believe that our executive compensation program is structured optimally to support our goal to deliver sustained, superior returns to stockholders, and our exceptional long-term performance demonstrates the success of this program. Based on the information provided above and elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, we believe our executive compensation program is designed appropriately to support our key objectives. Accordingly, our Board recommends that stockholders vote in favor of the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the 2017 Summary Compensation Table, the accompanying compensation tables and the related narrative disclosure.” The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required to approve, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes against such proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. Although the results of the stockholder vote on this proposal are non-binding, the Board values continuing and constructive feedback from our stockholders on compensation. Our Compensation Board Members will consider the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation decisions. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of our executive compensation. 2018   Proxy Statement 83 Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS; OTHER INFORMATION Questions and Answers What is a proxy? What is a proxy statement? A proxy is a legal designation of a person to vote on your behalf. A proxy statement is the document we must give you when we ask you to sign a proxy. It is required by SEC rules. We have designated two of our officers as proxies for the Annual Meeting: Debra A. Cafaro and Robert F. Probst. By completing and returning the enclosed proxy card, you are giving each of these officers the authority to vote your shares in the manner you indicate on your proxy card. Who can vote at the Annual Meeting? You are qualified to vote on all matters presented to the stockholders at the Annual Meeting if you own shares of our common stock at the close of business on the record date, March 16, 2018. What is a stockholder of record versus a beneficial owner of Ventas common stock? This is a matter of how your ownership of our common stock is recorded. If your ownership is recorded in your name with our stock transfer agent, you are a stockholder of record . If your shares are held by (and in the name of) a broker, bank or custodian, you are a beneficial owner of those shares. What do I need in order to attend the Annual Meeting in person? You are entitled to attend the Annual Meeting only if you were a Ventas stockholder as of the close of business on the record date, March 16, 2018, or you hold a valid proxy for the meeting. In order to be admitted to the Annual Meeting, you must present photo identification (such as a driver’s license) and proof of ownership of shares of our common stock on the record date. Proof of ownership can be accomplished through the following: ü a   brokerage statement or letter from your broker or custodian with respect to   your ownership of shares of our common stock on March 16, 2018; ü the   Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials; ü a   printout of the proxy distribution email (if you receive your materials   electronically); ü a proxy   card; ü a   voting instruction form; or ü a legal   proxy provided by your broker, bank or custodian. For the safety and security of our stockholders, we will be unable to admit you to the Annual Meeting if you do not present photo identification and proof of ownership of shares of our common stock or if you otherwise refuse to comply with our security procedures. How do I revoke a vote? If you are a stockholder of record, you can revoke your prior vote by proxy if you: ü execute   and return a later-dated proxy card before your proxy is voted at the Annual   Meeting; ü vote by   telephone or over the Internet no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern   time on May 14, 2018; ü deliver   a written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at our principal   executive offices located at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300,   Chicago, Illinois 60654, before your proxy is voted at the Annual   Meeting; or 2018   Proxy Statement 84 Table of Contents ü attend   the Annual Meeting and vote in person (attendance by itself will not revoke   your prior vote by proxy). If you are a beneficial owner, follow the instructions provided by your broker, bank or custodian to revoke your vote by proxy, if applicable. How are proxies solicited and what is the cost? Our company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies by or on behalf of our Board. In addition to solicitation through the mail, proxies may be solicited in person or by telephone or electronic communication by our directors, officers and employees, none of whom will receive additional compensation for these services. We have engaged Georgeson Inc. to distribute and solicit proxies on our behalf and will pay Georgeson Inc. a fee of $9,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, for these services. We will also reimburse brokers and other custodians for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with distributing forms of proxies and proxy materials to beneficial owners of our common stock. What is householding? To eliminate duplicate mailings, conserve natural resources and reduce our printing costs and postage fees, we engage in householding and will deliver a single set of proxy materials (other than proxy cards, which will remain separate) to our stockholders who share the same address and who have the same last name or consent in writing. If your household receives multiple copies of our proxy materials, you may request to receive only one copy by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. at (800) 542-1061 or in writing at Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Similarly, if your household receives only one copy of our proxy materials, you may request an additional copy by contacting Broadridge as indicated above. We will deliver the requested additional copy promptly following our receipt of your request. Other Information The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting will be necessary to approve any other proposal that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, abstentions will have the same effect as votes against any such proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect. Our Board is not aware of any matters that are expected to come before the Annual Meeting other than those set forth in the Notice of Meeting and described in this Proxy Statement. If any other matter should properly come before the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the accompanying form of proxy, or their substitutes, will have discretionary voting authority with respect to any such stockholder proposal. No dissenters’ or appraisal rights are available with respect to the proposals presently being submitted to the stockholders for their consideration at the Annual Meeting. REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS, DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND OTHER BUSINESS Under SEC rules, any stockholder proposal intended to be presented at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by us at our principal executive offices at 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654 not later than December 3, 2018 and meet the requirements of our By-Laws and Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials for that meeting. Any such proposal should be sent to the attention of our Corporate Secretary. Under our By-Laws, stockholders must follow certain procedures to introduce an item for business or to nominate a person for election as a director at an annual meeting. For director nominations and other stockholder proposals, the stockholder must give timely notice in writing to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices and such proposal must be a proper subject for stockholder action. To be timely, we must receive notice of a stockholder’s intention to make a nomination or to propose an item of business at our 2019 Annual Meeting at least 120 days, but not more than 150 days, prior to the anniversary of the mailing of this Proxy Statement (April 2, 2019); however, if we hold our 2019 2018   Proxy Statement 85 Table of Contents Annual Meeting more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, we must receive the notice not earlier than the 150th day prior to the annual meeting date, and not later than the 120th day prior to the annual meeting date or the tenth day following the date on which we first publicly announce the date of the 2019 Annual Meeting, whichever occurs later. For any other meeting, we must receive notice of a stockholder’s intention to make a nomination or to propose an item of business not later than the 30th day prior to the date of such meeting or the tenth day following the date on which we first publicly announce the date of such meeting, whichever occurs later. Notices relating to director nominations and other stockholder proposals must include (among other information, as specified in our By-Laws): ü as to   each person proposed to be nominated for election as a director, all   information relating to that person that would be required to be disclosed in   connection with the solicitation of proxies for election as a director pursuant   to Section 14 of the Exchange Act; ü as to   each other item of business, a brief description of such business, the   stockholder’s reasons for proposing such business and any material interest   that the stockholder or any of the stockholder’s associates may have in such   business; and ü as to   the stockholder giving the notice, the stockholder’s associates and any   proposed director-nominee: the name and address of such person; the class,   series and number of all shares of our capital stock owned by such person   (and the name of the record holder, if beneficially owned), the date the   shares were acquired and any short interest of such person in our securities;   whether and to what extent such person has engaged in any hedging or   derivative transactions in our securities during the preceding   12 months; and the investment strategy or objective of such person. The persons appointed as proxies for our 2019 Annual Meeting will have discretionary voting authority with respect to any director nomination or other stockholder proposal that is submitted to us otherwise than in conformity with our By-Laws. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A copy of our 2017 Annual Report and our 2017 Form 10-K accompanies this Proxy Statement. Stockholders may also obtain a copy of our 2017 Form 10-K, excluding exhibits, without charge, upon request to our Corporate Secretary at Ventas, Inc., 353 North Clark Street, Suite 3300, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Copies of the exhibits to our 2017 Form 10-K will be provided to any requesting stockholder, provided that such stockholder agrees to reimburse us for our reasonable costs to provide those exhibits. By Order of the Board of Directors, Debra A. Cafaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chicago, Illinois April 2, 2018 2018   Proxy Statement 86 Table of Contents ANNEX A Table of Contents NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES RECONCILIATION Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 2016 2015 (In thousands, except per share data) Income   from continuing operations $ 643,949 $ 554,209 $ 389,539 Income from continuing operations per share $ 1.80 $ 1.59 $ 1.17 Discontinued   operations (110) (922) 11,103 Gain   on real estate dispositions 717,273 98,203 18,580 Net   income 1,361,112 651,490 419,222 Net   income attributable to noncontrolling interests 4,642 2,259 1,379 Net   income attributable to common stockholders $ 1,356,470 $ 649,231 $ 417,843 Net income attributable to common stockholders per share $ 3.78 $ 1.86 $ 1.25 Adjustments: Depreciation   and amortization on real estate assets 881,088 891,985 887,126 Depreciation   on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests (7,565) (7,785) (7,906) Depreciation   on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities 4,231 5,754 7,353 (Gain)   loss on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net (3,027) — 176 Gain   on real estate dispositions (717,273) (98,203) (18,580) Gain   on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests 18 — — (Gain)   loss on real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities (1,057) (439) 19 Discontinued   operations: Loss   (gain) on real estate dispositions — 1 (231) Depreciation   and amortization on real estate assets — — 79,608 FFO   attributable to common stockholders $ 1,512,885 $ 1,440,544 $ 1,365,408 FFO attributable to common stockholders per share $ 4.22 $ 4.13 $ 4.09 Adjustments: Merger-related   expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 14,823 28,290 152,344 Non-cash   income tax benefit (22,387) (34,227) (42,384) Impact   of tax reform (36,539) — — Loss   on extinguishment of debt, net 839 2,779 15,797 Gain   on non-real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities (39) (557) — Change   in fair value of financial instruments (41) 62 460 Amortization   of other intangibles 1,458 1,752 2,058 Other   items related to unconsolidated entities 3,188 — — Non-cash   impact of changes to equity plan 5,453 — — Natural   disaster expenses (recoveries), net 11,601 — — Normalized   FFO attributable to common stockholders $ 1,491,241 $ 1,438,643 $ 1,493,683 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders per share $ 4.16 $ 4.13 $ 4.47 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For that reason, we consider FFO and normalized FFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. In particular, we believe that normalized FFO is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and normalized FFO because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results. 2018   Proxy Statement A- 1 Table of Contents We use the NAREIT definition of FFO. NAREIT defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains or losses from sales of real estate property, including gains or losses on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan and derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our income statement; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations made to the Ventas Charitable Foundation; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other unusual items related to unconsolidated entities; (g) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters; and (h) net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters. FFO and normalized FFO presented herein may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. FFO and normalized FFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income or income from continuing operations (both determined in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are they necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. We believe that income from continuing operations is the most comparable GAAP measure because it provides insight into our continuing operations. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, FFO and normalized FFO should be examined in conjunction with net income and income from continuing operations. 2018   Proxy Statement A- 2 Table of Contents Same-Store Cash NOI (on a Constant Currency Basis) For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 2016 (Dollars in thousands) Income from continuing operations $ 643,949 $ 554,209 Adjustments: Interest   and other income (6,034) (876) Interest 448,196 419,740 Depreciation   and amortization 887,948 898,924 General,   administrative and professional fees 135,490 126,875 Loss   on extinguishment of debt, net 754 2,779 Merger-related   expenses and deal costs 10,535 24,635 Other 20,052 9,988 Loss   (income) from unconsolidated entities 561 (4,358) Income   tax benefit (59,799) (31,343) Reported NOI 2,081,652 2,000,573 Adjustments: Modification   fee — 2,720 Normalizing   adjustment for technology costs 3,375 — NOI not   included in same-store (300,996) (271,027) Straight-lining   of rental income (23,133) (27,988) Non-cash   rental income (17,700) (18,383) Non-segment   NOI (119,208) (101,214) NOI   impact from change in FX — 256 (457,662) (415,636) Same-Store cash NOI (USD) $ 1,623,990 $ 1,584,937 Percentage increase (USD) 2.5% We consider NOI and same-store cash NOI as important supplemental measures because they allow investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. In the case of NOI, cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies. We believe that income from continuing operations is the most comparable GAAP measure for both NOI and same-store cash NOI because it provides insight into our continuing operations. We define same-store as properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, and excluding assets intended for disposition and for SHOP, those properties that transitioned operators after the start of the prior comparison period. To normalize for exchange rate movements, all same-store cash NOI measures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current period’s results are shown in actual reported USD, while prior comparison period’s results are adjusted and converted to USD based on the average exchange rate for the current period. 2018   Proxy Statement A- 3 Table of Contents Net Debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA The following table illustrates net debt to pro forma earnings, which includes amounts in discontinued operations, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, consolidated joint ventures partners’ share of EBITDA, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements, net gains or losses on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, changes in the fair value of financial instruments, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses and net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters, and including our share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities and adjustments for other immaterial or identified items (“Adjusted EBITDA”) (dollars in thousands). The following information considers the pro forma effect on Adjusted EBITDA of our investments and other capital transactions that were completed during the three months ended December 31, 2017, as if the transactions had been consummated as of the beginning of the period (“Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA”). We believe that net debt, Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA and net debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA are useful to investors, analysts and our management because they allow the comparison of our credit strength between periods and to other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure our actual credit quality. Income from continuing operations $ 178,835 Discontinued operations (15) Gain on real estate dispositions 214,985 Net income 393,805 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,251 Net income attributable to common stockholders 392,554 Adjustments: Interest 111,951 Depreciation and amortization 232,650 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 6,620 Gain on extinguishment of debt, net (102) Gain on real estate dispositions (214,985) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net   of consolidated joint venture partners’ share of EBITDA (3,187) (Income) loss from unconsolidated entities, net of Ventas share   of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities 11,422 Taxes (including tax amounts in general, administrative and   professional fees) (45,678) Change in fair value of financial instruments 81 Unrealized foreign currency losses 287 Merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs 1,652 Natural disaster expenses (recoveries), net 1,791 Adjusted EBITDA 495,056 Pro forma adjustments for current period activity (1,195) Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA $ 493,861 Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA, annualized $ 1,975,444 As of December 31, 2017: Total debt $ 11,276,062 Debt on held for sale assets 59,221 Cash (81,355) Restricted cash pertaining to debt (70,753) Consolidated joint venture partners’ share of debt (76,668) Ventas share of debt from unconsolidated entities 90,257 Net debt $ 11,196,764 Net debt to Adjusted Pro Forma EBITDA 5.7 x 2018   Proxy Statement A- 4 Table of Contents 2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS James C. Tyree Auditorium 353 North Clark Street Chicago, Illinois 60654 DRIVING DIRECTIONS From the North and Northwest (via I-90E/I-94) Take exit 50B toward Ohio Street. Merge onto Ohio Street. Turn right onto North Clark Street. 353 North Clark Street is four and one-half blocks south on North Clark Street on the left. From the South and Southeast (via I-90W/I-94): Take exit 51A for Lake Street. Turn right onto Lake Street. Take the first left onto North Desplaines Avenue. Take the second right onto West Kinzie Street. Turn right onto North Clark Street. 353 North Clark Street is one-half block south on North Clark Street on the left. From the Southwest (via I-55N): Take I-55N to I-90/94W. Merge onto I-90/94W. Take exit 51A for Lake Street. Turn right onto Lake Street. Take the first left onto North Desplaines Avenue. Take the second right onto West Kinzie Street. Turn right onto North Clark Street. 353 North Clark Street is one-half block south on North Clark Street on the left. From the West (via I-290E): Take I-290E to I-90/94W. Merge onto I-90/94W. Take exit 51A for Lake Street. Turn right onto Lake Street. Take the first left onto North Desplaines Avenue. Take the second right onto West Kinzie Street. Turn right onto North Clark Street. 353 North Clark Street is one-half block south on North Clark Street on the left. VOTE BY   INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting   instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M.   ET on May 14, 2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site   and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an   electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY   MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by Ventas, Inc. in   mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy   statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the   Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions   above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree   to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. VENTAS,   INC. ATTN: Corporate Secretary 353 NORTH CLARK STREET SUITE 3300 CHICAGO, IL   60654 VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit   your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on May 14, 2018. Have your   proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY   MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid   envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51   Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK   INK AS FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS   PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. The Board   of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: 1. Election of Directors   Nominees Melody C. Barnes For 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Against 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0   Abstain 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1A The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR   proposals 2 and 3. For 0 Against 0 Abstain 0 1B Debra A. Cafaro 2   Ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as the independent registered   public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018. 1C Jay M. Gellert 0 0 0 1D   Richard I. Gilchrist 3 Advisory vote to approve our executive compensation.   1E Matthew J. Lustig NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before   the meeting or any adjournment thereof. 1F Roxanne M. Martino 1G Walter C.   Rakowich 1H Robert D. Reed 1I James D. Shelton Please sign exactly as your   name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor,administrator,   or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each   sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership,   please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature   [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date 0000369384_1   R1.0.1.17 Important   Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:   The Notice & Proxy Statement and Annual Report and Form 10-K are   available at www.proxyvote.com Ventas, Inc. Annual Meeting of Stockholders   May 15, 2018 8:00 AM CDT This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors   The undersigned, revoking all prior proxies, hereby appoints Debra A. Cafaro   and Robert F. Probst, and each of them, as proxies with full power of   substitution and resubstitutions, for and in the name of the undersigned, to   vote all shares of common stock of Ventas, Inc., which the undersigned, would   be entitled to vote if personally present at the 2018 Annual Meeting of   Stockholders to be held at 8:00 a.m. local (central) time on Tuesday, May 15,   2018 at James C. Tyree Auditorium, 353 North Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois   60654, and at any adjournment thereof, upon the matters hereby acknowledged, and   upon any other business that may properly come before the meeting or any   adjournment thereof. Said proxies are directed to vote on matters described   in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders as   indicated on the reverse side hereof, and otherwise in their discretion upon   such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any   adjournment thereof. When properly executed, this Proxy will be voted as   directed, but if no direction is indicated, this Proxy will be voted (1)   "FOR" each director-nominee, (2) "FOR" the ratification   of the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting   firm for fiscal year 2018 and (3) "FOR" the advisory vote to   approve our executive compensation. Continued and to be signed on reverse   side 0000369384_2 R1.0.1.17