DEF 14A 1 d318171ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by
the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 Microsoft Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): ☒ No fee required ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Notice of
Annual Shareholders Meeting and Proxy Statement 2022 December 13, 2022 Virtual Meeting Site: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 Table of Contents “Microsoft’s success must always be aligned with the
world’s success, and our ambition must extend beyond technology itself to drive global economic growth while creating a more inclusive, equitable, sustainable, and trusted future.” Satya
Nadella, Chairman and CEO Microsoft Corporation (“Company”) works to conduct business in ways that are principled, transparent, and accountable to our
shareholders and other key stakeholders. We believe doing so generates long-term value. As we work to help everyone achieve more, we are committed to improving our world and reporting our progress. Focus for Societal Impact Fundamental to Microsoft’s mission is realizing our enormous opportunities to create technology that
benefits everyone on the planet, as well as the planet itself. As we think about our societal impacts, our current areas of focus include: Trust in technology Inclusive economic growth Fundamental rights of people Sustainability Note About Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement
includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary and Part 2 – Named Executive Officer
Compensation. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,”
“future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and
events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of
our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
because of new information, future events, or otherwise. This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and
materials are not incorporated by reference herein. Table of Contents Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer October 27, 2022 Dear Shareholder, On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”),
on December 13, 2022, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available
on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For more information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 82 in this Proxy Statement. The Notice of 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy
(1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience. This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include an opportunity to submit questions. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before
the start of the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 . Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft. Sincerely, Satya Nadella Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer Table of Contents Letter from the Board of Directors October 27, 2022 Dear Shareholder, For the past several years, we have
started this letter noting the significant business, social, and environmental challenges the world faces and the theme continues this year. We remain incredibly proud of the work Microsoft and its employees have done with our customers and partners
to help the world use digital technology to address these challenges. As the Company navigated the turbulent global environment, including the continuing impact of the global pandemic and a war in Ukraine, the Board and executive leadership of
Microsoft worked closely to consider the needs of our broad range of stakeholders, including employees, customers, the communities we operate in, partners, suppliers, and of course, our shareholders. Amidst the challenges, Microsoft once again broke records for financial performance in fiscal year 2022. Microsoft’s leadership and the Company as a whole achieved
this through relentless focus on providing technology innovations to make our customers more productive and resilient. As a result, Microsoft delivered strong results for its shareholders, including a return of $46.6 billion in the form of share
repurchases and dividends. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term interests of the Company’s shareholders. Microsoft
continued to provide transparency in its progress towards important environmental and social commitments, including our climate goals, our progress towards advancing diversity and inclusion across our workforce, and the Racial Equity Initiative
goals we are committed to meet by 2025. For more information on these initiatives and information across a breadth of environmental, social, and governance topics, we encourage you to read the progress reports Microsoft published over the course of
the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr . Beyond Microsoft’s own commitments, the Company
continues to emphasize its mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. A litmus test for the Company is not only what it is doing by or for itself, but what it is doing to help others accomplish more. With
that in mind, Microsoft is working to infuse what we have learned from our environmental and social commitments into new tools, products, and services that help our partners and customers. These include Microsoft Cloud for Sustainability, Microsoft
Security Solutions, and data privacy tools with Microsoft Priva. This approach not only multiplies the impacts of Microsoft’s environmental and social commitments, but also drives new innovations and revenues that drive future business growth. This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s
business strategies and practices. A key component to our effective governance is the Board’s commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views. This year’s Board nominees represent a wide range
of backgrounds and expertise. We believe our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills contributes to the Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically
changing business environment. Of the 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, which includes our Lead Independent Director and all Committee chairs and members. Also
this year, the Board of Directors changed the name of its Regulatory and Public Policy Committee to the Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee. We believe the new name, which became effective June 1, 2022, better reflects the
committee’s existing responsibility to assist the Board in overseeing policies and programs and related risks that concern important environmental and social matters such as environmental sustainability, privacy, trade, digital safety,
responsible artificial intelligence, and competition and antitrust. The Proxy Statement also includes information about all of the management and shareholder
proposals up for a vote at the Company’s Annual Meeting. We value your vote and we encourage you to use one of the options laid out in this proxy to vote your shares whether or not you plan to join us for the Annual Meeting. As we look ahead,
we continue to see tremendous opportunities for the Company’s business and shareholder value creation, with the ability to deliver positive impacts at a global scale. We appreciate your investment in Microsoft and thank you for the trust you
place in us and the opportunity to serve you and our Company as directors. Sincerely, Your Board of Directors Table of Contents Notice of 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting Date December 13, 2022 Time 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual Meeting This year’s meeting is a virtual shareholders meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 Record Date October 12, 2022. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Proxy Voting Make your vote count. Please vote your shares promptly to ensure the presence of a quorum during the Annual Meeting. Voting your shares now via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed
proxy card or voting instruction form will save the expense of additional solicitation. If you wish to vote by mail, we have enclosed an addressed envelope with postage prepaid if mailed in the United States. Submitting your proxy now will not
prevent you from voting your shares during the Annual Meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option. We are requesting your vote to: Items of Business •  Elect the 12 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement •  Approve, on a nonbinding advisory basis,
the compensation paid to our named executive officers (“say-on-pay vote”) •  Ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent auditor for fiscal year 2023 •  Vote on six shareholder proposals, if
properly presented at the Annual Meeting •  Transact other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting Address of Corporate Headquarters One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052 Meeting Details See Part 5 – Information About the Meeting for details. Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on
December 13, 2022. Our 2022 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available at microsoft.com/investor . By Order of the Board of Directors Hossein Nowbar Secretary Redmond, Washington October 27, 2022 2022 PROXY STATEMENT i Table of Contents Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy summary 1 1 Governance and our Board of Directors Board of Directors Oversight Roles 9 Our Governance Structure 11 Director Selection and Qualifications 19 Board Composition 20 Our Director Nominees 22 Director Compensation 29 2 Named Executive Officer Compensation A Letter from the Compensation Committee 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Section 1 – Performance Update 33 Section 2 – Executive Compensation Program Changes 37 Section 3 – Pay Setting 39 Section 4 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Program Design 42 Section 5 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Decisions 45 Section 6 – Other Compensation Policies and Information 52 Compensation Committee Report 54 Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Tables 55 Summary Compensation Table 55 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 56 Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2022 57 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 58 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 58 CEO Pay Ratio 59 Equity Compensation Plan Information 59 Stock Ownership Information 60 Principal Shareholders 61 3 Audit Committee Matters Audit Committee Report 62 Fees Billed by Deloitte & Touche 64 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor 65 ii Table of Contents 4 Proposals to be Voted on During the Meeting Management Proposal 1: Election of 12 Directors 66 Management Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 67 Management Proposal 3: Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year
 2023 69 Shareholder Proposals 70 5 Information About the Meeting Date, Time, and Place of Meeting 82 Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet 82 Participating in the Annual Meeting 82 Soliciting Proxies 82 Householding 83 Election of Directors 83 Voting 83 Shareholders Entitled to Vote; Quorum 83 Vote Required; Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 83 Vote Confidentiality 84 Tabulation of Votes 84 Where to Find More Proxy Voting Information 84 Where to Find our Corporate Governance Documents 84 Proposals by Shareholders for 2023 Annual Meeting 85 Other Business 85 2022 PROXY STATEMENT iii Table of Contents Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all information you should consider. Please read this
entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Annual Shareholders Meeting Date: December 13, 2022 Time: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Meeting Agenda: The meeting will cover the proposals listed under Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations below, and any other business that may properly come before the meeting. Place: virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 Record Date: October 12, 2022 Mailing Date: This Proxy Statement was first mailed to shareholders on or about October 31, 2022. Voting: Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of
common stock of Microsoft Corporation (“Company”) is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each proposal. Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote your shares at proxyvote.com . Have your Notice
of Internet Availability or proxy card for the 16-digit Control Number needed to vote. Call toll-free number 1-800-690-6903. Sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form. Vote Online During the Meeting See page 82 in Part 5 – Information About the Meeting for details on voting your shares during the meeting through proxyvote.com . Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations See Part 4 – Proposals to be Voted on During the Meeting for more information. Board Recommends See Page Management
Proposals Election of 12 Directors FOR 66 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (“say-on-pay vote”) FOR 67 Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2023 FOR 69 Shareholder Proposals Cost/Benefit Analysis of Diversity and Inclusion AGAINST 70 Report on Hiring of Persons with Arrest or Incarceration Records AGAINST 72 Report on Investment of Retirement Funds in Companies Contributing to Climate Change AGAINST 74 Report on Government Use of Microsoft Technology AGAINST 76 Report on Development of Products for Military AGAINST 78 Report on Tax Transparency AGAINST 80 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents Our Director Nominees See Part 1 – Governance and our Board of Directors for more information. The following table provides summary information about each of the 12 director nominees. Each director is elected annually by a majority of votes cast. Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Public Boards Committee Memberships AC CC ESPP GN Reid G. Hoffman General Partner, Greylock Partners 55 2017 Yes 2 Hugh F. Johnston Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President, and CFO, PepsiCo, Inc. 61 2017 Yes 1 Teri L. List Former Executive Vice President and CFO, The Gap, Inc. 59 2014 Yes 3 Satya Nadella Chairman and CEO, Microsoft Corporation 55 2014 No 1 Sandra E. Peterson Operating Partner, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC 63 2015 Yes 1 Penny S. Pritzker Founder and Chairman, PSP Partners, LLC 63 2017 Yes 0 Carlos A. Rodriguez CEO and Director, Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 58 2021 Yes 1 Charles W. Scharf CEO, President, and Director, Wells Fargo & Company 57 2014 Yes 1 John W. Stanton Founder and Chairman, Trilogy Partnerships 67 2014 Yes 2 John W. Thompson Lead Independent Director, Microsoft Corporation; Former CEO and Director, Virtual Instruments Corporation 73 2012 Yes 1 Emma N. Walmsley CEO and Director, GSK plc 53 2019 Yes 1 Padmasree Warrior Founder, President, and CEO, Fable Group, Inc. 62 2015 Yes 1 AC: Audit Committee CC: Compensation Committee ESPP: Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee (formerly the Regulatory and Public Policy Committee) GN: Governance and Nominating Committee Chair Member Financial Expert and Member 2 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Advisory Vote Our Board recommends that shareholders vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company’s named executive officers (“Named
Executives”) as described in this Proxy Statement (“say-on-pay vote”), for the reasons below. Pay for Performance We have executed on our pay for performance philosophy. •  Over 95% of the annual
target compensation opportunity for the CEO is performance-based and over 50% for our other Named Executives •  Our annual cash incentive is determined based on pre-established financial targets (70% for our CEO and 50%
for our other Named Executives), with the other portion determined based on operational performance in three weighted performance categories • The metrics for our performance stock awards are reviewed annually to ensure they reflect key business developments
that drive long-term growth • Our performance stock awards
(“PSAs”) include a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) modifier to reward significant positive outperformance and reduce rewards for underperformance to align executives’ and shareholders’ long-term interests •  At least 70% of target compensation
for our Named Executives was equity-based, with average across all Named Executives over 80%, providing incentives to drive long-term business success and direct alignment with returns to shareholders Sound Program Design We design our executive compensation program to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our success
and industry leadership, while considering individual and Company performance and alignment with the long-term interests of our shareholders. We achieve our objectives through compensation that: •  Provides a competitive total pay opportunity •  Delivers a majority of pay based on
performance •  Consists primarily of
stock-based compensation •  Enhances long-term focus through multi-year performance requirements or vesting of
stock-based compensation • Does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking See Part 2 – Named Executive Officer Compensation for more information. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents Business Overview Our Business Performance In fiscal year 2022, we continued to achieve strong business results, focusing on enabling the success and
earning the trust of our customers. We continue to innovate and expand our offerings to enable the opportunities that the era of intelligent cloud and intelligent edge is creating for our customers. We work to serve as a trusted partner to our
customers, accelerating their digital transformations through our key cloud technologies, productivity tools, and artificial intelligence assets. Fiscal Year 2022 Business Performance Percentages are year-over-year Revenue ( 18%) $198.3 billion Operating Income ( 19%) $83.4 billion Net Income ( 19%) $72.7 billion Diluted Earnings per Share ( 20%) $9.65 Other highlights from fiscal
year 2022 included: • Microsoft Cloud
(formerly commercial cloud) revenue increased 32% to $91.2 billion • Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 13% • Office Consumer products and cloud services
revenue increased 11% • Linkedln revenue
increased 34% • Dynamics products and cloud
services revenue increased 25% • Server
products and cloud services revenue increased 28% • Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (“Windows OEM”) revenue increased 11% • Windows Commercial products and cloud services
revenue increased 11% • Xbox content and
services revenue increased 3% • Search and
news advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 27% • Surface revenue increased 3% Key performance metrics are defined in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Strong Long-Term Performance Total Shareholder Return* through June 30, 2022 Our total shareholder return and total cash returned to
shareholders over the past three years have continued to be strong. Total Cash Returned to Shareholders (in
billions) * Total shareholder return includes reinvestment of dividends. 4 Table of Contents Governance and Board Best Practices Our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more is ambitious, and we cannot fulfill it with a narrow or short-term focus. Our
adoption of leading governance practices fosters our sustained business success over the long term. Strong corporate governance, informed by participation from our shareholders, is essential to achieving our mission. During fiscal year 2022,
independent members of our Board and members of management engaged with a cross-section of shareholders owning approximately 50% of our shares and provided shareholder feedback to the Board. Our Board believes that having a diverse mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, and attributes is essential to meeting its oversight
responsibility. Of our 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent. Having an independent Board is a core element of our governance philosophy. Our Director Nominees Board Diversity 8 Financial 6 Global Business 11 Leadership 12 Mergers and Acquisitions 12 Sales and Marketing 5 Technology 7 Independent, Effective Board Oversight •  Lead Independent Director •  11 of 12 director nominees are
independent •  All committee chairs and
members are independent •  Board-adopted refreshment commitment to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent
directors as a group •  The Board is
committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool of potential Board nominees and CEO candidates •  Executive sessions provided for
all quarterly Board and committee meetings •  Annual Board and committee evaluations, periodically using a third-party facilitator to conduct the
evaluations •  Director orientation and
continuing education and strategy programs for directors •  All current Audit Committee members meet the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) listing standard of
financial sophistication, and three members are audit committee financial experts under the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents Shareholder Rights • Single class of stock with equal voting rights • All directors are elected annually • Directors are elected by majority vote in
uncontested elections • Confidential voting
policy • 15% of outstanding shares can call a
special meeting • Our Bylaws provide for
“proxy access” by shareholders See Part 1 – Governance and our Board of Directors and Part 5 – Information About the Meeting for more information. 6 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 1. Governance and our Board of Directors Earning Trust Earning the trust of our customers,
partners, shareholders, and other stakeholders is the foundation of our business success and is fundamental to realizing Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. The Board of Directors is
committed to building trust through strong corporate governance, effective oversight, and strategic engagement. Together, these ensure accountability and position Microsoft for sustained success in a turbulent world. Like many in the investor community, the Board and Microsoft’s leaders recognize the interconnections between corporate governance and effective business responses
to pressing environmental and social challenges. In considering these challenges, Microsoft and its Board have proactively engaged with investors to learn from their perspectives and to share the Company’s approach, as well as considering best
practices from our industry peers, partners, customers, and the broader business community. Microsoft’s Board and management team understand that the work the Company does across a spectrum of environmental and social areas makes an important
contribution to the Company’s long-term financial performance and growth. We are committed to building and executing on strategies to help foster a healthy planet and advance a more inclusive global economy that fosters additional growth
opportunities for everyone. From our CEO and senior management and throughout our organization, we are working to conduct our business in principled ways that make a
significant, positive impact on important global issues. Microsoft’s Board of Directors and senior leadership appreciate the increasing focus of employees, shareholders, regulators, and other important stakeholders on the effective management
and Board oversight of climate change and a broad range of other environmental and social matters. With this in mind, the Board of Directors changed the name of its Regulatory and Public Policy Committee to the Environmental, Social, and Public
Policy Committee. The new name, which became effective June 1, 2022, better reflects the committee’s existing responsibility to assist the Board in overseeing policies and programs and related risks that concern important environmental and
social matters such as environmental sustainability, privacy, trade, digital safety, responsible artificial intelligence, human rights, and competition and antitrust. The Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating
Committee also have responsibilities relating to environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) topics. Concrete Commitments Plus Transparency
Drive Results We hold ourselves accountable by publicly reporting on our policies, practices, and performance to provide our stakeholders visibility into
how we are meeting our commitments and responsibilities. We believe our position in the world demands it, and we are confident that it is critical to fostering our long-term business success. Our Reports Hub available at microsoft.com/transparency provides a consolidated, comprehensive view of our ESG reporting and data ranging from our carbon footprint to workforce demographics to
political donations. We work to align our ESG reporting to commonly used global standards such as those provided by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). In addition, we were among the first companies to align
our human rights work with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and to adopt the United Nations Guiding Principles Reporting Framework. Recognizing the interest of shareholders in establishing greater transparency about corporate political contributions, we disclose our political contributions to support
candidates and ballot measures and how certain of our trade association membership dues are used for political activities. As part of our commitment to transparency, we developed the Principles and Policies for Guiding Microsoft’s Participation
in the Public Policy Process in the U.S., which focuses on ensuring compliance with applicable federal and state laws and goes beyond compliance to implement what we consider leading practices in corporate accountability, transparency, integrity,
and responsibility. The policy is available at microsoft.com/public-policy-engagement . The corporate governance policies and practices described throughout
this Proxy Statement and the effective, engaged Board oversight they foster provide the foundation for all of our ESG commitments. Engagement with Environmental and
Social Topics Below are four of our most important ESG initiatives that we know are of interest to many of our shareholders and other stakeholders based
on feedback we have received. A wide range of information about other environmental and social topics is available at microsoft.com/csr . 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Environmental Sustainability Our strategy for a sustainable future focuses on climate, ecosystems, water, and waste. In January 2020, we announced a bold commitment and detailed plan to be carbon
negative by 2030, and to remove from the environment by 2050 all the carbon we have emitted since Microsoft’s founding in 1975. This included a commitment to invest $1 billion over four years in new technologies and innovative climate
solutions. We built on this pledge by adding commitments to be water positive by 2030, zero waste by 2030, and to protect ecosystems by developing a Planetary Computer. Furthermore, we enhanced transparency by subjecting the data in our annual
sustainability report to third-party review and accountability by including progress on sustainability goals as a factor in determining executive pay. Our second year progress report on meeting these commitments is available at aka.ms/MSFTsustainabilityreport2021 and the latest information is available at microsoft.com/environment . Microsoft’s Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee provides oversight and guidance on Microsoft’s
environmental sustainability strategy and commitments. Human Capital We
aim to recruit, develop, and retain world-changing talent from a diversity of backgrounds. To foster their success and ours, we seek to create an environment where people can do their best work – a place where they can proudly be their
authentic selves and where they know their needs can be met. We’ve used the concept of a growth mindset to transform our culture. It starts with a belief that everyone can grow and develop; that potential is nurtured, not predetermined;
and that anyone can change their mindset. We’re also working to transform our human resources function using data, technology, process excellence, and investing in our people. As part of our effort to promote an inclusive culture where all
employees have a sense of “One Microsoft”, we expanded stock eligibility to all Microsoft employees as part of our annual rewards process. This includes all non-exempt and exempt employees and equivalents across the globe, including
business support professionals and datacenter and retail employees. For the fiscal year 2022 rewards period, 100% of our employees who were eligible for our annual performance rewards were eligible for stock grants. We’ve worked to evolve
our employee benefits to be more holistic and inclusive to align to our culture. Over the past several years we’ve sought to drive inclusive opportunity by
providing increased transparency on our diversity and inclusion (“D&I”) commitments and making progress in applying and advancing D&I practices across our workplace, including a focus on allyship, behavior modeling, broadening our
search for talent, and nurturing employee advocacy groups. Information regarding our diversity and racial equity initiatives is available at microsoft.com/diversity and microsoft.com/racial-equity-initiative , and our general
approach to human capital management in the “Human Capital Resources” section of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Microsoft’s Board and its Compensation Committee provide oversight and guidance to management
on workplace and culture. Privacy and Cybersecurity Microsoft is
committed to integrating privacy and security into product, service, and technology design. As we articulate in our Privacy Principles, we value, protect, and defend privacy and empower people and organizations to control their data and have
meaningful choices in how it is used (see microsoft.com/privacy ). We have extended California privacy protections to customers across the U.S. and European Union privacy protections to customers globally. We advocate for strong,
comprehensive, and interoperable privacy laws. Microsoft has also continued to provide options for customers to manage and control their data and launched new tools to help organizations identify and manage privacy risks and make smart data
handling decisions. More information is available at microsoft.com/privacy . Microsoft’s Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee provides oversight and guidance on Microsoft’s privacy policies and programs. Cybersecurity is a central challenge in the digital age and this past fiscal year we announced our intent to invest $20 billion over five years to accelerate efforts to
integrate cybersecurity protection by design and deliver advanced enterprise security solutions . Every service and product line at Microsoft has a dedicated security team as well as cross-company researchers, analysts, and other experts
supporting our security products and services. We have established specialized groups such as the Microsoft Threat Intelligence Center focused on threat tracking, and the Microsoft Digital Crimes Unit, which partners with law enforcement agencies
around the world to fight cybercrime. Microsoft’s Board maintains direct oversight over cybersecurity risk. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding cybersecurity governance processes, the status of
projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, security features of the products and services we provide our customers, and the results of security breach simulations. 8 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Racial Equity Initiative Microsoft’s Racial Equity Initiative is a series of commitments designed to address the injustice and inequity experienced by racial and ethnic minorities in the
U.S., including Black and African American communities, which centers on three multi-year pillars: Increasing our representation and strengthening inclusion. We are building on our momentum, adding a $150 million investment to strengthen inclusion and double the number of U.S. Black and African American, and Hispanic and Latinx leaders by 2025. Evolving our ecosystem. We are using our balance sheet and relationships with suppliers and partners to foster societal change and create new opportunity. Strengthening our communities. We are using data, technology, and partnerships to help improve the lives of Black and African American people in the U.S., which
also includes our employees and their communities. Details on the components of this important initiative and a fact sheet on our progress two years after its launch
are available at microsoft.com/racial-equity-initiative . Microsoft’s Board, its Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee, and its Compensation Committee provide oversight on many aspects of the Company’s commitments
through its Racial Equity Initiative. A Code of Conduct that Drives Compliance and Culture As our shareholders and other stakeholders increasingly focus on the importance of ESG topics, Microsoft benefits from our longstanding commitments to conducting our
business in ways that are principled, transparent, and accountable. The foundation of these commitments is expressed in Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct (our “Trust Code”) at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines which apply to
our employees, officers, Board of Directors, and our subsidiaries and controlled affiliates across the globe. These Standards require not only legal compliance, but also broader commitments to address accessibility, diversity and inclusion, human
rights, and privacy. In support of the Trust Code, we strive to build a workplace culture that embraces learning and fosters trust – a culture where every employee feels free to ask questions and raise concerns when something doesn’t seem
right. We extend our high expectations to suppliers who do business with Microsoft, requiring them to uphold the human rights, labor, health and safety, environmental, and business ethics practices prescribed in our Supplier Code of Conduct at aka.ms/scoc . Board of Directors Oversight Roles Shareholders elect our Board to serve their long-term interests and to oversee management. Our Board and its committees work closely with management to provide oversight,
review, and counsel related to long-term strategy, risks and opportunities, and feedback from shareholders. Our Board works with management to determine our mission and long-term strategy. It also oversees business affairs, integrity, risk
management, CEO succession planning, and performs the annual CEO evaluation. Our Board looks to the expertise of its committees to provide strategic oversight in their areas of focus. Significant oversight areas are provided below. Strategy Led by our CEO, senior management develops and executes our business
strategy. They manage our operations and work to model our desired culture, create innovative products, establish accountability, and control risk. Our CEO and senior management also align our structure, operations, people, policies, and compliance
efforts to our mission and strategy. Overseeing management’s development and execution of the Company’s strategy is one of our Board’s primary
responsibilities. The Board works closely with senior management to respond to a dynamic business environment. Management benefits from the insights and perspectives of a diverse mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, and
attributes. Senior management and other leaders from across the Company provide business and strategy updates to our Board through regular strategy-focused meetings. At meetings throughout the year, the Board also assesses the strategic alignment of
the Company’s budget and capital plan and its strategic acquisition and integration process. For large acquisitions such as LinkedIn, GitHub, ZeniMax Media, Nuance Communications, and our pending acquisition of Activision Blizzard, the Board
engages management on a broad range of considerations, such as due diligence findings, valuation, and integration planning. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Risk Oversight The Board of Directors Effective risk management is critical to Microsoft’s ability to achieve its
mission. The Board exercises direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company and other risk areas not delegated to one of the Board’s committees. For example, the Board maintains direct oversight over cybersecurity risk. The Board receives
and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding cybersecurity governance processes, the status of projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, security features of the products and services we provide our customers, and the
results of security breach simulations. The Board also discusses recent incidents throughout the industry and the emerging threat landscape. The committees are charged with specific areas of risk oversight, summarized below, and regularly report
back to the full Board. Audit Committee Compensation Committee Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Governance and Nominating Committee With the Board, oversees Microsoft’s risk management. Oversees the Company’s financial statements; compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements and corporate policies and controls, including controls over financial reporting, computerized information systems and security; and the independent auditor and internal audit function. Oversees the Company’s compensation and benefits programs; human capital management and diversity and inclusion principles and programs; senior management succession planning and compensation; and advises the Board on CEO
compensation. Oversees key non-financial regulatory risks; management policies and programs relating to key environmental and social matters, including climate change and environmental sustainability, competition and antitrust, privacy, trade,
digital safety, responsible artificial intelligence, accessibility, human rights, and responsible sourcing; and reviews government relations activities and public policy agenda. Oversees director selection and succession planning; Board effectiveness and independence, committee functions and charters; adherence to our corporate governance framework; and other corporate governance matters. Company Management The Board, in consultation with each of its committees, oversees Company management in exercising its responsibility managing
risk. The Board of Directors relies upon senior
management to supervise risk management activities within the Company. Senior management is responsible for developing a continuously improving culture of risk-aware practices to identify and manage the appropriate level of risk in pursuit of our
business objectives. On a regular basis, the Board and its committees engage with our senior management, our chief risk executive and chief compliance officer, and other members of management on risk as part of broad strategic and operational
discussions which encompass interrelated risks, as well as on a risk-by-risk basis. Senior management is supported in these efforts through the operation of our enterprise risk management program. The program involves the input of management, the
enterprise risk organization, a risk management community within our business teams, and subject matter experts from across the Company, and drives the identification, prioritization, and mitigation of the Company’s most significant risks. In
addition, risk management is supported by our compliance organization, investigatory teams, internal audit and external audit reviews, and our legal department. Microsoft has also established robust standards of business conduct that apply to all
employees globally and provides numerous methods for employees to elevate risk concerns directly to management or through anonymous channels. Culture and Workplace Our culture isn’t
what we talk or write about; it’s what we live every day. Our senior management holds itself accountable for modeling the culture we strive for. We focus on creating a respectful, rewarding, diverse, and inclusive work environment where people
can thrive, where they can do their best work, where they can proudly be their authentic selves, guided by our values, and where they know their needs can be met. Key to this environment is cultivating a growth mindset, where our workforce is
focused on learning, listening, and growing. We have identified four attributes that allow growth mindset to flourish: • Obsessing over what matters to our customers 10 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING • Becoming more diverse and inclusive in everything we do • Operating as “One Microsoft” – a unified company instead of multiple siloed businesses • Making a difference in the lives of each other, our customers, and the world around us Our employee listening systems enable us to gather feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs and employee needs globally. Seventy percent of employees
globally participated in our fiscal year 2022 Employee Signals survey, which covers a variety of topics such as thriving, inclusion, team culture, wellbeing, and learning and development. Throughout the fiscal year, we collected over 75,000 Daily
Pulse employee survey responses. During fiscal year 2022, our Daily Pulse surveys gave us invaluable insights into ways we could support employees through the COVID-19 pandemic, addressing racial injustice, the war in Ukraine, and their general
wellbeing. In addition to Employee Signals and Daily Pulse surveys, we gain insights through onboarding, internal mobility, leadership, performance and development, exit surveys, internal Yammer channels, employee Q&A sessions, and AskHR Service
support. The Board and the Compensation Committee engage with senior management, including Human Resources executives, across a broad range of human capital management topics. Management prepares and reviews with the Board a variety of materials
including culture, succession planning and development, compensation, benefits, employee recruiting and retention, and diversity and inclusion. Additionally, each year the Compensation and Audit Committees evaluate management’s annual
assessment of risk related to our compensation policies and practices, including reviewing the work of management’s Sales Incentive Compensation Governance Committee. Microsoft Board Review of Sexual Harassment and Gender Discrimination Policies In early 2022, the Board initiated a review of the effectiveness of the Company’s sexual harassment and gender discrimination policies and practices. This review
responds to an advisory shareholder resolution approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Recognizing the importance of these issues to employees,
shareholders, and other stakeholders, the Board directed that a third-party assessment be conducted to address the full scope of the proposal passed at the Annual Meeting. Throughout the year, law firm ArentFox Schiff LLP has worked diligently to
review and assess the Company’s policies and procedures relating to sexual harassment and gender discrimination, including reviewing the Company’s internal documents, interviewing executives and employees, and benchmarking against
best practices at other companies. Following delivery of the report to the Company, the Board has committed to publish a thorough transparency report for employees, shareholders, and the public, which is planned to be released in mid-November 2022
in advance of Microsoft’s next Annual Meeting. Our Governance Structure Framework We have developed a corporate governance framework designed to
ensure our Board has the authority and practices in place to review and evaluate our business operations and to make decisions independent of management. Our goal is to align the interests of directors, management, and shareholders, and comply with
or exceed the requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) and applicable laws and regulations. This framework establishes the practices our Board follows with respect to, among other things, Board composition and member
selection, Board meetings and involvement of senior management, director compensation, CEO performance evaluation, management succession planning, and Board committees. The Board is committed to seeking opportunities for improvements on an ongoing
basis. Each summer, the Board updates our corporate governance framework based on shareholder feedback, results from the annual shareholders meeting, the Board and committees’ annual assessments, governance best practices, and regulatory
developments. Our Corporate Governance Documents •  Articles of Incorporation •  Bylaws •  Corporate Governance Guidelines •  Director Independence Guidelines •  Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct •  Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct (“Trust Code”) •  Audit Committee Charter and Responsibilities Calendar • Compensation Committee Charter • Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Charter • Governance and Nominating Committee Charter • Executive Stock
Ownership Policy • Executive Compensation Recovery Policy • Compensation Consultant Independence Standards These documents are available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Rights Microsoft strives to implement best practices in shareholder rights and to ensure the Company and Board align with the long-term interests of shareholders. We have
enhanced our corporate governance framework over time based on input from our Board, shareholders, and other governance experts. Shareholder rights include: • Single class of shares with each share entitled to one vote • Annual election of all directors (unclassified board) • Majority voting standard for directors in uncontested elections • Confidential voting policy • Shareholders of 15% of outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting • Proxy access bylaw allows groups of up to 20 shareholders holding 3% of shares for at least three years to nominate up to
two individuals or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater) for inclusion in the proxy statement and ballot for election at an annual shareholders meeting Other requirements that align Company and long-term interests of shareholders include: • Significant stock ownership requirements for directors, executive officers, and other senior leaders. • Strong ‘no-fault’ executive compensation recovery (“clawback”) policy that applies to executive
officers, other senior leaders, and our chief accounting officer. • Strict hedging and pledging prohibitions against our directors and executive officers hedging their ownership of Microsoft
stock, including by trading in options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to Company equity or debt securities. Directors and executive officers are prohibited from purchasing Microsoft stock on margin, borrowing against Microsoft
stock held in a margin account, or pledging Microsoft stock as collateral for a loan. • Board tenure policy that seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for the Board’s independent directors
as a group. • Public company board service guideline that, absent circumstances that enable the director to have sufficient capacity,
generally no director should serve on more than three other public company boards. Directors who are current CEOs should not serve on more than one other public company board. Shareholder Engagement Effective corporate governance includes regular,
constructive conversations with our shareholders to proactively seek shareholder insights and to answer shareholder inquiries. We maintain an active dialogue with shareholders to ensure we thoughtfully consider a diversity of perspectives on issues
including strategy, business performance, risk, culture and workplace topics, compensation practices, and a broad range of ESG issues. As noted above, the Board updates our corporate governance framework each summer based on a number of inputs,
including shareholder feedback. Our Office of the Corporate Secretary coordinates shareholder engagement with Investor Relations and provides a summary of all
relevant feedback to our Board . In fiscal year 2022, members of our Board and management engaged with a cross-section of shareholders owning approximately 50% of Microsoft shares. In addition, throughout the year our Investor Relations group
engages with our shareholders, frequently along with Satya Nadella, our Chairman and CEO, and Amy Hood, our CFO. To communicate broadly with our shareholders, we
also seek to transparently share ESG information relevant to our shareholders through our Investor Relations website, our Annual Report, this Proxy Statement, our Reports Hub, and in posts on the Microsoft On the Issues blog. Board Leadership The Board’s independent directors elected Satya Nadella
to the role of Chairman and CEO, and elected John W. Thompson as Lead Independent Director. In his role, Mr. Nadella leverages his deep understanding of the business to elevate the right strategic opportunities and identify key risks and
mitigation approaches for the Board’s review. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Thompson retains significant authority including providing input on behalf of the independent directors on Board agendas and schedules, calling meetings of the
independent directors, authorizing retention of outside counsel, advisors, or other consultants, setting agendas for executive sessions, leading performance evaluations of the CEO, and overseeing CEO succession planning. Additional information about
the role of the Lead Independent Director is available under ‘Key Elements of Board Independence at Microsoft’ below. The Board does not have a policy as
to whether the Chairman should be an independent director, an affiliated director, or a member of management. The independent directors annually appoint a Chairman of the Board. To ensure robust independent 12 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING leadership on the Board, if the individual appointed as Chairman is not an independent director, or when the independent directors determine that it is in the best interests of the Company, the
independent directors will also annually appoint a Lead Independent Director. Our Board believes its current leadership structure is appropriate because it effectively allocates authority, responsibility, and oversight between management and the
independent members of our Board. It does this by giving primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, while enabling the Lead Independent Director to
facilitate our Board’s independent oversight of management, promote communication between management and our Board, and support our Board’s consideration of key governance matters. The Board believes its programs for overseeing risk, as
described in this Part 1 under “Risk Oversight,” would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore do not materially affect its choice of structure. CEO Succession A primary responsibility of the Board is planning for CEO
succession and overseeing identification and development of other members of the senior leadership team (“SLT”). The Board and the Compensation Committee work with the CEO and our Chief Human Resources Officer to plan for succession. For
the CEO, the succession plan covers identification of internal and external candidates, and professional and leadership development plans for internal candidates. The Board annually reviews the CEO succession plan. The criteria used to assess
potential CEO candidates are formulated based on the Company’s business strategies, and include strategic vision, leadership, and operational execution. The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from
minority groups to include in the pool of potential CEO candidates. The Board maintains an emergency succession contingency plan that is reviewed on an annual basis by the Board and Governance and Nominating Committee. The plan identifies roles and
responsibilities of individuals who would act if an unforeseen event prevented the CEO from continuing to serve. The Compensation Committee reviews with the CEO and reports to the Board on development and succession plans for the other members of
the SLT. The Board may review development and succession planning more frequently as it deems necessary or desirable. Annual Board and Committee Evaluation
Process The Board is committed to a rigorous self-evaluation process. The Governance and Nominating Committee annually evaluates the performance of the Board. In
fiscal year 2022, the evaluation included utilizing a third-party facilitator to seek feedback from each director, and the results were reported to and discussed with the Board. The report includes an assessment of the Board’s compliance with
the principles in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and identifies areas in which the Board could enhance its performance. Our evaluation process is designed to
elicit feedback on the processes, structure, composition, and effectiveness of the Board. The evaluation results have led to changes to facilitate increased Board effectiveness, including driving clarity on key areas for the Board’s focus over
the coming year, focus on sustainable growth strategies for the Company, input on management development and succession planning as well as Board composition and recruiting, and input on how to best operationalize Board meetings in a virtual and
hybrid environment. In addition, each committee annually evaluates its performance and reports the results to the Board. In fiscal year 2022, the evaluation of each
committee included an assessment of the committee’s compliance with the principles in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and its charter and identified areas in which the committee could enhance its performance. Results requiring additional
review or consideration are discussed at subsequent Board and committee meetings. Director Attendance Each quarter, our Board holds two-day meetings comprised of committee and Board meetings. At each quarterly Board meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors
to meet without management present. Additional executive sessions are held as needed. In addition to the quarterly meetings, typically there are other regularly
scheduled Board and committee meetings and several special meetings each year. Our Board met nine times during fiscal year 2022. In addition, the Board held periodic meetings dedicated to strategy topics which included presentations and discussions
with members of our SLT and other senior management. Each director nominee attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all fiscal year 2022 meetings of the Board and
each committee on which he or she served. In fiscal year 2022, the Board and committees of the Board held a total of 33 meetings. Together, the director nominees attended at least 95% of the combined total meetings of the Board and the committees on
which they were members in fiscal year 2022. Directors are expected to attend the annual shareholders meeting, if practicable. All directors attended the 2021 Annual
Meeting. Director Orientation and Continuing Education Our orientation
programs are designed to familiarize new directors with our businesses, strategies, and policies and assist new directors in developing Company and industry knowledge to optimize their service on the Board. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Regular continuing education programs enhance the skills and knowledge directors use to perform their responsibilities.
These programs may include internally developed programs or programs presented by third parties. Director Stock Ownership Policy To align the interests of our directors and shareholders, our directors are required to own Microsoft shares equal in value to at least three times the base annual
retainer (cash and stock) payable to a director. Each director must retain 50% of all net shares (post-tax) from the retainer until reaching the minimum share ownership requirement. Stock deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan for
Non-Employee Directors counts toward the minimum ownership requirement. Each of our directors complied with our stock ownership policy in fiscal year 2022. Derivatives Trading, Hedging, and Pledging Our directors and executive
officers are prohibited from trading in options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to Microsoft equity or debt securities. They also are prohibited from purchasing Microsoft common stock on margin, borrowing against Microsoft
common stock held in a margin account, or pledging Microsoft common stock as collateral for a loan. Employees, other than executive officers, are generally permitted to engage in transactions designed to hedge or offset market risk. Board Independence The Board’s independence enables it to be objective
and critical in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a substantial majority of our directors will be independent. The independent members of the Board annually appoint a Lead Independent
Director to facilitate the Board’s oversight of management, promote communication between management and our Board, engage with shareholders, and lead consideration of key governance matters. Key Elements of Board Independence at Microsoft • 11 of 12 director nominees are independent – We are committed to maintaining
a substantial majority of directors who are independent of the Company and management. Except for our Chairman and CEO, Satya Nadella, all director nominees are independent. • Board tenure – We are committed to board refreshment. To strike a balance
between retaining directors with deep knowledge of the Company and adding directors with a fresh perspective, the Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group. The average tenure for our
independent director nominees is 6.1 years. The average tenure is 6.3 years if Mr. Nadella is included. • Board diversity – The Board is committed to actively seeking highly
qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool of potential Board nominees and CEO candidates. • Executive sessions of independent directors – At each quarterly Board
meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors to meet in executive session without management present. Additional executive sessions are held as needed. • Committee independence – Only independent directors are members of the
Board’s committees. Each committee meets regularly in executive session. • Independent compensation consultant – The compensation consultant retained
by the Compensation Committee is independent of the Company and management as required by the Compensation Consultant Independence Standards. • Lead Independent Director – The Lead Independent Director has a clearly
defined set of responsibilities, significant authority, and provides independent Board leadership. John W. Thompson was selected by the independent members of the Board to serve as Lead Independent Director. Key responsibilities and authority
include: • Leads the
Board meetings when the Chairman and CEO is not present • Reviews and approves the agenda and schedule for Board meetings • Calls meetings of the
independent directors • Chairs executive sessions and coordinates activities of the independent directors • Leads the Board’s
annual CEO performance evaluation • Coordinates Board oversight of CEO succession planning, including maintenance of an emergency
succession plan • Chairs
the annual shareholders meeting • Acts as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman and CEO • Authorizes retention of
outside counsel, advisors, or other consultants who report directly to the Board • When requested, represents the Board with internal and external audiences including
shareholders 14 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Committees To support
effective corporate governance, our Board delegates certain responsibilities to its committees, who report on their activities to the Board. These committees have the authority to engage legal counsel or other advisors or consultants as they deem
appropriate to carry out their responsibilities. Our Board has four standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, an Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee, and a Governance and Nominating Committee. The table below provides summary information about each director nominee followed by a summary of each committee’s responsibilities. Each committee has a charter
describing its specific responsibilities which can be found on our website at aka.ms/boardcommittees . Membership Director Audit Compensation Environmental, Social, and Public
Policy Governance and Nominating Reid G. Hoffman Hugh F. Johnston Teri L. List Satya Nadella Sandra E. Peterson Penny S. Pritzker Carlos A. Rodriguez Charles W. Scharf John W. Stanton John W. Thompson Emma N. Walmsley Padmasree Warrior Number of meetings in fiscal year
2022 9 5 4 6 Chair Member Financial Expert and Member 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Audit •  Oversee the work of our accounting function and internal control over financial
reporting •  Oversee internal auditing processes •  Inquire about
significant risks, review our policies for enterprise risk assessment and risk management, and assess the steps management has taken to control these risks •  Review with management policies, practices, compliance, and risks relating to our
investment portfolio •  Review with management the Company’s business continuity and disaster preparedness
planning •  Review
compliance with significant applicable legal, ethical, and regulatory requirements, including those relating to regulatory matters that may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial
reporting The Audit Committee is responsible for the
compensation, retention, and oversight of the independent auditor engaged to issue audit reports on our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of
management, the internal auditor, and the independent auditor in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. The Board has determined that each Audit Committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on
the Audit Committee. All current members of the Audit Committee meet the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication and three are “audit committee financial experts” under SEC rules. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
members of the Audit Committee ordinarily may not serve on over three public company audit committees (including Microsoft’s). In calculating service on a public company board or audit committee, service on a board or audit committee of a
parent and its substantially-owned subsidiary counts as service on a single board or audit committee. Any Audit Committee member’s service on over three public company audit committees will be subject to the Board’s determination that the
member is able to effectively serve on the Company’s Audit Committee. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board considered Ms. List’s service on four public company audit committees, including her professional
qualifications, former experience as a public company chief financial officer, and the nature of and time involved in her service on other boards. Following such review, the Board determined that Ms. List is able to effectively continue to
serve on the Company’s Audit Committee. 16 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Compensation •  Assist our Board in establishing the annual goals and objectives of the CEO. •  Establish the
process for annually reviewing the CEO’s performance. •  Recommend our CEO’s compensation to the independent members of our Board for approval. •  Approve annual compensation, and in
consultation with the CEO, oversee performance evaluations, for the non-CEO members of the SLT. •  Review and discuss with the CEO and report to the Board development and corporate succession plans for the
non-CEO members of the SLT. •  Oversee administration of the Company’s equity-based compensation and retirement
plans. •  Monitor and evaluate the
compensation and benefits structure of Microsoft as the Committee deems appropriate, including policies regarding SLT compensation. •  Oversee and advise the Board and management about Company programs for diversity and
inclusion and human capital management. •  Periodically review the compensation paid to non-employee directors and make recommendations to our Board for
any adjustments. • Oversee the process and review the results of investigations of any sexual harassment complaints against senior officers. The Committee will report to the full Board on the conclusions of any investigation that
results in a founded determination and the disciplinary and other actions taken. Our senior
executives for Human Resources support the Compensation Committee in its work. The Committee may delegate its authority to subcommittees and to one or more designated members of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive
officers the authority to make grants of equity-based compensation to eligible individuals who are not executive officers and to administer the Company’s equity-based compensation plans. The Committee has delegated to senior management the
authority to make stock award grants to employees who are not members of the SLT or Section 16 officers and to administer the Company’s equity-based compensation plans. Independent compensation consultant – The Compensation Committee retained Pay
Governance LLC as an independent compensation consultant throughout fiscal year 2022. The consultant advises the Committee on marketplace trends in executive compensation, management proposals for compensation programs, and executive officer
compensation decisions. The consultant also evaluates compensation for non-employee directors, the next levels of senior management, and equity compensation programs generally. The consultant discusses recommendations to the Board on CEO
compensation with the Committee, and is directly accountable to the Committee. To maintain the independence of the consultant’s advice, the firm does not provide services to Microsoft other than those described above. The Committee has adopted
Compensation Consultant Independence Standards which can be viewed on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines. These standards require that the Committee annually assess the independence of its compensation consultant. A consultant satisfying
the following requirements will be considered independent. The consultant (including each individual employee of the consultant providing services): •  Is retained and terminated by, has its compensation fixed by, and reports solely to, the Compensation
Committee •  Is independent of the
Company •  Will not perform any work
for Company management except at the request of the Compensation Committee Chair and in the capacity of the Committee’s agent •  Should not provide any unrelated services or products to the Company and its affiliates or management, except
for surveys purchased from the consultant’s firm In assessing the consultant’s
independence, the Compensation Committee considers the nature and amount of work performed for the Committee during the year, the nature of any unrelated services performed for the Company, and the fees paid for those services in relation to the
firm’s total revenue. The consultant annually prepares for the Committee an independence letter providing assurances and confirmation of the consultant’s independent status under the standards. The Committee believes that Pay Governance
has been independent during its service for the Committee. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Environmental, Social, and Public Policy •  Assist the Board in overseeing the Company’s key non-financial regulatory risks
that may have a material impact on the Company and its ability to sustain trust with customers, employees, and the public • Oversee management policies and programs relating to
key environmental and social matters including climate change and environmental sustainability, competition and antitrust, privacy, trade, digital safety, responsible artificial intelligence, accessibility, human rights, and responsible sourcing •  Review our
government relations activity and political activities and expenditures •  Review our public policy agenda and position on significant public policy matters Governance and Nominating •  Determine and recommend the slate of director nominees for election to our Board during the annual
shareholders meeting. •  Identify,
recruit, and recommend candidates for the Board. •  Review and make recommendations to the Board about the composition of Board committees. •  Annually evaluate the performance and
effectiveness of the Board. •  Annually
assess the independence of each director. •  Monitor adherence to, review, develop, and recommend changes to our corporate governance framework. •  Review and provide guidance to the Board
and management about the framework for the Board’s oversight of, and involvement in, shareholder engagement. •  Annually review the charters of Board committees and, after consultation with the respective committees,
recommend to the Board appropriate changes. •  Oversee the process and review the results of investigations of any sexual harassment complaints against
members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Committee will report to the full Board on the conclusions of any investigation that results in a founded determination and the disciplinary and other actions taken. 18 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Director Selection and Qualifications Shareholders elect our Board of Directors annually. In making its
annual director nominations determination, the Board’s objective is to recommend a group of directors that can best ensure the continuing success of our business and represent shareholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using
its diversity of experience and perspectives. The Governance and Nominating Committee recommends to the Board director candidates for nomination and election during
the annual shareholders meeting or for appointment to fill vacancies. The Committee works with our Board to determine the characteristics, skills, and experience for the Board as a whole and its individual members with the objective of having a
board with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experience. In making its recommendations to our Board, the Committee considers the qualifications of individual director candidates applying the Board membership criteria described below. The Committee
retains any search firm involved in identifying potential candidates and approves their fees. For all directors, we require an independent mindset, integrity,
personal and professional ethics, business judgment, and the ability and willingness to commit sufficient time to the Board. Our Board considers many factors in evaluating the suitability of individual director candidates, including their general
understanding of global business, sales and marketing, finance, and other disciplines relevant to the success of a large, publicly traded company; understanding of our business and technology; educational and professional background; personal
accomplishment; and national, gender, age, and ethnic diversity. This Proxy Statement includes a table summarizing the key qualifications, skills, and attributes
currently most relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board. As the Board strives to maintain a diverse set of skills and attributes, it also expects that each member will be able to understand and contribute meaningfully to
the oversight of the range of material business, risk, and regulatory issues the Company faces. Management’s responsibility includes educating and communicating to the Board in a way that enables effective oversight of this broad set of issues.
The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool from which new candidates are selected. We work with our search firm to ensure the candidate slate provided to the
Committee includes diverse candidates. The Board does not believe that directors should expect to be re-nominated annually. In determining whether to recommend a
director for re-election, the Committee considers the director’s participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board, the results of the most recent Board evaluation, and meeting attendance. When the Committee recruits new director candidates, that process typically involves either a search firm or a member of the Committee contacting a prospect to assess
interest and availability. A candidate will then meet with members of the Board and Mr. Nadella, and then meet with members of management as appropriate. At the same time, the Committee and the search firm will contact references for the
candidate. A background check is completed before a final candidate recommendation is made to the Board. Shareholders have previously elected all Board nominees. The Committee assesses its efforts to maintain an effective and diverse board as part of its regular responsibilities, which include annually: • Reporting to our Board on the performance and effectiveness of the Board • Presenting to our Board individuals recommended for election to the Board at the annual shareholders meeting • Assessing the Committee’s own performance Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates Recommendations The Governance and Nominating Committee considers shareholder recommendations for candidates for the Board of
Directors using the same criteria described above. The name of any recommended candidate for director, together with a brief biographical sketch, a document indicating the candidate’s willingness to serve if elected, and evidence of the
nominating shareholder’s ownership of Company stock must be sent to the attention of MSC 123/9999, Office of the Corporate Secretary, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA, 98052-6399. Nominations Our Bylaws provide for proxy access
shareholder nominations of director candidates by eligible shareholders. A shareholder who wishes to formally nominate a candidate, whether for inclusion in the Company’s proxy statement or not, must follow the procedures described in Article 1
of our Bylaws. Appropriately nominated proxy access candidates or candidates who comply with both our Advanced Notice Bylaw Provisions and the SEC’s Rule 14a-19 will be included in the Company’s proxy statement and ballot. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Composition Our Board of Directors believes that having a diverse mix of directors with complementary
qualifications, expertise, and attributes is essential to meeting its oversight responsibility. Director Nominee Qualifications, Expertise, and Attributes Board Diversity Representation of gender, ethnic, or other perspectives that expand the Board’s understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our
customers, partners, employees, governments, and other stakeholders worldwide. 8 Financial Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in proficiency in complex financial management,
capital allocation, and financial reporting processes. 6 Global Business Experience driving business success in markets around the world, with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions,
cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and a broad perspective on global market opportunities. 11 Leadership Extended leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategic
planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth. 12 Mergers and Acquisitions A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with the ability to assess “build or buy” decisions,
analyze the fit of a target with a company’s strategy and culture, accurately value transactions, and evaluate operational integration plans. 12 Sales and Marketing Experience developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, and enhance enterprise reputation. 5 Technology A significant background working in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological trends, generate disruptive innovation, and
extend or create new business models. May include expertise in cybersecurity governance or technology. 7 20 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Diversity The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and attributes most relevant to the decision to nominate
candidates to serve on the Board. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise on which the Board particularly relies. Not having a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill. Our director nominees’
biographies describe each director’s background and relevant experience in more detail. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Our Director Nominees Following are biographies for the 12 directors nominated by the Board for election during the 2022 Annual Meeting. Reid G. Hoffman Age: 55 | Director
since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Greylock Partners (2009-present) (venture capital firm) •  General Partner (2009-present) Reinvent Capital (2019-present) •  Advisory Partner (2019-present) LinkedIn Corporation (2003-2016) •  Co-founder and Chairman (2003-2016) •  Executive Chairman (2009) •  Chief Executive Officer (2003-2007 and 2008-2009) •  President, Products (2007-2008) PayPal Holdings, Inc. (2000-2002) •  Executive Vice President (2000-2002) Microsoft Committees: • Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: • Joby Aviation, Inc. • Aurora Innovation, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: • Reinvent Technology Partners Z Hugh F. Johnston Age: 61 | Director
since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: PepsiCo, Inc. (1987-1999 and 2002-present) (food and beverage company) •  Vice Chairman (2015-present) •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2010-present) •  Executive Vice President, Global Operations
(2009-2010) •  President, Pepsi-Cola North America (2007-2009) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1987-1999 and 2002-2007) Merck & Co., Inc. (1999-2002) •  Vice President, Retail Marketing, Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC (1999-2002) Microsoft Committees: • Audit (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: • HCA Healthcare, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five
Years: •  None Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 22 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Teri L. List Age: 59 | Director
Since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: The Gap, Inc. (2016-2020) (clothing and accessories retailer) •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2016-2020) Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. (2015-2016) •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2015-2016) Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (2013-2015) •  Senior Advisor (2015) •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2013-2015) •  Senior Vice President (2013) The Procter & Gamble Company (1994-2013) •  Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2009-2013) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1994-2009) Microsoft Committees: •  Audit •  Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: •  Danaher Corporation •  DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. •  Visa Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  Oscar Health, Inc. Other Positions: •  Former Trustee, Financial Accounting Foundation •  Former Practice Fellow, Financial Accounting Standards Board Satya Nadella Age: 55 | Director
Since: 2014 | Birthplace: India Experience: Microsoft Corporation (1992-present) •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(2021 to present) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director (2014-2021) •  Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise (2013-2014) •  President, Server and Tools (2011-2013) •  Senior Vice President, Online Services Division (2009-2011) •  Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising (2008-2009) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1992-2008) Microsoft Committees: • None Other Public Company Directorships: • Starbucks Corporation Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Sandra E. Peterson Age: 63 | Director
Since: 2015 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (2019-present) (investment firm) •  Operating Partner (2019-present) Johnson & Johnson (2012-2018) •  Group Worldwide Chair and member of the Executive Committee (2012-2018) Bayer CropScience AG (2010-2012) •  Chairman of the Board of Management (2010-2012) •  Member of Board of Management (2010) Bayer HealthCare LLC (2005-2010) •  Executive Vice President and President, Medical Care (2009-2010) •  President, Diabetes Care Division (2005-2009) Medco Health Solutions, Inc. (1999-2004) •  Group President of Government (2003-2004) •  Senior Vice President, Health Businesses (2001-2003) •  Senior Vice President, Marketing and Strategy (1999-2001) Microsoft Committees: •  Compensation (Chair) •  Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: •  Zymergen, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  Covetrus, Inc. Penny S. Pritzker Age: 63 | Director
Since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: United States Secretary of Commerce (2013-2017) PSP Partners, LLC (present) (private investment firm) •  Founder and Chairman (present) Pritzker Realty Group (present) •  Co-founder and Chairman (present) Inspired Capital Partners (present) •  Co-founder and Chairman (present) Artemis Real Estate Partners (present) •  Co-founder (present) The Parking Spot (1998-2011) •  Co-founder and Chairman (1998-2011) Vi Senior Living (1987-2011) •  Founder and Chairman (1987-2011) Microsoft Committees: •  Environmental, Social, and Public Policy (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: •  None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None Other Positions: •  Co-founder, Pritzker Traubert Foundation Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 24 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Carlos A. Rodriguez Age: 58 | Director
since: 2021 | Birthplace: Cuba | Independent Experience: Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (1999-present) (human capital management solutions provider) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director (2011-present) •  President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director (2011) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1999-2011) Vincam Group, Inc. (1996-1999) (acquiredby
Automatic Data Processing, Inc. in 1999) •  Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer
(1997-1999) •  Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions (1996-1997) •  Vice President, Operations (1996) Microsoft Committees: •  Audit Other Public Company Directorships: •  Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None Charles W. Scharf Age: 57 | Director
Since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Wells Fargo & Company (2019-present) (banking and financial services company) •  Chief Executive Officer and President (2019-present) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (2017-2019) •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2018-2019) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director (2017) Visa Inc. (2012-2016) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director (2012-2016) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (2004-2012) •  Managing Director, One Equity Partners, private investment arm (2011-2012) •  Chief Executive Officer of Retail Financial Services (2004-2011) Bank One Corporation (2000-2004) •  Chief Executive Officer of the Retail Division (2002-2004) •  Chief Financial Officer (2000-2002) Citigroup Inc. (1999-2000) •  Chief Financial Officer of the Global Corporate and Investment Bank Division (1999-2000) Microsoft Committees: •  Compensation •  Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: •  Wells Fargo & Company Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation •  Visa Inc. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING John W. Stanton Age: 67 | Director
Since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Trilogy Partnerships (2005-present) (investment company) •  Founder and Chairman (2005-present) Clearwire Corp. (2008-2013) •  Chairman of the Board (2011-2013) •  Interim Chief Executive Officer (2011) •  Board member (2008-2011) Western Wireless Corporation (1992-2005) •  Founder, Chief Executive Officer,
and Chairman (1992-2005) VoiceStream Wireless Corporation (1995-2003) •  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1995-2003) Microsoft Committees: •  Audit •  Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: •  Costco Wholesale Corporation •  Trilogy International Partners, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None Other Positions: • Chairman, First Avenue Entertainment LLLP, owner of Seattle Mariners (2016-present) John W. Thompson Age: 73 | Director
Since: 2012 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Microsoft Corporation (2012-present) •  Lead Independent Director
(2021-present) •  Independent Board Chair (2014-2021) •  Lead Independent Director (2012-2014) Virtual Instruments Corporation (2010-2016) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director (2010-2016) Symantec Corp. (1999-2011) •  Chairman of the Board (1999-2011) •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (1999-2009) IBM Corporation (1971-1999) •  General Manager, IBM Americas (1996-1999) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1971-1996) Microsoft Committees: •  Governance and Nominating (Chair) •  Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: •  Illumina, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None Other Positions: •  Partner, Lightspeed Venture Partners Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 26 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Emma N. Walmsley Age: 53 | Director
Since: 2019 | Birthplace: United Kingdom | Independent Experience: GSK plc (2010-present) (healthcare company) •  Chief Executive Officer (2017-present) •  Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Healthcare (2015-2016) •  President, Consumer Healthcare (2012-2015) •  President, Consumer Healthcare Europe (2010-2012) L’Oreal, S.A. (1994-2010) •  General Manager, Consumer Products, China (2007-2010) •  Global Brand Head, Maybelline, USA (2002-2007) •  UK General Manager, Garnier/Maybelline (1999-2002) •  Various positions of increasing authority (1994-1999) Microsoft Committees: •  Compensation •  Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: •  GSK plc Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None Padmasree Warrior Age: 62 | Director
Since: 2015 | Birthplace: India | Independent Experience: Fable Group, Inc. (2019-present) (curated fiction and non-fiction for mobile devices) •  Founder, President, and Chief Executive Officer (2019-present) NIO Inc. (2015-2018) •  Chief Development Officer (2015-2018) •  Board member (2015-2018) NIO USA, Inc. (2015-2018) •  Chief Executive Officer and Director
(2015-2018) Cisco Systems, Inc. (2008-2015) •  Strategic Advisor (2015) •  Chief Technology and Strategy Officer (2012-2015) •  Chief Technology Officer, Senior Vice President, Engineering and General Manager Global Enterprise segment
(2010-2012) •  Chief Technology Officer (2008-2010) Motorola, Inc. (1999-2007) •  Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (1999-2007) Microsoft Committees: •  Compensation Other Public Company Directorships: •  Spotify Technology S.A. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: •  None 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING How to Communicate with our Board We will transmit shareholder communications related to corporate governance and other Board matters to the Board, a committee of the Board, or a director as designated in
your message. Communications relating to other topics, including those that are primarily commercial in nature, will not be forwarded. @ askboard@microsoft.com MSC 123/9999 Office of the Corporate Secretary Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft
Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399 Concerns about accounting or auditing matters or possible violations of our Standards of Business Conduct should be reported under the
procedures outlined in the Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct, which is available on our Microsoft integrity website at microsoft.com/legal/compliance/integrity . Director Independence Guidelines Our Board has adopted director independence
guidelines to assist in determining each director’s independence. These guidelines are available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . The guidelines either meet or are more restrictive than the definition of “independent
director” in the listing requirements of Nasdaq and applicable laws and regulations. The guidelines identify categories of relationships the Board has determined would not affect a director’s independence and therefore are not considered
by the Board in determining director independence. Following the director independence guidelines, each year and before a new director is appointed, the Board must
affirmatively determine a director has no relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as a director. Annually, each director completes a detailed questionnaire that provides
information about relationships that might affect the determination of independence. Management provides the Governance and Nominating Committee and Board with relevant known facts and circumstances of any relationship bearing on the independence of
a director or nominee that is outside the categories permitted under the director independence guidelines. The Committee then completes an assessment of each director considering all known relevant facts and circumstances concerning any relationship
bearing on the independence of a director or nominee. This process includes evaluating whether any identified relationship otherwise adversely affects a director’s independence and affirmatively determining that the director has no material
relationship with Microsoft, another director, or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with our Company. The Governance
and Nominating Committee also considers the tenure of a director, and for longer serving directors, whether the duration of service impacts the director’s independence from management, as demonstrated by the director’s relationship with
management and the director’s participation in Board and committee deliberations. The Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group. Based on the review and recommendation by the Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board analyzed the independence of each director and nominee. The Board determined
that Mses. List, Peterson, Pritzker, Walmsley, and Warrior, and Messrs. Hoffman, Johnston, Rodriguez, Scharf, Stanton, and Thompson meet the standards of independence under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the director independence guidelines,
and applicable Nasdaq listing standards, including that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere with his or her individual exercise of independent judgment. In making its independence determination, the Committee and Board
considered ordinary course transactions between Microsoft and certain related entities, for instance the purchase of software licenses by companies of which a director is an executive officer, and purchases by Microsoft of goods and services from
such companies. In reaching that conclusion with respect to Ms. Pritzker, the Committee and Board considered transactions between LinkedIn, a subsidiary of Microsoft, and 3Q Digital, Inc., a digital marketing
company (“3Q”), which accounted for more than 5% of 3Q’s annual revenue for its 2019, 2020, and 2021 fiscal years. 3Q has provided digital marketing services for LinkedIn since 2015. In 2019, trusts for the
benefit of Ms. Pritzker and her family acquired an indirect majority interest in 3Q. In making its determination regarding Ms. Pritzker’s independence, the Committee and Board noted that
Ms. Pritzker is not a director or officer of, and holds no direct equity ownership interest in, 3Q or any of its parent organizations. The Committee and Board further noted that Ms. Pritzker has
recused herself from participation in any decisions related to 3Q or the Trusts’ investment therein and does not otherwise have the ability to control the Trusts’ investment or other decisions
regarding 3Q. Ms. Pritzker was not involved in the negotiation of the commercial agreements between 3Q and LinkedIn. In May 2021, the commercial relationship between LinkedIn and 3Q was terminated. 28 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Certain Relationships and Related Transactions We are a global company with extensive operations in the U.S. and many foreign countries. Every year, we spend billions of dollars for goods and services purchased from
third parties. The authority of our employees to purchase goods and services is widely dispersed. Because of these wide-ranging activities, there may be transactions, business arrangements, or relationships with businesses and other organizations in
which one of our directors, executive officers, nominees for director, or an owner of 5% or more of our stock (“5% shareholders”) or their immediate families, may also be a director, executive officer, or investor, or have some other
direct or indirect material interest (“related entities”). We will refer to these transactions with related entities as related-party transactions where the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and a director, executive officer, nominee for
director or 5% shareholders, or immediate family member has a direct or indirect material interest. Related-party transactions have the potential to create actual or
perceived conflicts of interest between Microsoft and its directors, executive officers, nominees for director or 5% shareholders, or their immediate family members. The Audit Committee has established a written policy and procedures for review and
approval of related-party transactions. If a related-party transaction subject to review involves directly or indirectly a member of the Audit Committee (or an immediate family member or domestic partner), the remaining Committee members will
conduct the review. In evaluating a related-party transaction, the Audit Committee considers, among other factors: • The goods or services provided by or to the related party • The nature of the transaction and the costs to be incurred by Microsoft or payments to Microsoft • The benefits associated with the transaction and whether comparable or alternative goods or services are available to
Microsoft from unrelated parties • The business advantage Microsoft would gain by engaging in the transaction • The significance of the transaction to Microsoft and to the related party • Management’s determination that the transaction is in the best interests of Microsoft To receive Audit Committee approval, a related-party transaction must have a Microsoft business purpose and be on terms that are fair and reasonable to Microsoft and be
as favorable to Microsoft as would be available from non-related entities in comparable transactions. The Audit Committee also requires that the transaction meet the same Microsoft standards that apply to comparable transactions with unaffiliated
entities. During fiscal year 2022, there were ordinary course transactions between Microsoft and certain related entities, for instance the purchase of software
licenses by companies of which a director is an executive officer and purchases by Microsoft of goods and services from such companies. None of these transactions constituted a related-party transaction that required approval by the Audit Committee. Director Compensation The Compensation Committee periodically reviews the regular annual retainer paid to non-employee directors and makes recommendations for adjustments, as appropriate, to
the full Board. Our objective for compensation to non-employee directors is to award the majority of compensation in equity and to make meaningful adjustments every few years, rather than smaller adjustments that are more frequent. In fiscal year
2022, we increased director compensation for the first time since fiscal year 2015, as shown below. At the same time, without changing the total retainers paid to Mr. Thompson, we determined that he should receive the annual Base Retainer and
Committee-based retainer in his capacity as a non-employee director, and the Lead Independent Director retainer was reduced so that the aggregate payments to Mr. Thompson did not change. Our CEO, Mr. Nadella does not receive pay for
serving as a director or as Board Chairman. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Structure for
Non-Employee Directors through November 29, 2021 Regular
Retainers Annual Base Retainer (TOTAL) $325,000 Cash $125,000 Stock Award $200,000 Committee Retainers (cash) Annual Committee Chair Retainer $15,000 Annual Audit Committee Chair Retainer $45,000 Annual Audit Committee Non-Chair Member
Retainer $15,000 Lead Independent
Director Retainer Annual Lead Independent Director Retainer (TOTAL
– Board and Committee service) $425,000 Cash $125,000 Stock Award $300,000 Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Structure for
Non-Employee Directors from November 30, 2021 Regular
Retainers Annual Base Retainer (TOTAL) $360,000 Cash $125,000 Stock Award $235,000 Committee
Retainers (cash except stock award for Governance and Nominating Committee) Annual Audit Committee Chair Retainer $45,000 Annual Audit Committee Non-Chair Member
Retainer $15,000 Annual Compensation Committee Chair
Retainer $35,000 Annual Environmental, Social, and Public Policy
Committee Chair Retainer $25,000 Annual Governance and Nominating Committee Chair
Retainer $25,000 Lead Independent
Director Retainer (stock award in addition to other retainers) $40,000 The Company reimburses reasonable expenses incurred for Board-related activities. Directors may participate in our corporate matching gift
program for charitable donations. Director retainers are paid quarterly in arrears. Quarterly periods are measured beginning with the annual shareholders meeting. At
the end of each quarterly period, we pay 25% of the total annual retainer to each director. The number of shares awarded each quarterly period is determined by dividing the dollar value of the stock award by the market price of our common stock as
of the last business day of the period. Retainers are pro-rated for directors who join or leave the Board or have a change in Board role during a quarterly period. Directors may elect to defer and convert to deferred stock awards all or part of their annual cash retainer, and to defer receipt of all or part of their annual stock
awards retainer under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. Amounts deferred are maintained in bookkeeping accounts that are deemed invested in Microsoft common stock, and dividends paid on deemed investments are also deemed to
be invested in our common stock. We calculate the number of shares credited by dividing the amount deferred by the closing market price of our common stock on the originally scheduled payment date. Accounts in the plan are distributed in shares of
Microsoft common stock, with payments either in installments beginning on separation from Board service or in a lump sum paid no later than the fifth anniversary after separation from Board service. 30 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Director Compensation This
table describes the cash and stock award portions of the annual retainer paid to each non-employee director who served in fiscal year 2022. Mr. Nadella received no compensation as a director or Board Chairman. He is excluded from the table
because we fully describe his compensation in Part 2 – Named Executive Officer Compensation. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash¹ ($) Stock Awards² ($) All Other Compensation 3 ($) Total ($) Reid G. Hoffman 4 125,000 217,500 0 342,500 Hugh F. Johnston 170,000 217,500 15,000 402,500 Teri L. List 5 140,000 217,500 15,000 372,500 Sandra E. Peterson 6 150,000 217,500 15,000 382,500 Penny S. Pritzker 7 145,000 217,500 15,000 377,500 Carlos A. Rodriguez 8 69,524 117,500 0 187,024 Charles W. Scharf 125,000 217,500 0 342,500 John W. Stanton 140,000 217,500 15,000 372,500 John W. Thompson 9 125,000 304,565 15,000 444,565 Emma N. Walmsley 125,000 217,500 12,363 354,863 Padmasree Warrior 10 125,000 217,500 0 342,500 (1) The value of fractional shares under stock awards that are paid in cash are reported in the Stock Awards column. (2) The aggregate award value in the “Stock Awards” column for each director represents four quarterly awards. The
first two quarters representing a grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 of $50,000 and $58,750 for the final two quarters, with exceptions as follows: Mr. Thompson received a prorated award with a grant date fair value under FASB ASC
Topic 718 of $79,565 for the first quarter and $75,000 for the last three quarters. Mr. Rodriguez joined the Board effective November 30, 2021, so was not eligible to receive a stock award for the first two quarters. (3) Amounts in this column represent matching charitable contributions under our corporate giving program in fiscal year 2022,
which matches director gifts up to $15,000 per calendar year. (4) Mr. Hoffman elected to defer his cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 1,128 shares
of our common stock. (5) Ms. List elected to defer her cash and stock compensation for the first three quarters. The compensation deferred
converted into 835 shares of our common stock. (6) Ms. Peterson elected to defer her cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 1,212 shares
of our common stock. (7) Ms. Pritzker elected to defer her cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 1,195 shares
of our common stock. (8) Mr. Rodriguez joined the Board effective as of the shareholder meeting on November 30, 2021. He became a member
of the Audit Committee on December 8, 2021 and received prorated Audit Committee retainer as a result. He elected to defer his cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 642 shares of our common stock. (9) Mr. Thompson elected to defer his stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 1,001 shares of our
common stock. (10) Ms. Warrior elected to defer a portion of her cash compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 204 shares
of our common stock. Lead Independent Director Compensation Mr. Thompson served as Lead Independent Director during fiscal year 2022. Mr. Thompson’s compensation reflects the additional time commitment for the Lead
Independent Director role compared to other independent directors, which includes: • Leads the Board meetings when the Chairman and CEO is not present • Reviews and approves the agenda and schedule for Board meetings • Calls meetings of the independent directors • Chairs executive sessions and coordinates activities of the independent directors • Leads the Board’s annual CEO performance evaluation • Coordinates Board oversight of CEO succession planning, including maintenance of an emergency succession plan • Chairs the annual shareholders meeting • Acts as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman and CEO • Authorizes retention of outside counsel, advisors, or other consultants who report directly to the Board • When requested, represents the Board with internal and external audiences including shareholders 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 2. Named Executive Officer Compensation A Letter from the Compensation Committee Dear Shareholder, During fiscal year 2022, COVID-19 continued to disrupt our
communities and workplaces around the globe, and despite those challenges, we are again proud of the Company’s efforts to deliver another year of strong financial performance. Microsoft’s diverse product portfolio, durable business models,
and integrated, modern technology stack uniquely positioned the Company for continued progress during the past year. Our executive compensation program is designed
to achieve strong alignment between our long-term strategic goals and our shareholders’ interests, while providing a competitive total pay opportunity to attract and retain the key executives who drive our business and develop the next
generation of leaders. We are committed to continually reviewing our compensation program to ensure it is grounded in our pay-for-performance philosophy. Our Company
continued with its active shareholder outreach program during fiscal year 2022, engaging investors representing approximately 50% of our shares outstanding. This included calls led by the Compensation Committee Chair and Lead Independent Director
focused on soliciting our shareholders’ perspectives on our compensation structure and disclosure. Those calls have engaged investors holding over 30% of Microsoft’s outstanding shares in the two-plus years of the Committee’s current
structure. We carefully considered recent and past shareholder feedback as we made changes to our fiscal year 2022 compensation program. During fiscal year 2022, we
addressed the need to provide ongoing incentives to Mr. Nadella following the final vest in February 2021 of the long-term performance stock award granted at Mr. Nadella’s 2014 promotion to CEO. Shareholders expressed a desire to
ensure the ongoing retention and motivation of Mr. Nadella and the independent members of the Board continue to have high confidence in Mr. Nadella’s exceptional leadership of Microsoft. The Board acted to ensure that his incentive
compensation is aligned to long-term shareholder interests, motivational and appropriately positioned versus market given the Company’s relative size and performance. After a thorough analysis of our options, we concluded that it would be best
to provide Mr. Nadella’s compensation using our existing executive compensation plan framework to ensure an ongoing strong alignment to the incentives of his senior leadership team (“SLT”), while delivering 100% of his equity
compensation via performance stock awards (up from 70% in fiscal year 2021). As a result of this decision, over 95% of Mr. Nadella’s annual target compensation opportunity is now performance-based. For fiscal year 2022, we set
Mr. Nadella’s target performance stock award at $50,000,000, which we believe is the appropriate level of equity compensation for a leader with his extraordinary capabilities and responsibilities and for a company of Microsoft’s
extraordinary scale and complexity. This change to our CEO compensation is described in more detail below. We also continue to look carefully at emerging investor
expectations and best practices for addressing environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) commitments in our executive compensation program. We have been early leaders in this practice having included an assessment of CEO and SLT
progress on culture and diversity and inclusion since 2016 as part of the operational assessment component of the annual cash incentive under our Executive Incentive Plan. With senior management’s focus on achieving Microsoft’s ambitious
carbon reduction commitments, the CEO and SLT’s contributions to the execution of our sustainability goals are also assessed as part of this operational assessment component. Beginning with fiscal year 2022, we renamed the Culture and
Organizational Leadership category of the operational assessment component as the Culture, Diversity & Sustainability category to enhance clarity on how ESG results affect the pay of our named executives. Now, all ESG results for incentive
purposes are considered under this category. We continue to seek feedback from investors and compensation experts as we thoughtfully consider future enhancements that connect executive compensation to Microsoft’s environmental and social
commitments. We believe that these recent changes to our compensation program build on our efforts to thoughtfully align pay with the interests of our shareholders
and incentivize long-term growth. We appreciate your support and welcome your feedback on our compensation program reflected in the following pages and look forward to continued dialogue in the future. Sincerely, The Compensation Committee Sandra E. Peterson (Chair) Charles W. Scharf Emma N. Walmsley Padmasree Warrior 32 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information about
our fiscal year 2022 compensation program for our fiscal year 2022 Named Executives. The content of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis is organized into six sections: Table of Contents Section 1 – Performance
Update p. 33 Section 2 – Executive Compensation Program Changes p. 37 Section 3 – Pay Setting p. 39 Section 4 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Program
 Design p. 42 Section 5 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Decisions p. 45 Section 6 –
 Other Compensation Policies and Information p. 52 Microsoft’s executive compensation program is thoughtfully designed by our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors to align to
Microsoft’s long-term strategy, and over the years we have evolved our executive pay program while maintaining an overarching compensation philosophy aimed at achieving strong alignment between our long-term strategic goals and our
shareholders’ interests. Our current executive compensation program has been structured to align with the business strategy that has been defined by the Board
and Mr. Nadella, and each year the Compensation Committee reviews the existing incentive structure, taking into consideration investor feedback, business performance, and our strategic roadmap, in considering the efficacy of further
enhancements. Section 1 – Performance Update Achieving Strong Financial Results Our strong business execution throughout
fiscal year 2022 achieved the following financial performance: Fiscal Year 2022 Business Performance Percentages are year-over-year Revenue ( 18%) Operating Income ( 19%) Net Income ( 19%) Diluted Earnings per Share ( 20%) $198.3 billion $83.4 billion $72.7 billion $9.65 Other highlights from fiscal year 2022 included: • Microsoft Cloud (formerly commercial cloud) revenue increased 32% to $91.2 billion • Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 13% • Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 11% • LinkedIn revenue increased 34% • Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 25% • Server products and cloud services revenue increased 28% • Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (“Windows OEM”) revenue increased 11% • Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 11% 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING • Xbox content and services revenue increased 3% • Search and news advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 27% • Surface revenue increased 3% Key performance metrics are defined in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Superior Shareholder Returns Annual Cumulative Total Shareholder Return during Mr. Nadella’s CEO tenure: MSFT vs.
S&P 500 Feb. 4, 2014 through June 30, 2022 (includes reinvestment of dividends) Driving Business Success When in 2014 the
Board of Directors appointed Mr. Nadella as the third Chief Executive Officer in its history, Microsoft had revenues of $86.8 billion, net income of $22.1 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $2.63. Those figures have, respectively, more
than doubled ($198.3 billion), more than tripled ($72.7 billion), and almost quadrupled ($9.65) in the intervening years. In addition to another year of consistently strong financial performance, Mr. Nadella and his leadership team have
positioned Microsoft to continue to drive performance for years to come. They have achieved this through: • Growing and diversifying the business through relentless innovation • Enhancing synergies between our own products and services and creating a portfolio of industry clouds to multiply
opportunities for customers to realize value • Partnering with other technology providers to remove friction and accelerate customers’ digital transformations and
executing strategic acquisitions to broaden our reach Leadership in Innovation and Growth The mission statement Mr. Nadella articulated at the outset of his tenure, to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more, along with
his focus on transforming the Company culture, has animated the growth of our products and services portfolio. 34 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Below are examples that illustrate the innovative products, services, and partnerships driving momentum and growth
across the Company. Azure . Azure cloud computing is perhaps the most powerful example of how Microsoft’s innovation is driving growth. Azure is a natural
outgrowth of Microsoft’s DNA as a platform company. It was built to unlock a vast array of infrastructure as a service (“IaaS”), platform as a service (“PaaS”), and software as a service (“SaaS”) solutions. We have
developed – and continue to create – scores of offerings that build on Azure’s capabilities and multiply its usefulness. Offerings include Azure OpenAI Service for machine learning; Azure Synapse for data storage, integration, and
analytics; and Power BI to glean and access data insights from across the enterprise. Mr. Nadella has stated we aimed to build Azure as the “world’s
computer.” We’ve built more datacenter regions than any other provider, delivering faster access to cloud services while addressing critical data residency requirements, and have announced our intention to launch ten regions over the next
year. In fiscal year 2022, the number of Azure deals exceeding $100 million more than doubled year-over-year. Microsoft’s cloud revenue, which includes Azure and other cloud offerings such as Office 365 Commercial and Dynamics 365, exceeded $91
billion. Security . Our security business has grown dramatically from innovation and adroitly recognizing market opportunities. Our security portfolio focuses
not only on Microsoft technology, but on customers’ entire technology estate. We deliver advanced security solutions for a variety of platforms outside our own, which integrate more than 50 different categories in security, compliance,
identity, device management, and privacy. We secure other vendors’ clouds and productivity solutions. We can serve as a comprehensive security vendor for customers’ entire range of interoperating products from Microsoft and other
companies. Through organic growth and acquisitions, our security business reached annualized revenue of over $15 billion. In fiscal year 2022 we announced our intent to invest $20 billion over five years to advance our security solutions and protect
customers. Advertising . Our advertising business continues to grow through differentiated offerings across our online properties, as well as through strategic
acquisitions. In fiscal year 2022, LinkedIn Marketing Solutions surpassed $5 billion in annual revenue for the first time. We are creating new monetization opportunities for marketers and publishers on the web, while assuring consumer privacy and
strong data governance. Bing and our personalized Windows content feed, Microsoft Start, continue to grow engagement. Our acquisition of Xandr in 2022 brings into our fold one of the world’s largest marketplaces for premium advertising. Power Platform . Power Platform is making it even easier for teams of professional and citizen developers to build end-to-end business solutions together. With
nearly 25 million monthly active users, Power Platform comprises an end-to-end suite of tools to automate workflows, create apps, build virtual agents, and analyze data. Because non-IT professionals can learn and use Power Platform, subject
matter experts who are closest to the workflow can use low-code or no-code tools to do problem solving in business processes. GitHub . GitHub is a source of
dynamic innovation and a key element of Microsoft’s position as the premier developer platform. GitHub Copilot is a first-of-its-kind artificial intelligence-based programmer that helps developers write better code faster. When enabled, Copilot
writes up to 35% to 40% of the code, greatly increasing developer productivity. GitHub expanded features bring it from just a source code management platform to an entire suite for development, security, and operations, with features such as
continuous integration/continuous delivery and package management in our Codespaces service. GitHub Advanced Security allows developers to scan code for vulnerabilities, secrets, tokens, and other issues that can compromise secure code, and ensure
all dependencies and open-source components are up to date. Product Synergies and Industry Clouds Microsoft is continually building connections between our products and services in ways that create powerful new levels of utility. Microsoft Teams . Microsoft Teams, our premier communication and collaboration application, is one example of how we develop these synergies. Our metaverse service,
Mesh, integrates with Teams to enable shared immersive experiences from informal watercooler conversations to structured whiteboarding sessions. Microsoft Digital Contact Center Platform brings together Teams, Dynamics 365, and enterprise AI
capabilities from Nuance, to deliver customer engagement in the entire range of channels. New integrations between Dynamics 365 Intelligent Order Management and Teams help people collaborate seamlessly to minimize supply chain disruptions. Teams
itself has become a first-class platform for application development, as the number of third-party and line of business Teams applications with active usage increased by 40% in fiscal year 2022. Intelligent data . A foundational element of Azure is data storage and management. That is, however, only a first step toward the comprehensive digital
transformation companies need to remain competitive. We designed our Intelligent Data Platform to unlock productivity and value from an enterprise’s data estate. Power Platform enables customers to gain insights from their data, 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING automate and build low-code solutions to business processes, and facilitate routine inquiries at scale through virtual agents. Our analytics and machine learning tools drive productivity gains by
transforming unstructured data into actionable information that supports operational reliability, effective supply chain management, and rapid product innovation. Industry clouds . We recognize different industries have particular business requirements. Our industry clouds bring together capabilities across the entire
Microsoft Cloud, along with industry-specific customizations, to improve time to value, increase agility, and lower costs. Our Clouds for Healthcare, Financial Services, Manufacturing, and Retail leverage customized combinations of products and
services to overcome business challenges specific to each of those verticals. From data governance and artificial intelligence to metaverse applications, our industry clouds help companies solve common challenges and allocate resources to their
highest value and most differentiating activities. Because sustainability is an existential priority for our society and for every business today, we offer a Cloud
for Sustainability to help any organization track its carbon footprint and other metrics to help meet its sustainability goals. Our Cloud for Nonprofit helps charitable organizations unlock the power of their data to achieve more transformative
impact. Partnering and Acquisitions We
partner with many of the leading enterprise technology companies to empower customers and grow market opportunities together. In July 2022, we announced a new service to accelerate adoption of Oracle workloads on Azure, making Microsoft the only
public cloud with simplified direct access to Oracle databases running on Oracle Cloud. Through our collaboration with SAP, we’ve built a pathway for customers to migrate their SAP workloads to the cloud to take advantage of lower costs,
increased agility, and reduced risk. Through the Azure VMware Solution, we have enabled enterprises to seamlessly move VMware-based workloads from their datacenters to Azure and integrate their VMware environments with Azure. In our rapidly growing
security business, we have over 15,000 partners in our ecosystem, more than anyone else in the industry. Now, instead of one conversation on productivity, another on infrastructure, and yet another on business applications, our customer conversation
can revolve around how all these products more seamlessly merge, whether it’s our software alone, or a combination of ours and partner solutions. Mr. Nadella has been bold and visionary in finding strategic acquisitions that build on and enhance our core offerings. LinkedIn, with its services that help both
employers and workers network, grow professionally, and find one another, has shown consistent and strong growth since we acquired it in 2016. Four distinct businesses at LinkedIn surpassed the billion-dollar revenue threshold in fiscal year 2022.
Similarly, GitHub has continued to strengthen its position as the preferred platform for developers since its acquisition in 2018. More recently, the acquisition of
Nuance Communications, consummated in 2022, will enable organizations across industries to accelerate their business goals with our security-focused, cloud-based solutions infused with powerful, vertically optimized artificial intelligence. Our goal
is for customers to benefit from enhanced consumer, patient, clinician, and employee experiences, ultimately improving productivity and financial performance. Nuance is a key catalyst for the growth of our healthcare industry vertical. And, in January 2022, we announced our agreement to acquire Activision Blizzard as an investment to make it easier for people to play great games wherever, whenever, and
however they want. We expect the transaction will increase innovation in content creation and reduce constraints on distribution. It also significantly expands our presence in mobile, the largest segment in the gaming business. These examples of innovation, synergy, and partnership are far from exhaustive. They provide a view, however, into the diverse and innovative set of technologies and
products Microsoft has built under Mr. Nadella’s leadership. It is a multi-faceted engine of growth that provides more avenues for continued success. The uses for Microsoft’s technology toolbox are as expansive as our customers’
imaginations. Mr. Nadella has quite intentionally conditioned Microsoft’s success on that of our customers – while providing the platform and technologies on which our customers will achieve it. This is a durable strategy that can
thrive through economic cycles, business disruptions, and the ever-increasing pace of change that characterizes the current global marketplace, precisely because Microsoft enables companies and individuals to successfully address those very
challenges. Environmental and Social Leadership As we articulate in Part
1, Governance and our Board of Directors, we believe Microsoft’s strategic environmental and social commitments play an important role in fostering Microsoft’s long-term success and value creation for our shareholders. We provide extensive
reporting on our environmental and social performance and progress towards our commitments at microsoft.com/transparency . Among just a few of this year’s highlights: • Microsoft’s five-year, $20 billion commitment to advance our security solutions includes $150 million to help U.S.
government agencies upgrade cybersecurity protections. We also enhanced our global skilling initiative with new commitments to help the U.S. and 24 other countries with substantial cybersecurity workforce shortages to grow their number of skilled
candidates and increase diversity in the cybersecurity field. 36 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING • The Company continues transparently tracking and reporting annually on our progress towards our sustainability commitments,
sharing our progress, challenges, and learnings as we pursue our commitments to become carbon negative, water positive, zero waste, and to build a Planetary Computer. • Microsoft supported important customer privacy protections in the new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework and committed to
go beyond it by meeting or exceeding all the requirements it outlines for companies ( aka.ms/EUPolicyBlog-DataAgreement ). • Microsoft released our Responsible AI Standard ( aka.ms/RAI ), which helps operationalize Microsoft’s six
Responsible AI principles ( aka.ms/RAIApproach ) through goals, tools, and practices to support them. • While much more work remains, we made progress increasing diverse representation and inclusion at Microsoft and invested in
our employees to advance our culture and environments where people can do their best work. Section 2 – Executive Compensation Program Changes Shareholder Engagement Our executive compensation program is grounded in a compensation
philosophy aimed at achieving strong alignment between our long-term strategic goals and our shareholders’ interests. Feedback received from our shareholders through ongoing engagement discussions informs our Compensation Committee’s
deliberations as it reviews the incentive structures in place on an ongoing basis. Our Board
and our Compensation Committee deeply value the continued interest of and feedback from our shareholders on our executive compensation program and are committed to maintaining an active dialogue with them to ensure their perspectives are
thoughtfully taken into account. We carefully consider both the level of voting support from
our shareholders on our say-on-pay vote, as well as comments from Shareholder Engagement Engaged with shareholders owning approximately 50% of shares in FY22 Compensation Committee Chair and Lead
Independent Director annually engage with large shareholders shareholders, when evaluating our executive compensation program. At the 2021 Annual Meeting, over 95% of the votes cast supported our
advisory resolution on the compensation of our Named Executives (“say-on-pay” vote). As in prior years, in fiscal year 2022 we continued our active
shareholder engagement program, discussing compensation and a broad range of ESG issues with shareholders representing approximately 50% of our outstanding shares, including participation by our Compensation Committee Chair and Lead Independent
Director. Together, the Compensation Committee Chair and Lead Independent Director have solicited our shareholders’ perspectives on our compensation structure and disclosure in engagements with investors holding over 30% of Microsoft’s
outstanding shares in the two-plus years of the Committee’s current structure. CEO Compensation During fiscal year 2022, we addressed the need to provide ongoing incentives to Mr. Nadella following the February 2021 final vest of long-term performance stock
award granted at Mr. Nadella’s 2014 promotion to CEO. Mr. Nadella’s criticality to Microsoft’s ongoing success was a regular focus of feedback we received from shareholders, which is consistent with our independent Board
members’ high confidence in Mr. Nadella’s exceptional leadership of Microsoft. In reviewing Mr. Nadella’s compensation, the independent
members of the Board were determined to ensure that his incentive compensation is aligned to long-term shareholder interests, motivational and appropriately positioned versus market given the Company’s relative size and performance. After a
thorough analysis of options, our independent Board members concluded that it would be best to deliver Mr. Nadella’s compensation under our existing Executive Incentive Plan framework to ensure an ongoing strong alignment to the incentives
of the senior leadership team, while delivering 100% of his equity compensation via performance stock awards (up from 70% in fiscal year 2021). For fiscal year 2022, Mr. Nadella’s target performance stock award was set at $50,000,000,
which our independent Board members concluded is the appropriate level of equity compensation for a leader with his extraordinary capabilities and responsibilities and for a company of Microsoft’s extraordinary scale and complexity. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The changes to Mr. Nadella’s incentive compensation structure for fiscal year 2022 are shown in the table
below: Pay Element FY21 Elements / Metrics / Weightings FY22 Elements / Metrics / Weightings Annual Cash Incentives Financial •  Incentive Plan Revenue (35%) •  Incentive Plan Operating Income (35%) 70% Financial (no change) •  Incentive Plan Revenue (35%) •  Incentive Plan Operating Income (35%) 70% Operational •  Product & Strategy (10%) •  Customers & Stakeholders (10%) •  Culture & Organizational Leadership (10%) 30% Operational (new) •  Product & Strategy (10%) •  Customers & Stakeholders (10%) •  Culture, Diversity & Sustainability* (10%) * New name for fiscal year 2022 30% Long-Term Equity Performance Stock Award Three, one-year performance periods with following metrics: •  Commercial
Cloud Revenue (33%) •  Commercial Cloud Subscribers (32%) •  Teams Monthly Active Usage (20%) •  Xbox Game Pass Subscribers (5%) •  Surface Revenue (5%) •  LinkedIn Sessions (5%) 70% Performance Stock Award (new) Three, one-year performance periods with following metrics: •  Microsoft Cloud Revenue* (30%) •  Microsoft Cloud Subscribers Growth* (20%) •  Teams Monthly Active Usage Growth (20%) •  Xbox Game Pass Subscribers Growth (10%) •  Windows OEM Revenue Growth (10%) •  LinkedIn Sessions (10%) * New name for fiscal year 2022 100% Relative TSR
Modifier: • 3-Year Relative TSR modifier (0.75– 1.5x) as compared to the S&P 500 • If Microsoft’s TSR is positive and above the
60 th percentile, payout modifier is above 1x, with up to 50% upside at the 80 th percentile or above • If Microsoft’s TSR is below the 40 th percentile,
payout modifier is below 1x, with up to 25% downside at 20 th percentile or below Stock Award • Four-year ratable vesting 30% Stock Award (new) • Four-year ratable vesting 0% As a result of the changes to Mr. Nadella’s compensation for fiscal year 2022, over 95% of his compensation is
performance-based. 2021 vs. 2022 CEO Pay Mix 38 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING ESG Role in Annual Cash Incentive In our meetings with investors, we heard requests for additional clarity on our approach to including ESG commitments in our executive compensation program. Our annual
cash incentive has included an assessment of CEO and SLT progress on culture and diversity and inclusion since 2016, signaling Microsoft’s early leadership in linking ESG measures to executive compensation. With senior management’s focus
on achieving Microsoft’s ambitious carbon reduction commitments, our annual cash incentive also includes an assessment of progress on sustainability. Beginning with fiscal year 2022, we renamed the Culture & Organizational Leadership
category of the operational assessment component of the annual cash incentive as the Culture, Diversity & Sustainability category to enhance clarity on how ESG results affect the pay of our named executives. Now, all ESG results are considered
under this category. We continue to seek feedback from shareholders and compensation experts as we thoughtfully consider future enhancements that connect executive compensation to Microsoft’s environmental and social commitments. Section 3 – Pay Setting Our Compensation Committee establishes the design of our executive compensation program. After considering Mr. Nadella’s recommendations, our Compensation
Committee also approves the annual target compensation (base salaries, target cash incentives, and equity incentive compensation) for our Named Executives, except Mr. Nadella. After considering the recommendation of our Compensation Committee,
the independent members of our Board approved Mr. Nadella’s base salary, target cash incentive, and target performance stock award, providing no time-based stock awards for fiscal year 2022. Our Compensation Committee also retains, and seeks the advice of, Pay Governance, an executive compensation consulting firm that is independent of management. See Part 1
– Governance and our Board of Directors – Board Committees for more information on Pay Governance’s role and independence as an advisor to the Compensation Committee. Executive Compensation Philosophy We design our executive compensation
program to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our success and industry leadership while considering individual and Company performance and alignment with the long-term interests of our shareholders. We achieve our objectives
through a compensation program that: • Provides a competitive total pay opportunity that takes into account our relative scale and performance • Delivers a majority of our executives’ pay through performance-based incentives • Provides strong alignment with our shareholders, with at least 70% of the annual target compensation opportunity for our
Named Executives delivered in the form of equity awards, with average across all Named Executives of over 80% • Focuses on the long-term through equity awards with multi-year vesting or performance requirements • Does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk-taking, assisted by our stock ownership policy and executive compensation
recovery (“clawback”) policy 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Compensation Best Practices What We Do What We Don’t Do •  Maintain a stock ownership policy
that reinforces the alignment of executive officer and shareholder interests (including requiring stock ownership of 15x base salary for the CEO) •  Have a strong executive compensation recovery (“clawback”) policy to ensure accountability •  Promote long-term focus through
multi-year vesting and performance requirements •  Prohibit pledging, hedging, and trading in derivatives of Microsoft securities •  Retain an independent compensation
consultant •  Solicit investor feedback
on our compensation program and potential enhancements through an extensive shareholder engagement program •  Settle all long-term incentives in Microsoft stock •  No excessive perquisites (e.g.,
no executive-only club memberships or medical benefits), and no tax gross-ups •  No employment agreements •  No change in control payments or benefits •  No executive-only retirement
programs •  No guaranteed bonuses •  No dividends paid on unvested stock
awards •  No encouragement of
unnecessary and excessive risk taking Competitive Pay We compete for senior
executive talent with global information technology companies, large market capitalization U.S. companies, and smaller, high-growth technology businesses, depending on the role. The current technology labor market is hyper-competitive with demand
growing faster than the supply of specialized technical talent, resulting in significant increases in compensation at many of the companies with which we compete for this talent. The same conditions exist in the market for executive-level talent
that can provide innovative leadership while managing at a global scale across several complex businesses. We expect these trends to continue and will work to ensure our approach to executive compensation is responsive to evolving market conditions. Approach to Compensation Benchmarking To ensure that our Board and
Compensation Committee have current information to set appropriate compensation levels, we conduct an executive compensation market analysis each year that draws from third-party compensation surveys and publicly available data for a group of peer
companies. We supplement this analysis with additional market information specific to each executive’s role and responsibilities, including information gleaned from our experience recruiting for executive positions at Microsoft. While this
market analysis and supplemental data inform the decisions of the independent members of our Board and our Compensation Committee on the range of compensation opportunities, we do not tie Named Executive compensation to specific market percentiles.
Because other companies actively recruit our executives to fill CEO and other senior leadership positions, we supplement market information with data on external opportunities potentially available to our executives. We also consider the
relationship of annual target compensation among internal peers. In setting our fiscal year 2022 executive compensation program design and compensation levels, we
considered pay practices at the largest technology and general industry companies that our Compensation Committee believes are led by executives with similarly complex roles and responsibilities. Our Compensation Committee also screened these
companies to ensure they had a significant presence outside the U.S. and excluded companies in the financial services sector because of the different regulatory environment in which they operate. 40 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Peer Group Used for Fiscal Year 2022 Pay Analysis For fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee reviewed the evolution of our business against our historical peer group, and as a result approved the use of two peer
groups to better reflect the differentiated business, talent and, in some cases, pay models, across sectors: • Primary Peer Group of bellwether technology companies, which reflect Microsoft’s more direct competitors for executive
talent • Secondary Peer Group of “large cap” general industry companies, which reflect the complexities of operating large,
global, innovative businesses and Microsoft’s broader competition for executive talent The companies in the fiscal year 2022 peer groups are: Primary Peer Group – Technology Adobe Alphabet Amazon Apple Cisco Systems IBM Intel Meta Oracle Qualcomm Salesforce Secondary Peer Group – General Industry Accenture AT&T Comcast Honeywell Johnson & Johnson Merck Pfizer Procter & Gamble Tesla Walt Disney Verizon Given Microsoft’s significant scale and growth, Microsoft is larger than the typical company in both peer groups, which is a factor
when we set executive pay. The following charts show Microsoft’s position within the combined peer groups on the two screening criteria. Data is presented in billions as of August 12, 2022, with annual revenue based on the most recent
publicly reported fiscal year-end data. Performance-Based Pay and Goal Setting Our
incentive compensation arrangements are tied to specific performance measures that drive long-term performance and value creation. For fiscal year 2022: • Over 95% of our CEO’s annual target compensation opportunity was performance-based and over 50% of the total pay
opportunity for other Named Executives was performance-based • 70% of our CEO’s annual cash incentive was tied to achieving pre-established financial metric targets (50% for our
other Named Executives) • 100% of our CEO’s annual target equity opportunity was delivered in the form of a performance-based stock award (50%
for our other Named Executives), with payouts based on achievement against pre-established quantitative performance metrics • Management and our Compensation Committee discussed in detail the metrics that determine performance stock awards to ensure
they are leading indicators that will drive long-term performance and value creation. The Committee establishes rigorous goals for each metric that require significant year-over-year improvement in order for target awards to be earned • Performance stock awards include a relative TSR modifier to strengthen the alignment of the interests of our Named
Executives with the long-term interests of our shareholders; in order for the TSR modifier to affect the performance stock awards positively, our relative TSR must be above the peer company 60 th percentile 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 41 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Our Compensation Committee sets cash incentive and performance stock award (“PSA”) metric targets at the
levels established, after review and engagement by the Board, for internal budgeting purposes. These targets are intended to be challenging but achievable. Our Compensation Committee then determines thresholds, maximums, and interim payout levels
after considering historical data, upside/downside scenarios, sensitivity analysis, and year-over-year growth comparisons, to ensure rigorous alignment of payouts to performance. We set thresholds that we believe are reasonably achievable and
maximums that we believe can be reached only with exceptional performance. Our Compensation Committee actively reviews the appropriateness of payout thresholds and maximums for each metric. Our Compensation Committee focuses on ensuring that our
challenging goals, when achieved, will result in shareholder value creation and, historically, our performance on these challenging goals has led to substantial returns to our shareholders. Pay Mix Over 95% of the annual target
compensation opportunity for the CEO is performance-based and over 50% for our other Named Executives. All Named Executive Officers had at least 70% of the annual target compensation delivered in the form of equity awards, with average across all
Named Executives over 80%, to incentivize a long-term focus and align their interests with those of our shareholders. Fiscal Year 2022 Pay Mix Section 4 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Program Design Consistent with our philosophy, the compensation program for our Named Executives in fiscal year 2022 consisted of an annual base salary plus annual cash and equity
incentives awarded under our Executive Incentive Plan (“Incentive Plan”). Annual cash incentives were performance-based, with 70% determined formulaically
based on achievement against pre-established financial targets for our CEO (50% for our other Named Executives) and 30% determined based on operational performance in three weighted performance categories for our CEO (50% for our other Named
Executives). Our Compensation Committee and the independent members of our Board believe this strengthens our CEO’s accountability to achieving results on the objective financial metrics that most closely align with our business strategy. Equity incentives under the Incentive Plan were allocated 100% to target PSAs for our CEO. Equity incentives under the Incentive Plan were allocated 50% to target PSAs
and 50% to stock awards with four-year vesting (“SAs”) for our other Named Executives. Our Compensation Committee and the independent members of our Board believed the 100% PSA level for our CEO will strengthen the alignment of his pay and
Microsoft’s long-term performance, while the 50/50 balance between PSAs and SAs appropriately supported our long-term business goals and long-term retention incentives for our other Named Executives. 42 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Base Salaries Our Named
Executives’ base salaries align with the scope and complexity of their roles, their capabilities, and with prevailing market conditions. Annual Cash
Incentives Cash incentives are determined in two performance categories for our CEO and other Named Executives (“NEOs”), as follows: * “Incentive Plan Revenue” and “Incentive Plan Operating Income” are non-GAAP financial measures defined
on page 46. Financial We include financial results in our cash incentive to measure our success in meeting internal annual financial performance goals for revenue and profitability that we
believe drive long-term value creation. For fiscal year 2022, the financial formulaic portion of the annual cash incentives was determined based on meeting
pre-established performance targets for Incentive Plan Revenue and Incentive Plan Operating Income. The fiscal year 2022 Incentive Plan Revenue and Incentive Plan Operating Income performance targets were based on meeting the Company’s fiscal
year 2022 internal operating budget. Operational Assessment The operational assessment portion of each Named Executive’s fiscal year 2022 annual cash incentives was determined based on evaluation of their individual
contributions to the furtherance of financial, operational, strategic, and ESG indicators in three performance categories. The performance indicators varied based on the Named Executive’s responsibilities and the function or group he or she
leads, and may have included (in alphabetical order in each category): Product & Strategy Customers & Stakeholders Culture, Diversity
&       Sustainability • Efficiency and productivity • Innovation • Product development and implementation of strategic roadmap • Quality • Revenue, consumption, and market share • Customer and partner engagement and
outreach • Customer satisfaction • Developer engagement • Compliance and integrity • Culture • Diversity and inclusion • Organizational health • Sustainability and carbon reduction 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 43 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING For Mr. Nadella, the independent members of our Board also considered: • Input from Microsoft’s senior executives about Mr. Nadella’s leadership • The scorecard we use to measure performance against Microsoft’s annual business plan • Mr. Nadella’s evaluation of Microsoft’s and his individual performance over the past fiscal year Equity Compensation Under the Incentive Plan, each
year our Named Executives receive PSAs and our Named Executives, other than Mr. Nadella, receive SAs. Performance Stock Awards PSAs are designed to encourage our executives to achieve rigorous goals in key performance metrics to drive long-term performance and value creation. Due to the dynamic nature of our business and the specificity in the performance metrics that are chosen under our PSA program, we believe that measuring performance
annually over our three-year performance period and modifying awards based on our three-year relative TSR provides the most accurate assessment of Microsoft’s long-term trajectory and performance achievements. Fiscal Year 2022 Performance Stock Award Metrics and Weights Fiscal year 2022 PSA metrics are strategic measures that drive long-term performance and value creation. Targets for the PSA metrics are set at the target levels
established under Microsoft’s fiscal year business plan and are intended to be difficult but attainable, and additional information about our goal-setting process is on pages 41-42. The metrics and weights used for fiscal year 2022 are in
the table below. Fiscal Year 2022 PSA Metrics Performance Metrics Description Weights Microsoft Cloud Revenue* Revenue from Azure and other cloud services, Office 365 Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties 30% Microsoft Cloud Subscribers Growth Paid seats for current or new per-user SaaS cloud services primarily in commercial customer segment 20% Teams Monthly Active Usage   Growth Unique monthly active users of Teams in Enterprise, Corporate, Small and Medium Business, Education, and Consumer 20% Xbox Game Pass   Subscribers   Growth Current number of paid Game Pass Subscriptions (Console, PC, Ultimate) 10% Windows OEM Revenue*   Growth Revenue from sales of Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel 10% LinkedIn Sessions Measure of member visits as a leading indicator of the overall quality of the LinkedIn member experience and opportunity for members to realize their economic
opportunity 10% * “Microsoft Cloud Revenue” and “Windows OEM Revenue Growth”, when used as PSA metrics in this
Compensation Discussion and Analysis, are non-GAAP financial measures defined on page 51. 44 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The fiscal year 2022 PSA metrics were used to establish performance goals for (i) year 3 of the 2020 PSAs,
(ii) year 2 of the 2021 PSAs, and (iii) year 1 of the 2022 PSAs, as shown below. PSA Metrics Our fiscal year 2022 PSA metric results can be found on pages 51-52 below. Stock Awards Stock awards were granted under the Incentive Plan in September 2021 for shares of Microsoft common stock. These stock awards vest over four years, with 25% vesting on
August 31, 2022 and 12.5% each six-months thereafter, to support long-term focus and align with shareholders’ interests. Vesting is subject to continued employment except as described on pages 52-53 below. On-Hire Compensation In connection with his employment as our Executive Vice
President, Business Development, Strategy, and Ventures on November 11, 2020, our Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Young an on-hire cash bonus with a second $1,500,000 installment payable within 30 days after the first anniversary of his
employment start date. This installment is repayable to Microsoft if Mr. Young resigns his employment, or his employment is terminated for “misconduct” prior to the second anniversary of his employment start date. No Other Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation During fiscal year 2022, the
Compensation Committee and independent members of our Board awarded no other compensation to our Named Executives. Section 5 – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Decisions Our Named Executives were awarded the following compensation in fiscal year 2022: Fiscal Year 2022 Base Salaries As part of the annual review of target
compensation opportunities, our Compensation Committee and, for Mr. Nadella, the independent members of our Board, reviewed the base salaries of our Named Executives in September 2021. The independent members of our Board did not increase the
base salary of $2.5 million for Mr. Nadella, which it continued to believe was reasonable and appropriate given his role, capabilities, and experience, as well as the Company’s relative scale and performance. Our Compensation Committee
approved base salaries of $1 million for Mr. Smith and $960,000 for Mr. Althoff, based on a competitive market review of their roles and contributions. The Committee did not change the base salaries of Ms. Hood or Mr. Young. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 45 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Fiscal Year 2022 Cash Incentive Awards We did not increase our target cash incentive opportunities in fiscal year 2022 as a percentage of base salary. For fiscal year 2022, these opportunities were:
Mr. Nadella – 300%; Ms. Hood – 250%; Mr. Smith – 250%; and Mr. Young – 200%. In connection with Mr. Althoff’s appointment to Chief Commercial Officer the Compensation Committee set
Mr. Althoff’s target cash incentive opportunity at 250%. Our Compensation Committee and, for Mr. Nadella, the independent members of our Board,
determined the fiscal year 2022 cash incentive awards. These were based on two performance categories: financial results and operational performance results. Final
results under each portion of the cash incentive, and the resulting awards, were as follows: Nadella Hood Althoff Smith Young Financial results (70% CEO / 50% other
NEOs) 121.03% 121.03% 121.03% 121.03% 121.03% Operational results (30% CEO / 50% other
NEOs) 165.00% 165.00% 163.34% 165.00% 130.00% Total FY22 cash incentive (% of target) 134.22% 143.02% 142.19% 143.02% 125.52% Total FY22 cash incentive ($) $10,066,500 $3,575,500 $3,412,560 $3,551,664 $2,133,840 Financial Results The fiscal year 2022
financial performance measures are shown below, resulting in a weighted payout of 121.03%. We note that our Incentive Plan Revenue result was at 99.7% of target while achieving a 18.37% fiscal year 2022 growth rate, demonstrating our commitment to
rigorous goal setting. Financial Results ($ in billions) FY21 Actual FY22 Threshold FY22 Target FY22 Maximum FY22 Actual FY22 Growth Rate FY22 Incentive Plan Revenue $174.59 $194.78 $207.21 $218.61 $206.67 18.37% FY22 Incentive Plan Operating Income $71.53 $75.08 $82.02 $92.67 $86.73 21.25% “Incentive Plan Revenue” and “Incentive Plan Operating Income” are non-GAAP financial measures. We calculate
Incentive Plan Revenue by adjusting GAAP Revenue for (1) the net impact of revenue deferrals, (2) credits and incentives, (3) the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations, and (4) the impact of the March 2022 acquisition of
Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”). We calculate Incentive Plan Operating Income by adjusting GAAP Operating Income for the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations and the impact of the March 2022 acquisition of Nuance. We exclude
the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on a “constant dollar” basis by converting current period non-GAAP (i.e., adjusted for the items in the preceding two sentences) results for entities reporting in currencies other than U.S.
dollars into U.S. dollars using constant exchange rates, which are determined at the outset of the current period, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. These Incentive Plan financial metrics differ from the
non-GAAP financial results we report in our quarterly earnings release materials. They should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 46 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Operational Results Satya Nadella The key results influencing the Compensation Committee and the independent members of our Board decisions on the
operational performance portion of Mr. Nadella’s cash incentive are set forth below. Results are out of a possible 200% in each category. Average Financial: 121.03% + Average Operational: 165% = Overall Bonus: 134.22% Product & Strategy (10%) 160% •  Following
outstanding performance in fiscal year 2021, Mr. Nadella again led Microsoft to achieve strong revenue growth across business lines, including 18% growth in Office 365 Commercial, 11% growth in Windows Commercial Products and cloud services
driven by demand for Microsoft 365, 39% growth in Dynamics 365, 45% growth in Azure and other cloud services, 34% growth for LinkedIn, and our security business reaching annualized revenue of over $15 billion. In the area of security, Microsoft
was the only firm recognized as best-in-breed across 19 Gartner, Forrester, and IDC categories, with over 70 billion threats stopped. In addition, Microsoft
continued its acceleration of Customer Solution Areas (CSAs) across commercial and consumer segments. •  As
the world explored what it would mean to “return to work,” Microsoft deepened its position with enterprises as the leading provider of modern work solutions – evidenced by the growth in Microsoft 365 and Teams. Mr. Nadella’s
leadership has also resulted in higher customer adoption and satisfaction, with Windows 11 achieving the highest satisfaction rate in its history. •  Xbox engaged more gamers across console, PC and mobile, delivering over 25 million Game Pass
subscriptions and winning console share three quarters in a row. Our planned acquisition of Activision Blizzard amplifies our commitment to delivering world-class content to gamers wherever they choose to play. •  Under Mr. Nadella’s leadership in fiscal year 2022, Microsoft made signfiicant strides in threat
intelligence and strengthening the Microsoft “brand” in security. Microsoft expanded its lead in global infrastructure and resiliency with 60+ available cloud regions. •  Mr. Nadella led substantial progress in documenting our strategy and facilitating frequent and open
discussions across the board and management. Mr. Nadella’s leadership in fiscal year 2022 enhanced for all stakeholders the clarity of Microsoft’s product/strategy vision. Customers & Stakeholders (10%) 170% •  Mr. Nadella
led Microsoft to make 21 new investments and 39 follow-on investments – many in new growth areas – to enable Microsoft to retain its prominence in usage and share growth across existing and new
customers. •  During fiscal year 2022, Microsoft launched and expanded partnerships and collaborations with
clients such as FedEx, Boeing, and the NBA to create more value by influencing strategy, develop new growth areas, and guide future decisions. Mr. Nadella led expansion into new categories, including investments in Consensys (web3) and WAYVE
(autonomous transport), which is scaling the development of AI-based models for autonomous vehicles using Azure. •  Microsoft advanced its position as the preferred, or primary, cloud partner for many organizations across
industries. Microsoft closed the Nuance acquisition, which is creating new growth opportunities that the Company is leveraging across platform solutions. •  Mr. Nadella continued Microsoft’s leadership as a responsible global brand, ranking #1 on Forbes’ 2021 The Just 100 List for responsibility to workers, customers, communities, shareholders, and the environment. Microsoft enhanced its brand and presence through successful marketing, branding, and product placement
initiatives across customer interest areas and platforms. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 47 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Culture, Diversity & Sustainability (10%) 165% •  Mr. Nadella led the Company in its industry-leading initiatives that
advanced our position as a trusted global tech company in the emerging era of regulation. Mr. Nadella led Microsoft’s cross-company response in support and defense of the Ukraine government and furthered the Company’s good government
relationships. •  Microsoft strengthened our employee value proposition through enhanced compensation and,
importantly, benefits. Under Mr. Nadella’s leadership, we achieved higher employee retention, particularly of our highest potential and most highly performing colleagues. •  Mr. Nadella’s focus on Microsoft’s role in the broader world and fulfilling the Company’s
desire to lead across important global priorities were pronounced in fiscal year 2022. Microsoft played a pivotal role in protecting against cybersecurity threats. The Company is making strong progress on our commitments to environmental
sustainability, where Microsoft is on-track to meet 2025 and 2030 commitments across carbon, water, and waste. Microsoft reduced its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 17% while growing revenue, and is on the
path to 100% direct renewable energy by 2025. •  Under Mr. Nadella’s leadership, core Microsoft
(83.9% of the worldwide Microsoft workforce, excluding minimally integrated companies, joint ventures, or newly acquired companies) saw the strongest progress in the last five years in building a more diverse workforce. These advances were made
across several demographic groups, with overall representation of women surpassing 30%, at 30.7% globally (+1.0ppts). Other progress includes year-over-year U.S. employee representation growth for: Asian 35.8% (+0.3ppts); Hispanic and Latinx 7.6%
(+0.6ppts); Black and African American 6.6% (+0.9ppts); and Multiracial 2.6% (+0.1ppts). Mr. Nadella has continued to lead the Company to fulfilling its racial equity initiative (REI) commitments by 2025, which includes doubling the number of
Black and African American and Hispanic and Latinx people managers, senior individual contributors and senior leaders. We are 116.0% of the way to our 2025 commitment to double the number of Black and African American people managers below Director
level and 92.0% of the way for Directors, Partners and Executives. For Hispanic and Latinx, we are 46.5% of the way to our 2025 commitment for people managers below Director level and 57.6% of the way for Directors, Partners, and Executives. •  Mr. Nadella continues to lead efforts to ensure that Microsoft’s culture evolves while staying true
to our values. He is driving excellence in the near-term and ensuring that the Company develops the talent needed to lead Microsoft into the future. Other Named Executives The key results influencing our Compensation Committee’s decisions on the operational performance category portion of the cash incentive for the other Named
Executives are summarized below. Amy Hood, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer • Delivered strong financial performance and management with double digit revenue growth of 18% and operating income growth of
19%, and returned total cash to shareholders of $46.6 billion through share repurchases and dividends. • Strengthened investor relations and successfully communicated the next key business opportunities to drive future growth • Continued strong leadership focus on strategic capital allocation, prioritization, and executional excellence • Drove synergies between our own products and services and creating a portfolio of industry clouds to multiply opportunities
for customers to realize value. • Led sustainability efforts through investments in the company’s $1 billion Climate Innovation Fund, developing a
company-wide carbon reduction accountability model, and creation of the renewable energy portfolio • Consistent focus on diversity and inclusion and ongoing leadership to achieve our Racial Equity Initiative commitment 48 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Judson B. Althoff, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer • Took on increased role in FY22 to lead the Microsoft Customer & Partner Solutions (“MCAPS”) group in
delivering strong financial performance contributing to Microsoft’s 18% growth in revenue. • Exemplified customer obsession through hundreds of customer and partner engagements. Drove further organizational alignment
to industry solution-oriented capabilities to provide customized digital transformation consultation. • Continued focus on embedding diversity and inclusion conversations and learning opportunities in the field culture. Made
strides in strengthening diversity across the leadership bench. • Launched Microsoft Cloud for Sustainability within our product portfolio to enable customers to transform their business
through environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) reporting and analytics capabilities, and drove solid progress towards reducing MCAPS’ carbon scope 3 emissions, on track against goals. • Strengthened our leadership bench by recruiting and promoting individuals with deep industry and sales leadership expertise
from diverse backgrounds. Bradford L. Smith, Vice Chair and President • Launched a new initiative to combat disinformation and foreign cyber influence operations, and led the response to the war
in Ukraine to defend against cybersecurity attacks. • Supported important customer privacy protections in the new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework and committed to enhancing
how we handle legal requests for customer data and providing further support for individuals concerned about their rights. • Advanced skills for jobs initiatives and launched a national campaign with U.S. community colleges to help skill and recruit
into the cybersecurity workforce 250,000 people by 2025, representing half of the country’s workforce shortage. Overall skilling efforts have reached over 30 million people in 249 countries and territories, and specifically for fiscal year
2022, 5.8 million people were trained for jobs and livelihood opportunities in the digital economy. • Continued efforts to protect fundamental rights including the Racial Equity Initiative and the company’s support for
access to the internet. Advanced broadband coverage and exceeded our goal of reaching 3 million unserved rural Americans and 40 million unserved people around the world. • Released the Responsible AI Standard, a set of company-wide rules that help to ensure we are developing and deploying AI
technology consistent with our AI principles of fairness, reliability & safety, privacy & security, inclusiveness, transparency, and accountability. • Joined the Carbon Call to lead the efforts to develop reliable and interoperable carbon accounting methodology standards,
while making strong progress towards environmental sustainability goals, including reducing scope 1 and 2 emissions by 17 percent while Microsoft’s revenue grew ~18%. Christopher D. Young, Executive Vice President, Business Development, Strategy, and Ventures • Spearheaded efforts to identify new categories of future growth for Microsoft in partnership with Senior Leadership Team
peers, as well as through investments via the M12 Venture Fund. • Partnered with other technology providers to remove friction and accelerate customers’ digital transformations and
helped lead strategic acquisitions to broaden our reach, such as the Xandr acquisition, and the partnership with Netflix as their global advertising technology and sales partner. • Demonstrated leadership in numerous customer and partner engagements, strengthening existing relationships and growing
business opportunities with emerging technology company leadership. • Drove solid progress towards reducing Business Development, Strategy and Ventures’ carbon scope 3 emissions, on track
against goals. • Championed diversity and inclusion, increased representation within the organization and served as active ally to employee
resource groups. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 49 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Fiscal Year 2022 Stock Awards The fiscal year 2022 PSAs and SAs granted to our Named Executives under the Incentive Plan are listed below. Named Executive PSAs (Target Number of Shares)¹ SAs (Number of Shares)² Aggregate Target Award Value³ ($) Satya
Nadella 165,629 0 50,000,000 Amy E.
Hood 28,986 28,986 17,500,000 Judson B.
Althoff 20,870 20,870 12,600,000 Bradford L.
Smith 25,673 25,673 15,500,000 Christopher D.
Young 12,423 12,423 7,500,000 (1) The PSAs vest in full following the end of the three-year performance period, with the number of shares earned determined
based on performance against goals set for each year in the period and relative TSR results for the period. (2) The SAs vest 25% on August 31, 2023 and 12.5% each six months thereafter until fully vested. Vesting is subject to
continued employment except as described on pages 52-53 below. (3) Awarded value (in dollars) was converted to shares using the closing share price on August 31, 2021, rounded up to a
whole number. The amounts listed in the table above for fiscal year 2022 PSAs will not match the amounts in the “Stock Awards” column in
the Summary Compensation Table or the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. Because the grant date of a PSA occurs when the performance targets are set, and targets under our PSA awards are established annually, SAs listed in the Summary Compensation
Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards table include portions of current and prior year PSA awards, as described in more detail in Note (2) to the Summary Compensation Table on page 55. Fiscal Year 2020 PSAs (Completed Performance Period) Our Compensation
Committee (and for Mr. Nadella, the independent members of our Board) granted PSAs in fiscal year 2020 that pay out based on specific pre-established, performance goals and strategic performance objectives tied to creating long-term shareholder
value as well as our TSR performance relative to the S&P 500. Performance was measured over the three-fiscal year performance period ending June 30, 2022. 50 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The actual performance under the fiscal year 2020 PSAs reflected the strong business achievement on core metrics and
Microsoft’s relative TSR during this period. Performance on the core metrics under these PSAs is shown in the following table: Fiscal Year 2020 PSA Core Metric Payout Percentages Metric (FY20-FY22) Weight FY20 Payout Weight FY21 Payout Weight FY22 Payout Microsoft Cloud Revenue 1 35% 98.15% H1 - 16.5% 121.69% 30% 126.39% H2 - 16.5% 157.07% Microsoft Cloud Subscribers Growth 2,3 34% 107.35% 32% 196.54% 20% 68.91% Teams Monthly Active Usage Growth 3 10% 200.00% 20% 81.36% 20% 50.92% Xbox Game Pass Subscribers
Growth 3 7% 147.95% 5% 82.28% 10% 56.80% Surface
Revenue 7% 90.10% H1 - 2.5% 200% N/A N/A H2 - 2.5% 0% Windows OEM Revenue Growth 3 N/A N/A N/A N/A 10% 191.15% LinkedIn Sessions 7% 129.64% 5% 195.97% 10% 90.66% Weighted Performance
for FY 116.59% 144.07% 95.75% Core Metric Performance
(average of FY20, FY21, and FY22 performance) 118.80% (1)   Known as Commercial Cloud Revenue before FY22. (2)   Known as Commercial Cloud Subscribers before FY22. (3)   Metrics were established as unit of measure or dollar value before FY22. For competitive reasons, results
for those years are expressed in terms of year-over-year growth. Beginning in FY22 metrics were defined as a growth percentage. Fiscal Year 2020 PSA Core Metric Performance Results 1 Metric (FY20-FY22) Weight FY20 Target/ Actual Achievement Weight FY21 Target/ Actual Achievement Weight FY22 Target/ Actual Achievement Microsoft Cloud Revenue 2 35% $51.90B / $51.80B H1 - 16.5% $30.78B / $31.19B 30% $91.49B / $93.48B H2 - 16.5% $34.58B / $35.75B Microsoft Cloud Subscribers Growth 3 34% 23.02% /
23.65% 4 32% 17.73% / 25.76% 4 20% 26.44% / 20.95% Teams Monthly Active Usage
Growth 10% 246.94% /
513.59% 4 20% 64.22% /
54.53% 4 20% 24.52% / 3.82% Xbox Game Pass Subscribers
Growth 7% 71.00% /
85.75% 4 5% 47.79% /
37.48% 4 10% 72.88% / 28.07% Surface Revenue 7% $6.40B / $6.21B H1 - 2.5% $2.87B / $3.51B N/A N/A H2 - 2.5% $3.18B / $2.75B Windows OEM Revenue
Growth N/A N/A N/A N/A 10% 4.20% / 11.10% LinkedIn Sessions 7% 39.89B / 40.72B 5% 49.59B / 52.92B 10% 64.98B / 64.13B (1)   Dollar values are calculated using constant dollars, which removes the impact of currency fluctuations
from period-over-period comparisons. (2)   Known as Commercial Cloud Revenue before FY22. (3)   Known as Commercial Cloud Subscribers before FY22. (4)   Metrics were established as unit of measure or dollar value before FY22. For competitive reasons, targets
and results for those years are expressed in terms of year-over-year growth. Beginning in FY22 metrics were defined as a growth percentage. Microsoft Cloud Revenue, Surface Revenue and Windows OEM Revenue Growth, when used as PSA metrics in this Compensation Discussion and
Analysis, are non-GAAP financial measures, calculated by adjusting GAAP results for these metrics (as defined in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022) for the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations.
We exclude the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on a “constant dollar” basis by converting current period non-GAAP results for entities reporting in currencies other than U.S. dollars into U.S. dollars using constant exchange
rates, which are determined at the outset of the fiscal year, rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. These metric results differ from certain non-GAAP financial results we report in our quarterly earnings
release materials; they should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 51 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Metric (FY22) ($ in billions) FY21 Actual 1 FY22 Target FY22 Actual FY22 Growth Rate FY22 Microsoft Cloud Revenue $70.17 $91.49 $93.48 33.2% (1) FY21 actual results are presented in FY22 constant dollar exchange rates, which removes the impact of currency
fluctuations from period-over-period comparisons. Relative TSR Modifier The core metric results for the fiscal year 2020 PSAs were then subject to adjustment based on the relative TSR performance modifier, which compares our TSR for the
three-fiscal year performance period to the TSR of the S&P 500. Our absolute TSR for the performance period satisfied the PSA payout requirement that TSR be positive. Our TSR relative to the S&P 500 was at the 94 th percentile of the S&P 500, well in excess of the 80th percentile performance that was a condition to receiving the maximum 150% multiplier. Based on this result, the total payment percentage for
the fiscal 2020 PSAs was increased by 50%, resulting in the payout to our Named Executives of 178.20% of the target fiscal 2020 PSA shares. Fiscal Year 2021 and
2022 PSAs (Open Performance Periods) Performance under the fiscal year 2021 and 2022 PSAs will be determined following the end of the three-year performance
periods ending June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The number of shares of common stock to be earned will be based on an assessment of (1) performance against the metric goals during the applicable performance period, and
(2) Microsoft’s relative TSR during the period. Microsoft’s relative TSR will not increase the shares earned for a performance period unless Microsoft’s absolute TSR for the performance period is positive. The metrics and
relative weights under the fiscal year 2021 and 2022 PSAs are set forth on page 51 above in the table labeled Fiscal Year 2020 PSA Core Metric Performance Results. Section 6 – Other Compensation Policies and Information No Significant Executive Benefits and Perquisites Our Named Executives are
eligible for the same benefits available to our other full-time employees. In the U.S., our benefits include our section 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan, health care plan, life insurance plans, and other welfare benefit programs. In
addition to the standard benefits offered to all U.S. employees, we maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for our U.S. executive officers and senior managers. This deferred compensation plan is unfunded, and participation is voluntary.
The deferred compensation plan allows our Named Executives to defer their base salary, the cash portion of their Incentive Plan awards, and certain on-hire bonuses. We do not contribute to the deferred compensation plan. Named Executives are
eligible for matching gifts for charitable donations above the maximum for our other U.S.-based full-time employees. During fiscal year 2022, we provided no
executive-only perquisites or other personal benefits to our Named Executives other than matching gifts made to charitable organizations. Post-Employment
Compensation Our Named Executives do not have employment contracts. No Named Executive is entitled to any payments or benefits following a change in control of
Microsoft. Our Named Executives may be eligible for additional vesting of their outstanding SAs following termination of employment on the same terms as our other
employees. All U.S. employees who retire from Microsoft after (a) age 65 or (b) age 55 with 15 years of service are eligible for the continuation of vesting of outstanding SAs granted at hire or at the time of annual performance review if
the award was granted over one year before the date of retirement. A pro-rata portion of PSA shares will also continue vesting if the retirement occurs more than one year after the beginning of the performance period. As of June 30, 2022, only
Mr. Smith was retirement eligible. All employees whose employment with Microsoft terminates due to death or total and permanent disability generally fully vest in their outstanding SAs. Our PSAs vest for the target number of shares upon death
or total and permanent disability. The value of our Named Executives’ SAs and PSAs that would have vested assuming a June 30, 2022 termination of employment due to death or total and permanent disability, or due to retirement on that date,
are set forth in the table at page 59. In addition, our Named Executives are eligible to participate in the Microsoft Senior Executive Severance Benefit Plan
(“Severance Plan”). The Severance Plan was adopted to help ensure continuity of key leaders by providing designated executives severance payments and benefits if their employment is terminated without cause. For purposes of the Severance
Plan, “cause” means (i) a conviction or plea of guilty or no contest to a felony or certain misdemeanors; (ii) engaging in gross misconduct; (iii) repeated failure to substantially perform the duties of the Named
Executive’s role; (iv) violation of any securities laws; or (v) violation of Microsoft’s policies designed to prevent violations of law. 52 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The Severance Plan payments and benefits have four components – cash, stock vesting, continued health care, and
outplacement assistance – all provided by Microsoft. Cash payments consist of (i) a severance payment equal to 12 months’ base salary plus target annual cash incentive award, payable in a lump sum within 60 days after termination of
employment; and (ii) a pro-rata payment of the Named Executive’s target annual cash incentive award for the partial year of work, payable in a lump sum at the same time other Incentive Plan cash awards for the year are paid. Stock vesting
applies to SAs and PSAs. SAs that otherwise would vest in the 12-month period after employment terminates continue to vest. After the first year of the PSA performance period is completed, a pro-rata portion of any PSA shares will also vest, and the
number of shares subject to pro-ration is the lesser of the target award shares or the shares that are otherwise earned and payable after the end of the performance period. Continued contributions to premiums for COBRA health care continuation
coverage and outplacement assistance will be provided on the same terms as are available to other employees whose employment is terminated without cause. There is no change-in-control provision in the Severance Plan. To receive the Severance Plan
payments and benefits, the Named Executive must execute a separation agreement that includes a release of claims in favor of Microsoft, confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions, and 12-month non-compete/non-solicitation restrictions. Our
Named Executives’ Severance Plan benefits assuming a termination of employment without cause on June 30, 2022, are set forth in the table at page 59. Mr. Nadella participates in the Severance Plan on the same terms as our other executive officers. Strong Clawback Policy Accountability is a fundamental value of Microsoft. To
reinforce this value through our executive compensation program, our executive officers and certain other senior executives are subject to a strong ‘no fault’ executive compensation recovery (“clawback”) policy. Under this
policy, our Compensation Committee may seek to recover payments of incentive compensation if the performance results leading to a payment are later subject to a downward adjustment or restatement of financial or nonfinancial performance. Our
Compensation Committee may use its judgment in determining the amount to be recovered where the incentive compensation was awarded subjectively. Our Compensation Committee may also seek recovery of up to the entire amount of any incentive
compensation awarded during a period where a covered executive committed a significant legal or compliance violation. Our executive compensation recovery policy is available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . Robust Stock Ownership Policy Our executive officers and certain other senior
executives are required to maintain a minimum equity stake in Microsoft. This policy embodies our Compensation Committee’s belief that our most senior executives should maintain a significant personal financial stake in Microsoft to promote a
long-term perspective in managing our business. In addition, the policy helps align executive and shareholder interests, which reduces incentive for excessive short-term risk taking. Each covered executive is required to acquire and maintain
ownership of shares of Microsoft common stock equal to a specified multiple of his or her base salary, which for our Named Executives ranges from 8 to 15 times base salary, as shown in the table below. Each covered executive must retain 50% of all
net shares (post-tax) that vest until achieving his or her minimum share ownership requirement. Named Executive Share Ownership Requirement as of June 30,
2022 Satya
Nadella 15x base salary Amy E.
Hood 8x base salary Judson B.
Althoff 8x base salary Bradford L.
Smith 8x base salary Christopher D.
Young 8x base salary In fiscal year 2022, each of our Named Executives complied with our stock ownership policy. Our stock ownership policy is available on our
website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . Hedging and Pledging Policy Our Named Executives are subject to our Derivatives Trading, Hedging, and Pledging policy described on page 14. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 53 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Deductibility of Executive Compensation Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (“Section 162(m)”) imposes an annual deduction limit of $1 million on the amount of compensation paid
to each of the CEO, the CFO, and certain other current or former named executive officers (together, “covered employees”). Compensation to our Named Executives over this limit is nondeductible. Annual Compensation Risk Assessment We performed an annual assessment for our Compensation and Audit Committees of our Board of Directors to determine whether the
risks arising from our fiscal year 2022 compensation policies and practices were reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Microsoft. Our assessment reviewed the material elements of executive and non-executive employee compensation. We
concluded these policies and practices do not create risk that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Microsoft. The structure of our compensation program for our executive officers does not incentivize unnecessary or excessive risk-taking.
The base salary component of compensation does not encourage risk-taking because it is a fixed amount. The Incentive Plan awards have these risk-limiting characteristics: •  Cash incentive awards under the Incentive Plan are limited to 200% of a target cash
incentive award •  Cash incentive awards are structured 50% (70% for CEO) based on pre-established goals
(balance of growth and profitability goals) and 50% (30% for CEO) based on operational performance as assessed across three performance categories, diversifying the risk associated with any single aspect of performance •  The majority of
Incentive Plan award value is delivered in awards for shares of Microsoft common stock with multi-year vesting schedules or performance periods, which aligns the interests of our executive officers to long-term shareholder interests •  We maintain robust
executive stock ownership requirements ranging from 5x to 15x annual salary, which reduces incentive for excessive short-term risk taking •  PSA metrics further diversify the elements of the program to minimize the incentive to
produce any particular outcome • PSAs use Company-wide measures that are not specific to any one executive officer’s sphere
of responsibility and that apply equally to all participants to encourage a unified and responsible approach to achieving financial and strategic goals • Overlapping performance periods for PSAs limit the impact of short-term business performance or
share price fluctuations on final outcomes • Equity awards are not made in the form of stock options, which may provide an asymmetrical
incentive to take unnecessary or excessive risks to increase the market price of Microsoft common stock • Members of our Compensation Committee (or for Mr. Nadella, the independent members of our
Board of Directors) approve all Incentive Plan awards to executive officers, including performance achievement levels that determine final payout outcomes • Awards are subject to the Company’s Executive Compensation Recovery policy Awards are subject to our Executive Compensation Recovery Policy, described in this Section 6 – Other Compensation Policies and
Information – Strong Clawback Policy. Executive officers are subject to our executive stock ownership requirements, described in this Section 6 –
Other Compensation Policies and Information – Robust Stock Ownership Policy. Compensation
Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis provided above. Based on
its review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. Compensation Committee Sandra E. Peterson (Chair) Charles W. Scharf Emma N. Walmsley Padmasree Warrior 54 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Tables Summary Compensation Table This table contains
information about compensation awarded to our Named Executives for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020. None of our Named Executives received stock options, or reimbursements for relocation expenses or tax-gross-up payments,
during those years. Named Executive and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus 1 ($) Stock Awards 2 ($) Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 3 ($) All Other Compensation 4 ($) Total ($) Satya Nadella Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer 2022 2,500,000 0 42,269,560 10,066,500 110,250 54,946,310 2021 2,500,000 0 33,036,030 14,212,500 109,750 49,858,280 2020 2,500,000 0 30,718,608 10,992,000 111,180 44,321,788 Amy E. Hood Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer 2022 1,000,000 0 21,681,666 3,575,500 62,415 26,319,581 2021 995,833 0 17,864,404 4,543,490 62,414 23,466,141 2020 975,000 0 14,792,679 3,734,981 123,574 19,626,234 Judson B. Althoff Executive Vice
President and Chief Commercial Officer 2022 960,000 0 14,420,730 3,412,560 55,708 18,848,998 Bradford L. Smith Vice Chair and President 2022 993,333 0 18,753,465 3,551,664 110,277 23,408,739 2021 943,333 0 15,098,855 4,303,958 109,750 20,455,896 2020 860,000 0 12,402,137 3,294,445 111,131 16,667,713 Christopher D.
Young 5 2022 850,000 1,500,000 7,131,582 2,133,840 105,036 11,720,458 Executive Vice President, Business Development, Strategy, and
Ventures 2021 541,875 3,500,000 22,594,634 1,788,188 70,386 28,495,083 (1) Includes installments of on-hire bonus payable to Mr. Young in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. (2) Includes the grant date fair values for SAs and PSAs calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 718 based on the market price of the shares subject to the award on the date of grant. The value of SAs is reduced by the present value of estimated future dividends
because dividends are not paid on SA shares until vesting. The value of PSAs is calculated using a Monte-Carlo simulation valuation performed as of the date of grant by an independent third party. Because the grant date for a PSA occurs when
performance targets are approved, and we approved performance targets in each of fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, PSA values in this column include: (i) for fiscal year 2022 - 33.33% of each of the fiscal year 2022 PSAs, the fiscal year 2021 PSAs,
and the fiscal year 2020 PSAs; (ii) for fiscal year 2021 - 33.33% of each of the fiscal year 2021 PSAs, the fiscal year 2020 PSAs, and the fiscal year 2019 PSAs; and (iii) for fiscal year 2020 - 33.33% of each of the fiscal year 2020 PSAs, the
fiscal year 2019 PSAs, and the fiscal year 2018 PSAs. The grant date fair values of included PSAs, assuming at the grant date that the highest level of performance conditions will be achieved for each PSA, are: (i) for fiscal year 2022, Mr. Nadella,
$84,539,120; Ms. Hood, $26,445,265; Mr. Althoff, $16,660,404; Mr. Smith, $22,522,540; and Mr. Young, $3,506,158. (ii) for fiscal year 2021, Mr. Nadella, $52,529,846; Ms. Hood, $22,824,789; Mr. Smith, $18,984,417; and Mr. Young, $2,775,988; (iii) for
fiscal year 2020, Mr. Nadella, $37,150,358; Ms. Hood, $18,704,870; and Mr. Smith, $15,866,522. (3) Includes Incentive Plan cash incentives. (4) Details about the amounts in the “All Other Compensation” column for fiscal year 2022 are set forth in the table
below. All other compensation details Named Executive Retirement Plan Contributions A ($) Broad-Based Plan Benefits B ($) Charitable Gifts C ($) Other ($) Total ($) Satya
Nadella 10,250 0 100,000 0 110,250 Amy E.
Hood 10,250 2,165 50,000 0 62,415 Judson B.
Althoff 10,300 1,984 43,424 0 55,708 Bradford L.
Smith 10,250 0 100,027 0 110,277 Christopher D.
Young 11,875 0 93,161 0 105,036 (A) Includes 401(k) plan matching contributions. (B) Includes payments in lieu of athletic club membership and credits for waived life insurance coverage under programs that
are available to substantially all our U.S.-based employees. (C) Includes matching charitable contributions under our corporate giving program. (5) Mr. Young’s stock awards for fiscal year 2021 include an on-hire stock award with a value of $17,536,215 made in
connection with the commencement of his employment. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 55 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Grants of Plan-Based Awards This table provides information on grants of awards under any plan to the Named Executives in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Award 1 Grant Date Estimated Possible Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 2 Estimated Future Payouts under Equity Incentive Plan 
Awards 3 All Other Stock Awards (#) Grant Date Fair Value of
Stock Awards 4 ($) Named Executive Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Satya Nadella 2022 Cash Incentive 0 7,500,000 15,000,000 2022 PSA 9/14/2021 2,071 55,210 165,630 19,682,798 2021 PSA 9/2/2021 970 25,865 77,595 9,156,727 2020 PSA 9/2/2021 1,134 30,224 90,672 13,430,034 Amy E. Hood 2022 Cash Incentive 0 2,500,000 5,000,000 2022 PSA 9/13/2021 363 9,662 28,986 3,412,425 2021 PSA 9/2/2021 402 10,716 32,148 3,793,560 2020 PSA 9/2/2021 508 13,540 40,620 6,016,647 2022 SA 9/13/2021 28,986 8,459,034 Judson B. Althoff 2022 Cash Incentive 0 2,400,000 4,800,000 2022 PSA 9/13/2021 261 6,957 20,871 2,456,956 2021 PSA 9/2/2021 250 6,651 19,953 2,354,587 2020 PSA 9/2/2021 297 7,918 23,754 3,518,660 2022 SA 9/13/2021 20,870 6,090,528 Bradford L. Smith 2022 Cash Incentive 0 2,483,334 4,966,667 2022 PSA 9/13/2021 321 8,558 25,674 3,022,397 2021 PSA 9/2/2021 350 9,312 27,936 3,296,516 2020 PSA 9/2/2021 418 11,123 33,369 4,942,357 2022 SA 9/13/2021 25,673 7,492,195 Christopher D. Young 2022 Cash Incentive 0 1,700,000 3,400,000 2022 PSA 9/13/2021 156 4,141 12,423 1,462,518 2021 PSA 9/2/2021 217 5,773 17,319 2,043,639 2022 SA 9/13/2021 12,423 3,625,424 (1) All awards are granted under the Executive Incentive Plan. SAs and PSAs were granted under the 2017 Stock Plan. (2) This column represents fiscal year 2022 cash incentives as reported in the “Non-equity Incentive Plan
Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table. (3) These columns represent the threshold, target, and maximum shares for the PSAs with a grant date in fiscal year 2022.
Because the grant date for a PSA occurs when PSA performance targets are approved, the reported number of shares is calculated as the target shares for the portion of the PSAs for which performance targets were set in fiscal year 2022 (33.33% of
each of the 2022, 2021, and 2020 PSAs). The threshold is calculated as if the threshold of only the least weighted metric (10% weight for fiscal year 2022) is met, and this amount is then reduced by 25% based on assumption that the maximum
adjustment for Microsoft’s total shareholder return underperforming the S&P500 is applied. The maximum is calculated assuming all maximum targets were met and the relative TSR multiplier was fully earned. (4) Includes the grant date fair values for SAs and PSAs calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 based on the market
price of the shares subject to the award on the date of grant. The value of SAs is reduced by the present value of estimated future dividends because dividends are not paid on SA shares until vesting. Values for PSAs in this column are calculated
using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation performed as of the date of grant by an independent third party. Because the grant date for a PSA occurs when PSA performance targets are approved, the grant date fair value is calculated for the portion of
the PSA for which performance targets were set in fiscal year 2022 (33.33% of each of the 2022, 2021, and 2020 PSAs). 56 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2022 This table provides information about unvested SAs and PSAs held by the Named Executives on June 30, 2022. Stock Awards Named Executive Award Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock
That Have Not Vested 1 (#) Market Value of Shares
or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 2 ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 3 (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units, or Other Rights That Have
Not Vested 2 ($) Satya Nadella 9/18/2018 13,910 3,572,505 9/18/2019 34,002 8,732,734 9/18/2019 90,672 23,287,290 9/15/2020 20,785 5,338,212 9/15/2020 51,730 13,285,816 9/14/2021 55,210 14,179,584 Amy E. Hood 9/17/2018 6,232 1,600,565 9/3/2019 40,621 10,432,691 9/18/2019 15,233 3,912,291 9/14/2020 20,092 5,160,228 9/14/2020 21,432 5,504,381 9/13/2021 28,986 7,444,474 9/13/2021 9,662 2,481,491 Judson B. Althoff 9/17/2018 2,727 700,375 9/3/2019 8,909 2,288,098 9/3/2019 23,756 6,101,253 9/14/2020 12,471 3,202,927 9/14/2020 13,302 3,416,353 9/13/2021 20,870 5,360,042 9/13/2021 6,957 1,786,766 Bradford L. Smith 9/17/2018 5,119 1,314,713 9/3/2019 33,368 8,569,903 9/18/2019 12,513 3,213,714 9/14/2020 17,460 4,484,252 9/14/2020 18,624 4,783,202 9/13/2021 25,673 6,593,597 9/13/2021 8,558 2,197,951 Christopher D. Young 11/11/2020 62,342 4 16,011,296 11/11/2020 10,824 2,779,928 11/11/2020 11,546 2,965,359 9/13/2021 12,423 3,190,599 9/13/2021 4,141 1,063,533 (1) Vests 25% one year from the last business day of August preceding the award date and 12.5% semi-annually thereafter. (2) The market value is the number of shares shown in the table multiplied by $256.83, the closing market price of Microsoft
common stock on June 30, 2022. (3) PSAs with a grant date in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020 are reported assuming payout at target award levels. Award
shares that are earned vest in full following the three-year performance period. (4) Vests 25% on each November 11 following the award date. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 57 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Option Exercises and Stock Vested This table provides information on an aggregate basis about stock awards that vested during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for each of the Named Executives. Microsoft has not granted stock options, other than options substituted in acquisitions, since 2003. No Named Executives held any Microsoft stock options during the
fiscal year. Stock Awards Named Executive Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting 1 ($) Satya
Nadella 283,747 85,914,251 Amy E.
Hood 135,746 41,095,210 Judson B.
Althoff 92,744 28,095,745 Bradford L.
Smith 112,546 34,071,427 Christopher D.
Young 27,274 8,831,941 (1) The value realized on vesting is calculated by multiplying the number of shares shown in the table by the market value of
the shares on the vesting date. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation This table provides information about the Named Executives’ earnings and balances under our U.S. nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan in fiscal year 2022.
Microsoft does not contribute to the Deferred Compensation Plan. Named Executive Executive Contributions in Fiscal Year 2022 1 ($) Aggregate Earnings in Fiscal Year 2022 2 ($) Aggregate Balance at June 30, 2022 ($) Satya
Nadella 0 0 0 Amy E.
Hood 0 0 0 Judson B.
Althoff 0 0 0 Bradford L.
Smith 0 0 0 Christopher D.
Young 750,000 (326,149) 2,434,098 (1) These amounts are included in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2022. (2) These amounts have not been reflected in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2022 or prior years. Microsoft’s Deferred Compensation Plan is unfunded and unsecured. It allows participants to defer a specified percentage of their base salary
(up to 75%) and/or eligible cash incentives (up to 100%). Participation in the Deferred Compensation Plan is limited to U.S. senior managers, including our U.S. Named Executives. Microsoft does not contribute to the Deferred Compensation Plan or
guarantee any returns on participant contributions. When an employee elects to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan, the employee must specify the
percentage of base salary and/or cash incentive award to be deferred and the timing of distributions. No withdrawals are permitted prior to the previously elected distribution date, other than withdrawals for certain severe financial hardships as
permitted by applicable law. Amounts deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan are credited with hypothetical investment earnings based on participant investment elections made from among deemed investment options available under the plan. 58 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Payments at Termination of Employment This table shows the amounts that would have been payable to our Named Executives upon a termination of employment without cause or due to retirement on June 30,
2022, or at a termination due to death or disability on June 30, 2022. Named Executive Without Cause/Retirement ($) Death or Disability ($) Satya
Nadella 79,833,484 103,397,960 Amy E.
Hood 33,533,789 44,251,039 Judson B.
Althoff 22,632,262 28,137,267 Bradford L.
Smith 33,087,419 1 37,944,321 Christopher D.
Young 15,975,389 29,620,204 (1) Includes $10,721,635 in Severance Plan benefits and $22,365,784 in retirement-based stock vesting under
Mr. Smith’s SAs and PSAs. CEO Pay Ratio For
fiscal year 2022, the annual total compensation for the median employee of the Company (other than our CEO) was $190,302 and the annual total compensation of our CEO was $54,946,310. Based on this information, for fiscal year 2022 the ratio of the
annual total compensation of our CEO to the annual total compensation of the median employee was 289 to 1. This ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. We identified our median employee from among our employees as of June 30, 2022, the last day of our fiscal year, excluding approximately 11,024
employees who became Microsoft employees in fiscal year 2022 in the following business acquisitions: Ally Technologies Inc; Clear Software, Inc.; Clipchamp; CloudKnox Security Inc.; Jumprope, Inc.; Minit; Nuance Communications, Inc; Oribi Systems
Ltd.; Paddle Inc; Peer5, Inc.; RiskIQ, Inc.; Skills Seminar, Inc; Suplari, Inc.; TakeLessons, Inc.; Two Hat; and Xandr Inc. To identify our median employee, we used a “total direct compensation” measure consisting of: (i) fiscal year
2022 annual base pay (salary or gross wages for hourly employees, excluding paid leave), which we annualized for any permanent employees who commenced work during the year, (ii) target bonuses and cash incentives payable for fiscal year 2022
(excluding allowances, relocation payments, and profit-sharing), and (iii) the dollar value of SAs granted in fiscal year 2022. Compensation amounts were determined from our human resources and payroll systems of record. Payments not made in
U.S. dollars were converted to U.S. dollars using 12-month average exchange rates for the year. To identify our median employee, we then calculated the total direct compensation for our global employee population and excluded employees at the median
who had anomalous compensation characteristics. Equity Compensation Plan Information This table provides information about shares of Microsoft common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans approved by shareholders and plans not
approved by shareholders (if any) as of June 30, 2022. Under the 2017 and 2001 Stock Plans, no option or stock appreciation rights may be repriced, replaced, regranted through cancellation, repurchased for cash or other consideration, or
modified without shareholder approval (except in connection with a change in our capitalization) if the effect would be to reduce the exercise price for the shares underlying the award. Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options,
Warrants and Rights 1 (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 2 ($)(b) Number of Securities Remaining
Available for Future Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding
Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 3 (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 94,072,488 40.97 292,418,370 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 N/A 0 Total 94,072,488 40.97 292,418,370 (1) Represents shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding SAs granted under the 2017 and 2001 Stock Plans and PSAs for which
there is a grant date under FASB ASC Topic 718; includes shares under PSAs and options granted in connection with acquisitions. (2) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding stock
awards, which have no exercise price. (3) Includes 81,160,470 shares remaining available for issuance as of June 30, 2022 under the Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 59 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Stock Ownership Information As of October 12, 2022, this table describes the number of shares of our
common stock beneficially owned by each director, director nominee, Named Executive, and all directors and executive officers as a group, together with additional underlying shares or stock units as described in Notes 2 through 4 to the table. In computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by each person under the Common Stock column below, we have included any shares of our common stock
that could be acquired within 60 days of October 12, 2022, by exercising options, vesting SAs, or receiving shares credited under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. These shares, however, are not counted in computing the
percentage ownership of any other person. Beneficial Ownership Name Common Stock 1,2 Percent of Common Stock Additional Underlying Shares or Stock Units 3,4 Total Reid G.
Hoffman 15,905 5 * 12,884 28,789 Hugh F.
Johnston 6,623 6 * 0 6,623 Teri L.
List 24,469 * 0 24,469 Sandra E.
Peterson 26,640 * 0 26,640 Penny S.
Pritzker 22,080 7 * 0 22,080 Carlos A.
Rodriguez 1,004 * 0 1,004 Charles W.
Scharf 43,191 8 * 0 43,191 John W.
Stanton 83,922 9 * 0 83,922 John W.
Thompson 36,591 10 * 59,407 95,998 Emma N.
Walmsley 9,124 * 0 9,124 Padmasree
Warrior 16,843 * 0 16,843 Satya
Nadella 763,518 * 39,296 802,814 Amy E.
Hood 361,467 * 81,435 442,902 Judson B.
Althoff 114,626 * 59,565 174,191 Bradford L.
Smith 535,691 * 29,641 565,332 Christopher D.
Young 38,910 11 * 73,880 112,790 Directors and Executive
Officers as a Group (18 people) 2,384,125 12 * N/A N/A * Less than 1% (1) Beneficial ownership represents sole voting and investment power. (2) For directors, includes shares credited under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors that may be
distributable within 60 days of October 12, 2022: Ms. List, 22,377; Ms. Peterson, 21,240; Ms. Pritzker, 10,080; Mr. Rodriguez, 1,004; Mr. Thompson, 8,246; and Ms. Warrior, 4,022. (3) For directors, includes shares credited under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors that are not
payable within 60 days following termination of Board service: Mr. Hoffman, 12,884; Mr. Thompson, 59,407. (4) For Named Executives, includes (i) unvested SAs that do not vest within 60 days of October 12, 2022, subject to
continued employment at the time of each vest: Mr. Nadella, 39,296; Ms. Hood, 81,435; Mr. Althoff, 59,565; Mr. Smith, 29,641; and Mr. Young, 73,880. Excludes unvested PSA shares that would vest if an Executive Officer retires
from Microsoft. (5) Includes 15,905 shares held by a family trust. (6) Excludes 68 shares held by a family trust as to which Mr. Johnston disclaims beneficial ownership. (7) Includes 12,000 shares held by a family trust. (8) Includes 525 shares held by a family trust. (9) Includes 7,243 shares held by a family trust. (10) Includes 27,279 shares held by a family trust. (11) Includes 1,500 shares held by a living trust. (12) Includes 66,969 shares credited under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors that may be distributable
within 60 days of October 12, 2022. 60 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Principal Shareholders This table lists all entities that are the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
Microsoft common stock. Name Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership as of 10/12/2022 Percent of Class to be Voted During the Meeting The Vanguard Group, Inc. 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355 615,950,062¹ 8.20% BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52 nd Street, New York, NY 10055 519,712,655² 6.90% (1) All information about The Vanguard Group, Inc. is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022.
The Vanguard Group, Inc. reported that it has no sole voting power with respect to shares of common stock, sole dispositive power with respect to 584,984,280 shares of common stock, shared voting power of 12,601,682 shares of common stock, and
shared dispositive power of 30,965,782 shares of common stock. (2) All information about BlackRock, Inc. is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. BlackRock,
Inc. reported that it has sole voting power with respect to 445,269,281 shares of common stock, sole dispositive power with respect to 519,712,655 shares of common stock, and no shared voting or shared dispositive power. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 61 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 3. Audit Committee Matters Audit Committee Report Charter and
Responsibilities The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. It is available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . The charter, which was last amended effective July 1, 2022, includes a calendar that outlines the Committee’s duties and responsibilities. The Committee reviews the charter and calendar annually and
works with the Board of Directors to amend them as appropriate to reflect the evolving role of the Committee. The Board has the ultimate authority for effective
corporate governance, including oversight of the management of Microsoft. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities by overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of Microsoft, the audits of
Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, the qualifications and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged as Microsoft’s independent auditor, and the
performance of Microsoft’s internal auditor. The Audit Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of management, the internal auditor, and the independent
auditor in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, internal control
over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with accounting standards, applicable laws, and regulations. Management is also responsible for objectively reviewing and evaluating the adequacy,
effectiveness, and quality of Microsoft’s system of internal control. Microsoft’s independent auditor, Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte & Touche”), is responsible for performing an independent audit of the
consolidated financial statements and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The independent auditor is also responsible
for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Microsoft’s internal control over financial reporting. Fiscal Year 2022 Activity During fiscal year 2022, the Audit Committee fulfilled its duties and responsibilities as outlined in the charter and the accompanying calendar. The Committee meets twice
each quarter; once in connection with quarterly Board of Directors meetings and once to review the quarterly Form 10-Q or annual Form 10-K. In addition, the Committee meets as needed to address emerging accounting, compliance, or other matters, or
for educational training. Specifically, the Committee: • Reviewed and discussed with management and the independent auditor Microsoft’s quarterly earnings press releases,
consolidated financial statements, and related periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) • Reviewed and discussed with management, the internal auditor, and the independent auditor, management’s assessment of
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and the independent auditor’s opinion about the effectiveness of Microsoft’s internal control over financial reporting • Reviewed and discussed with management, the internal auditor, and the independent auditor, as appropriate, the audit scopes
and plans of both the internal auditor and the independent auditor • Inquired about significant business and financial reporting risks, reviewed Microsoft’s policies for risk assessment
and risk management, and assessed the steps management is taking to control these risks • Met in periodic executive sessions with each of management, the internal auditor, and the independent auditor to discuss the
results of the examinations by the independent and internal auditors, their evaluations of internal controls, and the overall quality of the Company’s financial reporting, and any other matters as appropriate • Met with the CEO and CFO to discuss the processes they have undertaken to evaluate the accuracy and fair presentation of the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of the Company’s systems of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting • Reviewed with management and the independent auditor the Company’s critical accounting policies, significant changes in
the selection or application of accounting principles, the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and critical audit matters addressed during the audit • Reviewed the Company’s related party transactions and Policy for Related Party Transactions 62 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING • Received reports about the receipt, retention, and treatment of financial reporting and other compliance concerns • Reviewed and assessed the qualitative aspects of the Company’s compliance and ethics programs • Reviewed with the Chief Compliance Officer legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements or internal control over financial reporting Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Statements The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management and the independent auditor Microsoft’s audited consolidated financial statements and related
footnotes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, and the independent auditor’s report on those financial statements. Management represented to the Committee that Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements were prepared in
accordance with GAAP. Deloitte & Touche presented the matters required to be discussed with the Committee by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) standards and Rule 2-07 of SEC Regulation S-X. This review
included a discussion with management and the independent auditor of the quality (not merely the acceptability) of Microsoft’s accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant estimates and judgments, and the disclosures in
Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures relating to critical accounting policies. Based on the reviews and discussions
described above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in Microsoft’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, for filing with
the SEC. Independent Auditor Tenure and Rotation As part of its auditor
engagement process, the Audit Committee considers whether to rotate the independent audit firm. Deloitte & Touche has been Microsoft’s independent auditor since the Company’s initial public offering in 1986. Deloitte rotates its
lead audit engagement partner every five years; the Audit Committee interviews proposed candidates and selects the lead audit engagement partner. The Committee selected the current Deloitte & Touche lead audit engagement partner beginning
with the fiscal year 2020 audit. The Audit Committee believes there are significant benefits to having an independent auditor with an extensive history with the Company. These include: • Higher quality audit work and accounting advice due to Deloitte & Touche’s institutional knowledge of our
business and operations, accounting policies and financial systems, and internal control framework • Operational efficiencies and a resulting lower fee structure because of Deloitte & Touche’s history and
familiarity with our business Independence and Performance of Outside Audit Firm The Audit Committee recognizes the importance of maintaining the independence of Microsoft’s independent auditor, both in fact and appearance, and takes a number of
measures to ensure independence. The Committee leads the selection of the lead audit engagement partner, working with Deloitte & Touche with input from management. The Committee has established a policy pursuant to which all services, audit
and non-audit, provided by the independent auditor must be pre-approved by the Committee or its delegate. This policy prohibits the independent auditor from providing non-audit services such as bookkeeping or financial systems design and
implementation. The Company’s pre-approval policy is more fully described below in this Part 3 – Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor. The Committee has concluded that
the amount and nature of those services provided was compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte & Touche. In addition, Deloitte & Touche has provided the Committee with the written disclosures and letter required by
applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant’s communications with the audit committee concerning independence. The Committee has reviewed these materials and discussed the firm’s independence with
Deloitte & Touche. As provided in its charter, in addition to evaluating Deloitte & Touche’s independence, the Audit Committee performed its
annual assessment of Deloitte & Touche’s performance as independent auditor during fiscal year 2022. The Committee assessed the performance of the Deloitte & Touche lead audit engagement partner and the audit team. The
Committee reviewed a variety of indicators of audit quality including: • The quality and candor of Deloitte & Touche’s communications with the Audit Committee and management • How effectively Deloitte & Touche maintained its independence and employed its independent judgment, objectivity,
and professional skepticism • The level of engagement and value provided by the Deloitte & Touche national office • The depth and expertise of the global Deloitte & Touche audit team 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 63 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING • The quality of insight demonstrated in Deloitte & Touche’s review of the Company’s assessment of internal
control over financial reporting and remediation of control deficiencies • Available external data about quality and performance, including reports of the PCAOB on Deloitte & Touche and its
peer firms and Deloitte & Touche’s response to those reports • The appropriateness of Deloitte & Touche’s fees, taking into account the size and complexity of the Company
and the resources necessary to perform the audit • Deloitte & Touche’s knowledge of our global operations, accounting policies and practices, and internal
control over financial reporting • Deloitte & Touche’s tenure as the Company’s independent auditor and safeguards in place to maintain its
independence Recommendation of Deloitte & Touche as Independent Audit Firm for Fiscal Year 2023 As a result of its evaluation, the Audit Committee concluded that the selection of Deloitte & Touche as the independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal year 2023 is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Audit Committee Hugh F. Johnston (Chair) Teri L. List Carlos A. Rodriguez John W. Stanton Fees Billed by Deloitte & Touche This table presents fees for professional audit and other services rendered by Deloitte & Touche for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Year ended June 30, 2022 2021 Audit Fees $43,345,000 $42,300,000 Audit-Related Fees 9,617,000 10,491,000 Tax Fees 4,545,000 4,312,000 All Other Fees 10,000 37,000 Total $57,517,000 $57,140,000 Audit Fees These amounts represent fees of
Deloitte & Touche for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the review of consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly Form 10-Q reports, the audit of internal control over financial reporting, and the
services that an independent auditor would customarily provide in connection with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings, and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents, and
assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. Audit fees also include procedures relating to accounting matters that arose in connection with or as a result of the audit or the review of periodic financial statements and statutory audits
that non-U.S. jurisdictions require. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related
fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting. This category may include fees
related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations; audits of our employee benefit plans; due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions, and investments; additional revenue and license compliance
procedures related to the performance of review or audit of Microsoft’s consolidated financial statements; third-party assurance audits for cloud services; and accounting consultations about the application of GAAP to proposed transactions.
Revenue assurance and license compliance includes procedures under contracts we have entered that provide for review by an independent accountant, and advice about controls associated with the completeness and accuracy of our software licensing
revenue. These services support the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over revenue recognition and enhance the independent auditor’s understanding of our licensing programs and controls. 64 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Tax Fees Tax fees generally
consist of tax compliance and return preparation, and tax planning and advice. Tax compliance and return preparation services consist of preparing original and amended tax returns and claims for refunds. Tax planning and advice services consist of
support during income tax audits or inquiries. All Other Fees All other
fees consist of permitted services other than those that meet the criteria above and include training activities, and subscriptions and surveys on economic, industry, accounting, and human resources topics. The Audit Committee concluded that the provision of the non-audit services listed above is compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte & Touche. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor The Audit Committee has a policy for pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. Each year, the
Committee approves the terms on which the independent auditor is engaged for the ensuing fiscal year. At least quarterly, the Committee reviews and, if appropriate, pre-approves services to be performed by the independent auditor, reviews a report
summarizing fiscal year-to-date services provided by the independent auditor, and reviews an updated projection of the fiscal year’s estimated fees. The Committee, as permitted by its pre-approval policy, from time to time delegates the
approval of certain permitted services or classes of services to a member of the Committee. The Committee then reviews the delegate’s approval decisions each quarter. Microsoft uses a centralized internal system to collect requests from Company
personnel for services by the independent auditor to facilitate compliance with this pre-approval policy. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 65 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 4. Proposals to be Voted on During the Meeting Management Proposals Management Proposal 1: Election of 12 Directors The Board of Directors has nominated 12 directors for election during the 2022 annual shareholders meeting (“Annual Meeting”) to hold office until the 2023
annual shareholders meeting. The Governance and Nominating Committee evaluated and recommended the nominees in accordance with its charter and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. To be elected, a director must receive a vote of the majority of the votes cast. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board for each of the nominees listed
below. Reid G. Hoffman Age: 55 Director
Since: 2017 Occupation: General Partner, Greylock Partners Hugh F. Johnston Age: 61 Director
Since: 2017 Occupation: Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President, and CFO, PepsiCo, Inc. Teri L. List Age: 59 Director
Since: 2014 Occupation: Former Executive Vice President and CFO, The Gap, Inc. Satya Nadella (Board
Chair) Age: 55 Director Since: 2014 Occupation: Chairman and CEO, Microsoft Corporation Sandra E. Peterson Age: 63 Director
Since: 2015 Occupation: Operating Partner, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC Penny S. Pritzker Age: 63 Director
Since: 2017 Occupation: Founder and Chairman, PSP Partners, LLC Carlos A. Rodriguez Age: 58 Director
Since: 2021 Occupation: CEO and Director, Automatic Data Processing, Inc. . Charles W. Scharf Age: 57 Director
Since: 2014 Occupation: CEO, President, and Director, Wells Fargo & Company John W. Stanton Age: 67 Director
Since: 2014 Occupation: Founder and Chairman, Trilogy Partnerships John W. Thompson Age: 73 Director
Since: 2012 Occupation: Lead Independent Director, Microsoft Corporation; Former CEO and Director, Virtual Instruments
Corporation Emma N. Walmsley Age: 53 Director
Since: 2019 Occupation: CEO and Director, GSK plc Padmasree Warrior Age: 62 Director
Since: 2015 Occupation: Founder, President, and CEO, Fable Group, Inc. 66 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Management Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation As required by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, we are asking for your advisory vote on the following resolution
(“say-on-pay vote” resolution): Resolved,
that the shareholders approve, in a nonbinding vote, the compensation paid to the Company’s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in Part 2 – Named Executive Officer Compensation. Receipt of a majority of the votes cast is required to
approve this proposal. We hold our say-on-pay vote every year. Our Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation
paid to our Named Executive Officers. Statement in Support Pay for Performance Through our ongoing
shareholder engagement, we receive consistent feedback that our investors favor incentive compensation arrangements tied to specific performance measures that drive long-term performance and value creation. We have responded to investor feedback,
and our program design has evolved so that it incorporates performance elements directly linked to achievement of our long-term strategic goals. Key features of our fiscal year 2022 executive compensation program were: •  Over 95% of the annual target compensation opportunity for our CEO was performance-based and over 50% of the
total pay opportunity for other Named Executives was performance-based •  100% of our CEO’s annual target equity opportunity was delivered in the form of a performance-based stock
award – up from 70% in fiscal 2021 (50% for our other Named Executives), with payouts based on achievement against pre-established quantitative performance metrics •  70% of our CEO’s annual cash incentive was tied to achieving pre-established financial metric targets (50%
for our other Named Executives) •  Metrics under our performance stock awards are strategic measures that drive long-term growth 100% of CEO stock awards performance-based (50% for other Named
Executive Officers) 70% of CEO annual cash incentive based on financial targets (50% for other Named Executive 
Officers) •  Our performance stock
awards include a relative total shareholder return modifier to reward significant positive outperformance and reduce rewards for underperformance, thereby strengthening the alignment of the interests of our executive officers with the interests of
our long-term shareholders 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 67 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Sound Program Design We design our executive compensation program to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our success and industry leadership. Pay that reflects
performance and alignment of that pay with the interests of long-term shareholders are key principles that underlie our compensation program. We achieve these objectives through compensation that: •  Provides a competitive total target pay opportunity •  Consists primarily of equity
compensation, which encourages our executives to act as owners with a significant stake in Microsoft •  Delivers a majority of pay based on performance •  Enhances long-term focus through multi-year performance requirements or vesting for
stock-based compensation. •  Does not
encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking Best Practices in Executive Compensation Our executive compensation program follows best practices. What We Do •  Maintain a stock ownership policy that
reinforces the alignment of executive officer and shareholder interests (including stock ownership of 15x base salary for the CEO) •  Have a strong executive compensation recovery (“clawback”) policy to ensure accountability •  Promote long-term focus through
multi-year vesting and performance requirements •  Prohibit pledging, hedging, and trading in derivatives of Microsoft securities •  Retain an independent compensation
consultant •  Solicit investor feedback
on our compensation program and potential enhancements through an extensive shareholder engagement program •  Settle all long-term incentives in Microsoft stock What We Don’t Do •  No excessive perquisites (e.g., no
executive-only club memberships, medical benefits), and no tax gross-ups •  No employment agreements •  No change in control payments or benefits •  No executive-only retirement
programs •  No guaranteed bonuses •  No dividends paid on unvested stock
awards •  No encouragement of
unnecessary and excessive risk taking Our Board and Compensation Committee reviewed the prior year’s voting results and, through our regular shareholder engagement, sought
to understand the factors that influenced voting decisions. The Board and the Compensation Committee will continue to consider feedback obtained through our
shareholder engagement process in making future decisions about our executive compensation program. 68 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Management Proposal 3: Ratification of the Selection of 
Deloitte & Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2023 The Audit Committee has selected Deloitte & Touche LLP as Microsoft’s independent auditor for fiscal year 2023. The Board asks shareholders to ratify that
selection. Although current law, rules, and regulations, and the charter of the Audit Committee require the Audit Committee to engage, retain, and supervise Microsoft’s independent auditor, the Board considers the selection of the independent
auditor to be an important matter of shareholder concern and is submitting the selection of Deloitte & Touche for ratification by shareholders as a matter of good corporate practice. As described in Part 3 – Audit Committee Matters, the
Board considers the selection of Deloitte & Touche as Microsoft’s independent auditor for fiscal year 2023 to be in the best interests of Microsoft and its shareholders. Receipt of a majority of the votes cast is required to approve this proposal. If the selection of
Deloitte & Touche is not ratified, the Audit Committee will consider the result a recommendation to consider selection of a different firm. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the independent auditor. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 69 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposals Receipt of a majority of the votes cast is required to approve each of the following
shareholder proposals. We will furnish the address and number of shares held by the proponents of any of the following shareholder proposals upon receipt of a request to the Corporate Secretary for such information. Shareholder Proposal 1 Ridgeline Research has advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Diversity and Inclusion Cost/Benefit Analysis Proposal We view Microsoft as being organized to provide the best quality goods and services to its customers while maximizing the return to the investors who fund the Company. As
with any corporate initiative, prioritizing diversity comes with a cost. It’s clear that Microsoft’s Diversity & Inclusion program (D&I) is a major strategic initiative and as shareholders we feel the Global
Diversity & Inclusion Report (2021), lacks a complete analysis of the quantified net benefit to shareholders, costs, and risks and is thus incomplete. Given the substantial resources committed to the program, as well as its visibility and
importance, as shareholders we feel its net benefit should be measured and quantified using sound financial analysis. Without establishing such a full business justification, the program’s benefit to shareholders, as well as its sincerity and
motives are in doubt. The quoted statements below are excerpts from Microsoft’s 2021 Global Diversity & Inclusion Report and are included to denote the
size, scope, and importance of its Global Diversity & Inclusion program. “This is our third annual report and our eighth consecutive year of publicly
publishing our workforce demographics data. Over that time, diversity, and inclusion (D&I) has evolved far beyond compliance to a key organizational priority and societal expectation” “With this report, we offer a quantified, transparent look at where we are now on D&I, where we’ve made progress, and—most importantly—where we
need to improve.” “Our commitment to this growth starts at the top with a senior leadership team who are themselves steadfastly committed and passionate
about the importance of this work to the competitive advantage of the company.” RESOLVED : Shareholders request that Microsoft issue a public report prior
to December 31, 2022, omitting confidential and privileged information and at a reasonable expense, detailing a cost vs. benefits analysis of Microsoft’s Global Diversity & Inclusion efforts. A summation of this report should
subsequently be included in the next annual update of Microsoft’s Global Diversity & Inclusion Report. SUPPORTING STATEMENT : Shareholders
recommend that the report evaluate any risks, benefits and costs to the company associated with Microsoft’s Global Diversity & Inclusion program, initiatives, policies, and training, alongside a valuation of the programs corresponding
implicit benefit. In its discretion, the board’s analysis may include any costs or effects on employee morale and cohesion, hiring, retention, and productivity, etc. (collectively the components of “competitive advantage”) Presented
in an objective quantifiable manner which will allow a cost benefit analysis. The Report should be calculated with the most recent annual reporting periods data. 70 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION In short, Microsoft does not provide detailed
cost-benefit analyses of other aspects of running our business and believes it is unnecessary and indeed counter-productive to single out our diversity and inclusion commitments and programs for a public justification, particularly when we believe
this request is motivated by an animosity to diversity and inclusion commitments on behalf of the proponents. Microsoft’s executive leadership and Board of
Directors hold strong convictions that diversity and inclusion is fundamental to the Company’s long-term success. Indeed, Microsoft’s mission is deeply inclusive: empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.
To achieve that mission, we need to make sure our workforce represents a variety of backgrounds, identities, geographies, and perspectives needed to understand the customers we are building products and services for. Beyond representation, inclusion
is also central to our success. We seek to create environments where that diverse range of people are excited to bring all of who they are and do their best work. Beyond enabling us to fulfill our mission, our commitments to diversity and inclusion are essential to attracting and retaining world class talent, maintaining regulatory
compliance and our license to operate around the globe, meeting growing societal expectations, and meeting rising customer and shareholder expectations. As a strategic business priority, diversity and inclusion are factors in the operational
assessment portion of Microsoft’s executive compensation program to determine the annual cash bonus the CEO and entire Senior Leadership Team receive. Microsoft
Chairman and CEO Satya Nadella and other Company leaders have articulated these benefits and other business value gained from diversity and inclusion in internal and external speeches and public events such as Microsoft Include 2021. Given this
ongoing discussion, we believe the request to include detailed cost-benefit information as part of our existing annual Global Diversity and Inclusion reporting is unnecessary for shareholders and stakeholders to understand the business value of
Microsoft’s commitments to diversity and inclusion. Microsoft’s leaders set a wide range of strategic investments and undertake commitments critical to the
Company’s long-term success without publishing formal cost-benefit analyses. To single out our diversity and inclusion initiatives as requiring this type of public quantitative justification undercuts what we know to be true: the business
importance of these initiatives to Microsoft and our shareholders. It’s for these reasons we’ve continued to deepen our commitment to diversity and
inclusion and enhance our reporting on progress. For the latest information on diversity and inclusion at Microsoft please visit microsoft.com/diversity . 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 71 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposal 2 NorthStar Asset Management, Inc. has advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Eliminating Discrimination through Inclusive Hiring WHEREAS: In recent decades, the U.S. incarceration rate has skyrocketed, and
Black and Brown people are still incarcerated more often and for harsher sentences than white people. 1 People with arrest or incarceration face enduring stigma that negatively impacts employment
opportunities; However, employing formerly incarcerated people can benefit companies. The tight tech labor market means that employers must “not only rewrite
the hiring and retention playbook but also cast a wider net by diversifying the technology talent pool.” 2 Concurrently, companies, including Microsoft, seek to implement racial equity
commitments; Given the disproportionately high incarceration rates of Black and Brown people in the U.S. and case study evidence that formerly incarcerated employees
can have lower turnover and better attendance and disciplinary records compared to their peers without criminal records, recruiting fair chance employees can help ease labor market constraints and advance racial equity goals; Fair chance employers recruit from the talent pool of people with arrest and incarceration records. Best practices include: • Resolving technical barriers in applications, such as algorithms that eliminate applicants with employment gaps; • Creating internship and training programs with direct hire potential for people with arrest and incarceration records; • Hosting job fairs targeting fair chance jobseekers; • Removing blanket exclusions on specific crimes beyond legal requirements; • Ensuring that reviewers are trained in properly reading criminal records and using best practice standards for
individualized reviews; • Partnering with advocacy organizations that specialize in job preparation, entrepreneurship, in-prison education, and/or
career pathways for incarcerated people; • Routinely examining anonymized data on fair chance hires to ensure racial and gender equity; • Destigmatizing the issue of criminal records throughout the entire workforce; Fair chance employers are not blind to criminal records – hiring managers still perform background checks and consider suitability – but employers commit
to fairer hiring practices that consider the potential of stigma and bias; Despite signing the Fair Chance Business Pledge in 2015 and joining the Second Chance
Business Coalition, Microsoft has not implemented comprehensive fair chance employment practices. For example, while it has eliminated questions about criminal convictions from job applications, this is only a first step that is already required of
federal contractors and mandated by law in locations that cover 80% of the U.S. population 3 ; Discriminatory
practices expose our company to legal liability, while excluding qualified individuals because of criminal records could harm Microsoft’s competitive advantage. RESOLVED: Shareholders request that the Board of Directors prepare a report analyzing whether Microsoft hiring practices related to people with arrest or
incarceration records are aligned with publicly stated DEI (diversity, equity, and inclusion), racial equity, or criminal justice reform goals, and other public statements such as the Fair Chance Business Pledge. The report, prepared at reasonable
cost and omitting proprietary information and published publicly within one year, is recommended to evaluate the risk of discrimination, including racial discrimination, that may result from failure to implement targeted fair chance employment
practices. 1 https://www.sentencingproject.org/publications/un-report-on-racial-disparities/ 2 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tech-employment-remains-effectively-flat-amidst-an-extraordinary-tight-labormarket-301521246.html 3 https://www.nelp.org/publication/ban-the-box-fair-chance-hiring-state-and-localguide/#:~:text=Fifteen%20states%20have%20mandated%20the,Island%2C%20Vermont%2C%20and%20Washington 72 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION The requested report is unnecessary because
Microsoft has put in place numerous steps to effectively address second chance hiring. Microsoft provides an inclusive workplace free of unnecessary barriers to those with criminal records. We are also investing in new partnerships to provide
training and employment opportunities to people with criminal records. From our available data, we were able to determine that in calendar year 2021, roughly 98% of
those flagged to us during pre-onboarding as having a criminal record successfully proceeded through review to hiring. The 2% who we did not onboard into employment had a record of recent criminal conduct that was determined to be job related, i.e.,
a potential security risk to Microsoft and/or our customers, suppliers, partners, and guests. The Company has multiple safeguards to prevent the disqualification of
job candidates because of a criminal record or prior incarceration where not directly relevant to the position. In terms of our hiring processes in the U.S., Microsoft does not have any automatic, across-the-board exclusions for criminal convictions
that would disqualify or limit employment opportunities. We state that in every job posting and we don’t ask any questions about criminal convictions prior to a conditional offer of employment (unless otherwise legally required to do so). After
an employment offer, criminal convictions may impact whether we on-board a new hire if the conviction is determined to be job-related. Microsoft conducts an individualized assessment where the individuals are informed that they may be excluded
because of past criminal conduct; provides an opportunity to them to demonstrate that the exclusion does not properly apply; and considers whether the individual’s additional information shows that the policy as applied is not job-related and
consistent with business necessity. Microsoft’s review process is robust and involves discussions with multiple stakeholders before making the final determination of whether to proceed with onboarding. There is also an escalation path to
challenge the determination. Microsoft is working to enhance our efforts to provide opportunities to people with criminal records as part of our broader commitment
to inclusive hiring. Microsoft engaged an outside consultant with expertise in second chance hiring to help build our capacity to implement effective second chance hiring programs. With that expert input, Microsoft’s Human Resources team has
developed and begun to implement a roadmap of second chance hiring initiatives and proactive outreach to non-governmental organizations focused on reentry programs, worker readiness, and IT bootcamps. Microsoft is recruiting participants with
criminal records to access upskilling and training through our Microsoft LEAP apprenticeship program which has several pathways including software engineering, data analytics, and program management. LEAP apprentices are a source of talent for full
time positions at Microsoft and for other companies in the tech industry. We are also continuing to learn and seek best practices in this area. Microsoft belongs to
the Business Roundtable’s Second Chance Coalition to both share our own experiences in this work and to learn from others. This cross-sector coalition is comprised of large private-sector firms committed to fair chance hiring, which formed to
share best practices, ask questions about implementation, and learn from each other. Additional Information We share the proponents’ concerns about racial justice. In our Racial Equity Initiative announced in June 2020, we made commitments across three efforts: Increasing
representation and strengthening inclusion; Evolving our engagement with our supply chain, banking partners and partner ecosystem; and Strengthening communities by using data, technology, and partnerships to help address racial injustice and
inequities of the Black and African American communities in the U.S. and improve the safety and well-being of our employees and their communities. Reporting on our progress is available at microsoft.com/racial-equity-initiative and at microsoft.com/diversity . In addition, to further advance our diversity and inclusion commitments, in June 2022 Microsoft voluntarily committed to conduct a
civil rights audit of its workforce policies and practices. This audit, to be conducted by a third party, will be guided by U.S. civil rights law and Microsoft values with the purpose of identifying areas of opportunity for Microsoft to address. We
committed to complete this audit in fiscal year 2023 and to publish a summary report and follow-on actions. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 73 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposal 3 As You Sow and co-filers have advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. WHEREAS: Shareholders applaud Microsoft for adopting ambitious climate goals, including its commitment to become carbon negative by
2030, reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions to near zero by the middle of the decade through energy efficiency work, and reach 100 percent renewable energy by 2025. 1 While our company has made significant efforts to address climate change across its operations, data from Department of Labor filings showing company retirement plan
options and invested amounts suggest to investors that Microsoft has failed to address the material risks of climate change in its 401(k) Plan in alignment with the duty to select retirement plan investment options in the best interests of plan
participants and beneficiaries. Microsoft uses BlackRock LifePath funds as its 401(k) Plan’s default retirement options, resulting in the vast majority of the
$38 billion employee retirement dollars of its 401(k) Plan, as of December 31, 2020, 2 invested in funds that hold companies that create substantial climate risk. A recent scorecard, produced
by investor representative As You Sow , shows that the Microsoft 401(k) default option is rated Poor due to significant investments in fossil fuel companies and companies that cause deforestation risk. 3 While Microsoft allows employees to use a “self-directed” investment option to choose other funds, only 6
percent of employee retirement funds are invested outside the Plan. In polls with investors broadly, more than 70 percent say that they would like to invest sustainably and, specifically, not in oil, coal, and
deforestation. In the increasingly competitive employee retention and recruitment landscape, failing to provide climate-safe retirement plan options may also make it more difficult for Microsoft to attract and retain top talent. Given the threat that climate change poses to workers’ life savings, Microsoft should
demonstrate that it is safeguarding employee financial security over time by mitigating climate change-related financial and economic risks as part of a prudently constructed lineup of funds. Failing to satisfy this basic duty could be a liability for the Company, creating reputational risk and making it more difficult to retain
employees increasingly concerned about catastrophic climate impacts. RESOLVED: Shareholders request the board provide a report assessing how the
Company’s 401(k) retirement funds manage the growing systemic risk to the economy created by investing retirement plan funds in companies contributing significantly to climate change. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: Such analysis should include, at Board discretion, whether plan decisionmakers have considered: 1) Climate risk in portfolio offerings; 2) Whether inclusion of high carbon companies in plans contributes to greater economic volatility over time, and the impact of such volatility on retirement fund performance over time; 3) Whether inclusion of high carbon companies contributing to climate change puts younger plan participants’ retirement funds at greater economic risk than plan participants nearer retirement age. 1 https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RE4RwfV#page=15 2 https://iyv-charts.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/retirement-plans/microsoft/microsoft-corporationsavings-plus-401k-plan-form-5500-attachment-2020.pdf 3 https://investyourvalues.org/retirement-plans/microsoft 74 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION This proposal mischaracterizes the operation of
Microsoft’s 401(k) plan, over-simplifies or disregards the strict fiduciary framework to which the plan is subject under applicable law, and minimizes the efforts made to offer plan participants a broad range of investment options, including
those that account for Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) factors, within that framework. We do not believe the request for Microsoft’s Board to provide a report assessing how available funds within the Microsoft 401(k)
plan are addressing risks of climate change is the appropriate mechanism to ensure the prudent ongoing stewardship of the plan, in accordance with applicable law. Microsoft’s 401(k) plan is overseen by a management-level fiduciary committee, which utilizes several investment advisors, including a third-party fiduciary
investment consultant. The committee has worked diligently to offer participants a broad range of investment strategies across different asset classes and investment styles, to allow participants to diversify their investments and pursue their
individual retirement objectives based on their own risk tolerance. This includes access to investment options that take into account or specifically focus on green energy and climate solutions, in accordance with the committee’s fiduciary
duties. The proposal incorrectly asserts or implies that Microsoft “defaults” employees into the BlackRock LifePath target date funds, and that those funds
hold the “vast majority” of plan assets as a result. Rather, almost all new participants in the plan are required to affirmatively elect their investments, and indeed most plan assets currently are not invested in the BlackRock
LifePath funds. The Microsoft 401(k) plan offers a carefully curated and closely monitored investment lineup, in accordance with the strict fiduciary requirements imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”), as
implemented by Department of Labor regulations and guidance. The Department of Labor recently proposed changes to its rules which, if finalized, may allow fiduciaries additional flexibility in the fund selection process in the future. The
plan’s fiduciary committee evaluates plan offerings on an ongoing basis, and remains committed to doing so, with due consideration of any changes in the law that may impact the process for selecting core plan investment offerings. Of note, nearly all of the investment managers for funds offered in the Microsoft 401(k) plan’s core lineup are signatories to the UN Principles on Responsible
Investment, and already incorporate ESG factors into their investment process and practices, to varying extents. Recognizing the diverse interests of employees and
participants in having access to a wide range of additional investment options and strategies, including funds focused on green energy and other ESG initiatives, the Microsoft 401(k) plan’s self-directed brokerage window offers hundreds of
ESG-themed options. The plan also has made a number of enhancements to streamline and simplify the process of enrolling in the self-directed brokerage window and filtering available investment options to identify those that are classified as
ESG-themed. For example, Microsoft worked with the plan’s recordkeeper to facilitate a one-click search tool to identify the numerous “Socially Responsible Investment” options that are available, and regular email communications to
plan participants specifically call out that tool as a resource. In summary, the Microsoft 401(k) plan offers participants a broad range of core investment options in
accordance with prevailing ERISA fiduciary standards, and nearly all of the investment managers for those offerings account for ESG factors in their investment process and practices. The plan also allows participants to choose from a huge range of
other investment options, including hundreds of climate-friendly and other ESG-themed options that can be easily identified and filtered, via the self-directed brokerage window. The requested report does not clearly relate to the current operations
of the Microsoft 401(k) plan or the strict fiduciary framework under ERISA, nor would it affect the funds actually available for selection in the plan. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 75 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposal 4 Boston Common Asset Management and Impact Investors have advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Defense Customer Use of Microsoft Technology One-third of managed assets incorporate sustainability criteria, representing $17 trillion in investments. 1 More
responsible fund dollars are invested in Microsoft than in any other single company. 2 Microsoft advances the UN Sustainable Development Goals, established principles for responsible use of
artificial intelligence (“AI”), and recognizes privacy as a “fundamental human right.” 3 Microsoft demands the same ethics in its supply chain: “When it comes to labor and human rights, we leave no doubt as to the standards we expect. Our standards apply
to all our suppliers.” 4 However, military customers of Microsoft’s products and services may use the company’s technology in ways that conflict with Microsoft’s policies or
otherwise raise concerns. Microsoft has established principles for responsible use of AI; however, these do not cover all products and services related to military contracts to address the company’s operational exposure to human rights
violations potentially involved in military operations and missions. Risks in working with government customers on military contracts include weaponization of the
company’s technology, supplanting human decision-making with artificial intelligence, and using its products to gamify warfare and for surveillance. Absence of standards can result in privacy, civil, and human rights violations, and circumvents
legal requirements including international legal standards for warfare. This disproportionately impacts the rights of people of color, activists, and immigrants and the mental health and suicide rates of government personnel and contractors, service
members and veterans. Contracts that raise concerns: • Microsoft’s HoloLens product recently moved from a prototype tested by the U.S. Army to a $21 billion Integrated Visual
Augmentation System (IVAS) production contract for a military version to enable enhanced vision using AI-powered technology. The Army intends its close-combat lethality units to use IVAS in warfare to achieve “overmatch” against enemy
forces. • The prospective, 10-year, $10 billion contract for the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (“JEDI”) with
Department of Defense will provide cloud services to assist with development of AI capabilities to operationalize warfare. In addition to brand,
reputational and financial risk, company employees have protested the conversion of their work-products to tools of war and surveillance. 5 Leaving these concerns unaddressed impacts employee
morale, compromises work quality and productivity, and hamstrings recruitment efforts. Whereas shareholders are concerned about potential harms to the company
and society as set forth above, we urge shareholders to vote in favor of the following resolution: Resolved , that the board commission an independent report
to assess whether governmental customer use of Microsoft’s technology, including defense contract use, does or can contribute to violations of privacy, civil and human rights, and conflicts with the policies and principles set forth in
Microsoft’s CSR Report and other public disclosures. 1 https://www.ussif.org/files/Trends%20Report%202020%20Executive%20Summary.pdf 2 https://qz.com/1803716/microsoft-is-the-biggest-recipient-of-esg-rsi-stock-fund-investment/ 3 Microsoft’s 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report at p.25. 4 Id. at p.16. 5 Microsoft employees fight Army’s plans to use HoloLens and Microsoft employees’ open letter protests against
JEDI contract. 76 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION Microsoft has worked with the U.S. Department
of Defense on a longstanding and reliable basis for four decades. You’ll find Microsoft technology throughout the United States military, helping power its front office, field operations, bases, ships, aircraft, and training facilities. As
Microsoft bid on some significant new military contracts over the past several years, Microsoft’s Senior Leadership Team deliberated and made a principled decision that we’re not going to withhold technology from institutions that we have
elected in democracies to protect the freedoms we enjoy. We’ve communicated that position with employees and in external communications like blog posts. As a
result, we do not believe the requested third-party analyses would advance the interests of Microsoft, its shareholders, or other stakeholders. To summarize our approach: • First, we are committed to providing our technology to the United States military and our expertise and perspective on
technology issues ranging from cybersecurity to the ethical use of Artificial Intelligence. We depend on the military to defend our country, and we want it to have access to the best technology the country has to defend it, including from Microsoft. • Second, we will not only be active but proactive in working to address the ethical issues that new technology creates for
the military. In a democratic country like the United States where the military is accountable to civilian authorities, we believe the best way for us to address this is not to withhold our technology but rather to engage in discussions with the
country’s institutions, including testimony before Congress, engagement with the Executive Branch, and the military itself. As we’ve worked to implement our own Responsible AI principles, we’ve worked to share with customers like the
military our learnings and approach including our own internal Responsible AI Standard and a broad set of tools to facilitate the responsible assessment, development, and deployment of AI solutions. As we share information with those in the military
and the government about AI technologies, equally we have a lot to learn ourselves by engaging with these institutions about this ethical field. • Third, we understand that some employees may have different views. We don’t ask or expect everyone who works at
Microsoft to support every position the Company takes. We also respect the fact that some employees may not wish to work on certain projects. We have an approach that ensures that people who have such concerns can raise them, and we work with them
to the extent feasible to address these concerns. We’re transparent about our decision-making and will continue to have that dialogue. In
short, Microsoft has been open about its principled approach to pursuing the military contracts cited in this proposal and our broader work with the United States military and worked to help inform discussions about ethical uses of our technologies.
We do not believe the third-party assessment this proposal calls for is necessary to continue our thoughtful approach. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 77 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposal 5 Harrington Investments, Inc. has advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Microsoft 2022 Microsoft (MSFT) developed an
augmented reality headset to provide night vision, thermal sensing, and monitoring of vital signs, initially intended for gaming purposes, then the US Army adapted this product to be used for military training and combat. 1 In March 2021, our Company was awarded a $479 million Integrated Visual Augmentation System (IVAS) contract with
the US Department of the Army. This later became a $22 billion contract for a semi-custom version of IVAS to rapidly develop, test, and manufacture a single platform that soldiers can use to fight, rehearse, and train that provides increased
lethality , mobility, and situational awareness necessary to achieve overmatch against our current and future adversaries. In 2019, amidst the contract
negotiation with the military, MSFT employees pushed back in a letter to the Company stating they “do not want to become war profiteers” and they “did not sign up to develop weapons” and “demand a say in how our work is
used” 2 ; “It will be deployed on the battlefield and works by turning warfare into a simulated
‘video game,’ further distancing soldiers from the grim stakes of war and the reality of bloodshed,” Microsoft workers warn. Simply put, the application of HoloLens within the IVAS system is “designed to help people kill.” Regardless of how our Company positions itself by making public statements, the outcome is a significant contract with the U.S. military and Microsoft is actively
working to develop what employees, other stakeholders, including shareholders, and the public view as a weapons system used in war. Involvement in the development of
weapons poses a serious risk to a company’s reputation, especially for investors and stakeholders, as the trend towards ESG and SRI is on the rise. Is it prudent for our Company to be identified as a weapons developer? BE IT RESOLVED, Shareholders request that the board issue an independent,
third-party report, at reasonable expense and excluding proprietary information, to assess the reputational and financial risks to the company for being identified as a company involved in the development of weapons used by the military for training
and/or combat purposes. 1 https://www.forbes.com/sites/jasonevangelho/2019/02/23/microsoft-employees-upset-about-hololens-as-u-s-military-weapon/?sh=3013d9834822 2 https://www.newsweek.com/what-hololens-microsoft-workers-call-bosses-drop-us-military-contract-we-did-1341560 78 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION While this proposal asks for a report on
reputational and financial risks associated with military contracts rather than human rights risks, we consider the proposal to substantially overlap with Proposal 4 and will reiterate our arguments in opposition to it. As we noted previously, Microsoft has worked with the U.S. Department of Defense on a longstanding and reliable basis for four decades. You’ll find Microsoft
technology throughout the United States military, helping power its front office, field operations, bases, ships, aircraft, and training facilities. As Microsoft bid on some significant new military contracts over the past several years,
Microsoft’s Senior Leadership Team deliberated and made a principled decision that we’re not going to withhold technology from institutions that we have elected in democracies to protect the freedoms we enjoy. That decision included
consideration of reputational and associated business risks associated with our work with the U.S. military. We’ve communicated that position with employees and
in external communications like blog posts. As a result, we do not believe the requested third-party analyses would advance the interests of Microsoft, its shareholders, or other stakeholders. To summarize our approach: • First, we are committed to providing our technology to the United States military and our expertise and perspective on
technology issues ranging from cybersecurity to the ethical use of Artificial Intelligence. We depend on the military to defend our country, and we want it to have access to the best technology the country has to defend it, including from Microsoft. • Second, we will not only be active but proactive in working to address the ethical issues that new technology creates for
the military. In a democratic country like the United States where the military is accountable to civilian authorities, we believe the best way for us to address this is not to withhold our technology but rather to engage in discussions with the
country’s institutions, including testimony before Congress, engagement with the Executive Branch, and the military itself. As we’ve worked to implement our own Responsible AI principles, we’ve worked to share with customers like the
military our learnings and approach including our own internal Responsible AI Standard and a broad set of tools to facilitate the responsible assessment, development, and deployment of AI solutions. As we share information with those in the military
and the government about AI technologies, equally we have a lot to learn ourselves by engaging with these institutions about this ethical field. • Third, we understand that some employees may have different views. We don’t ask or expect everyone who works at
Microsoft to support every position the Company takes. We also respect the fact that some employees may not wish to work on certain projects. We have an approach that ensures that people who have such concerns can raise them, and we work with them
to the extent feasible to address these concerns. We’re transparent about our decision-making and will continue to have that dialogue. In
short, Microsoft has been open about its principled approach to pursuing the military contracts cited in this proposal and our broader work with the United States military and worked to help inform discussions about ethical uses of our technologies.
We do not believe the third-party assessment this proposal calls for is necessary to continue our thoughtful approach. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 79 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Proposal 6 AkademikerPension and co-filers have advised us that they intend to submit the following proposal for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Resolution: Tax Transparency RESOLVED: Shareholders request that the Board of Directors issue a tax transparency report to shareholders, at reasonable expense and excluding confidential information, prepared in consideration of the indicators and guidelines set forth in the Global
Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Tax Standard. Supporting Statement Profit shifting by corporations is estimated to cost the US government $70 – 100 billion annually. 1 Globally,
the OECD estimates revenue losses of $100 – 240 billion. 2 The PRI, representing investors with $89 trillion assets under management, states that tax avoidance is key driver of global
inequality. 3 With the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in large deficits for many governments, there has been
increased government and community focus on whether corporations are paying a “fair share” of tax and contributing to societies where profits are earned. 90% of companies believe that the financial impacts of the pandemic may lead to more
tax disputes, while 38% expect authorities to become more rigorous in tax examinations. 4 In October 2021, 136
countries agreed to a framework for global tax reform. 5 In the US, increases in infrastructure and social spending are linked to tax reforms. 6 The proposed Disclosure of Tax Havens and Offshoring Act will require public country-by-country reporting (CbCR) of financial (including tax) data by SEC-registered companies. In November 2021, the European Union approved a directive to implement a
form of public CbCR for multinationals operating in the European Union with group revenue of over $860 million. 7 Currently, Microsoft does not disclose revenues or profits in non-US markets, and foreign tax payments are not disaggregated, challenging investors’ ability to
evaluate the risks to our company of taxation reforms, or whether Microsoft is engaged in responsible tax practices that ensure long term value creation for the company and the communities in which it operates. Microsoft’s approach to taxation
has been repeatedly challenged by tax authorities globally. 8 In 2020, an Irish subsidiary recorded profits of $315 billion, despite having no employees. 9 The GRI Standards are the world’s most utilized reporting standard. 10 The GRI Tax Standard was developed in response to investor concerns regarding the lack of corporate tax transparency and the impact of tax avoidance on governments’ ability to fund services and
support sustainable development. 11 It is the first comprehensive, global standard for public tax disclosure and requires public reporting of a company’s business activities, including
revenues, profits and losses, and tax payments within each jurisdiction. 12 This proposal would bring our
company’s disclosures in line with leading companies who already report using the Tax Standard. 13 Our company already reports CbCR information to OECD tax authorities privately, so any
increased reporting burden is negligible. 1 https://thefactcoalition.org/trillions-at-stake-behind-the-numbers-at-play-in-u-s-international-corporate-tax-reform/. 2 https://www.washingtonpost.com/us-policy/2020/11/19/global-tax-evasion-data/ 3 https://www.globalreporting.org/about-gri/news-center/backing-for-gri-s-tax-standard/ 4 https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/global/Documents/dttl-tax-beps-survey-2021-report.pdf 5 https://www.oecd.org/tax/international-community-strikes-a-ground-breaking-tax-deal-for-the-digital-age.htm. 6 https://thefactcoalition.org/international-tax-reform-in-build-back-better-act-a-promising-start/ 7 https://www.internationaltaxreview.com/article/b1vf7yc65qpzcd/this-week-in-tax-eu-on-track-for-public-cbcr-by-2023 8 https://www.propublica.org/article/the-irs-decided-to-get-tough-against-microsoft-microsoft-got-tougher;
https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2015/apr/08/google-apple-and-microsoft-defend-tax-set-up-that-shifts-revenue-offshore 9 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/jun/03/microsoft-irish-subsidiary-paid-zero-corporate-tax-on-220bn-profit-last-year 10 https://assets.kpmg/content/dam/kpmg/xx/pdf/2020/11/the-time-has-come.pdf 11 https://www.globalreporting.org/about-gri/news-center/backing-for-gri-s-tax-standard/ 12 https://www.globalreporting.org/standards/media/2482/gri-207-tax-2019.pdf 13 https://www.globalreporting.org/about-gri/news-center/momentum-gathering-behind-public-country-by-country-tax-reporting/ 80 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Recommendation The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the proposal for the following reasons: COMPANY STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION The tax transparency report the proposal
requests is unnecessary because we provide abundant disclosure about our tax situation in multiple jurisdictions through existing frameworks. In addition, we support broad-based international tax reform and policies that foster economic growth,
investment, and job creation. We comply with the tax laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate. As provided in its charter, the Audit Committee of the Microsoft Board of Directors oversees our tax strategy and compliance, reviewing with
management the Company’s tax-related policies and processes. This includes regular reports on tax compliance, tax reform initiatives, and other developments in the U.S. and worldwide. First, as noted we already provide extensive tax information in a variety of forums. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
provides detailed information regarding our U.S. federal, state, and international income taxes and other tax related information for the years covered by the report. A number of Microsoft subsidiaries, including in Australia, Austria, Belgium,
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom currently file statutory reports which are publicly available. Microsoft also publishes tax strategy
statements as required in the United Kingdom, Poland, and Singapore which set out our approach to managing the Company’s tax affairs. In addition, Microsoft
currently provides annual country-by-country reports on a confidential basis to tax authorities as agreed by countries participating in the Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (“OECD”). These reports include
specific tax information by country and are shared among tax authorities providing them information to undertake a high-level risk assessment of our tax affairs. Confidentiality of this information and sharing only though information exchange
networks established by treaty was key to the multinational OECD agreement, due to its competitively sensitive nature and the need to ensure appropriate use by treaty and information exchange partners. Although public country-by-country reporting is not currently required, Microsoft expects to comply with European Union public country-by-country reporting requirements
as required effective for our fiscal year 2025. Second, we support tax reform and transparency through ongoing, orderly, multilateral processes. Microsoft has
expressed support for the OECD’s multilateral international tax reform efforts. Contrary to the proponent’s assertion that its proposal would bring our company’s disclosures in line with leading companies who already report using the
Global Reporting Initiative Tax Standard (“GRI Tax Standard”), we are not aware of any widespread adoption of the GRI Tax Standard by U.S. businesses, including by any large U.S. technology companies. We believe it would be premature to
adopt this voluntary standard in advance of the forthcoming public country-by-country reporting in the European Union noted above. Detailed disclosures required by
the Tax Standard could result in unintended negative impacts, including the release of proprietary competitive information regarding our operations and cost structures. We believe the Tax Standard’s narrow focus on corporate income taxation
also oversimplifies a complex system of fiscal and public policy determinations each country makes on revenue sources, including consumption taxes, individual taxes, business taxes, etc. The OECD multilateral negotiations are working towards international tax reforms with the expectations of signing an agreement in 2023. As noted in July 2022 OECD
Progress Report on Amount A of Pillar One: “The work on the detailed provisions of the Multilateral Convention (‘MLC‘) and its Explanatory Statement are expected to be completed so that a signing ceremony of the MLC can be held in the
first half of 2023 with the objective of enabling it to enter into force in 2024 once a critical mass of jurisdictions as defined by the MLC have ratified it.” 1 These multilateral efforts
should be allowed to progress through the negotiation and cooperation of governments, businesses, and other interested stakeholders. 1 OECD (2022), Progress Report on Amount A of Pillar One, Two-Pillar Solution to the Tax Challenges of the Digitalisation of
the Economy, OECD/G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, OECD, Paris, https://www.oecd.org/tax/beps/progress-report-on-amount-aof-pillar-one-july-2022.pdf. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 81 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT
THE MEETING 5. Information About the Meeting Date, Time,
and Place of Meeting Date: December 13, 2022 Time: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual Meeting Location: virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 This Proxy Statement was first mailed to shareholders on or about October 31, 2022. It is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the
Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation to be voted during the Annual Meeting for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting. Shareholders who execute proxies retain the right to revoke them at any time before the shares are voted by proxy during the meeting. A shareholder may revoke a proxy by
timely executing and delivering, by Internet, telephone, or mail, another proxy dated as of a later date, or by delivering a signed statement to our Corporate Secretary at or prior to the Annual Meeting. Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet We are furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders primarily via the Internet instead of mailing printed copies of those materials to each shareholder. By doing so, we
save costs and reduce the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. On October 31, 2022, we mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to certain of our shareholders. The Notice contains instructions about how to access our
proxy materials and vote online or by telephone. If you would like to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. If you previously chose to receive
our proxy materials electronically, you will continue to receive access to these materials via email unless you elect otherwise. Participating in the Annual Meeting This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on October 12, 2022, the record date, or hold a valid
proxy for the meeting. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 , you must enter the 16-digit Control Number found next to the label “Control Number” on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy
card, or voting instruction form, or in the email sending you the Proxy Statement. If you are a beneficial shareholder, you may contact the bank, broker, or other institution where you hold your account if you have questions about obtaining your
Control Number. The question and answer session will include questions submitted in advance of, and questions submitted live during, the Annual Meeting. You may
submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com after logging in with your Control Number. Questions may be submitted during the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 . We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before it begins. Online check-in will start approximately thirty minutes before the meeting on December 13, 2022. If
you have difficulty accessing the meeting, please call 1-844-986-0822 (toll free) or 303-562-9302 (international). We will have technicians available to assist you. We will also make the Annual Meeting viewable to anyone interested in a Microsoft Teams broadcast at microsoft.com/investor . If you view the meeting via the
Microsoft Teams broadcast, you will be able to watch the Annual Meeting but will not be able to vote your shares or ask questions through Microsoft Teams. Soliciting
Proxies The Board of Directors is soliciting the proxy accompanying this Proxy Statement. Proxies may be solicited by officers, directors, and employees
of Microsoft, none of whom will receive any additional compensation for their services. D.F. King & Co., Inc. may solicit proxies at a cost we anticipate will not exceed $20,000. These solicitations may be made personally or by mail,
telephone, messenger, email, or other electronic transmission. Microsoft will pay persons holding shares of common stock in their names or in the names of nominees, but not owning such shares beneficially, such as brokerage houses, banks, and other
fiduciaries, for the expense of forwarding solicitation materials to their principals. Microsoft will pay all proxy solicitation costs. 82 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT
THE MEETING Householding We deliver a single Proxy Statement and Annual Report, along with individual proxy cards or
individual Notices of Internet Availability, to certain shareholders sharing the same address unless we have received contrary instructions. If you are a registered shareholder and would like to either participate in householding or receive separate
copies of this year’s and/or future proxy materials, please contact our transfer agent, Computershare, by mail at P.O. Box 43006, Providence, RI, 02940-3078; by phone at 800-285-7772, option 1; or by email at web.queries@computershare.com . If you are a beneficial shareholder, you may contact the broker or bank where you hold the account. Election of
Directors Twelve directors are to be elected during the Annual Meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting and until their respective successors
are elected and qualified. If, for any reason, no directors are elected at an annual meeting, a slate of directors may be elected at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose in the manner provided by our Bylaws. The accompanying
proxy will be voted in favor of the nominees presented in Part 1 – Governance and our Board of Directors to serve as directors unless the shareholder indicates to the contrary on the proxy. All of this year’s nominees are current
directors. The Board expects that each of the nominees will be available for election, but if any of them is unable to serve at the time the election occurs, the proxy will be voted for the election of another nominee designated by our Board. A
nominee who does not receive a majority of the votes cast will not be elected. Except as explained in the next paragraph, an incumbent director who is not elected because he or she does not receive a majority vote will continue to serve as a
holdover director until the earliest of: (a) 90 days after the date on which the election inspector determines the voting results as to that director, (b) the date on which the Board of Directors appoints an individual to fill the office
held by that director, or (c) the date of that director’s resignation. The Board of Directors may fill any vacancy resulting from the non-election of a
director, or fill the office held by a holdover director, as provided in our Bylaws. The Governance and Nominating Committee will consider promptly whether to fill the office of a nominee who fails to receive a majority vote and make a
recommendation to our Board about filling the office. The Board of Directors will act on the Governance and Nominating Committee’s recommendation and within 90
days after certification of the shareholder vote will disclose publicly its decision. Additional details about this process are specified in our Bylaws, which are
available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines. Voting Shareholders Entitled to Vote; Quorum Shareholders of record at the close of business on October 12, 2022, will be entitled to vote during the meeting
on the basis of one vote for each share held. Shareholders as of the record date are encouraged to vote prior to the meeting (1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating,
and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form. On October 12, 2022, there were 7,456,502,484 shares of common stock outstanding, held of record by 85,585 shareholders. A majority of the outstanding shares of Microsoft common stock is required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. The shares of a
shareholder whose ballot on any or all proposals is marked as “abstain” or, in the case of an uncontested election of directors, “withheld,” will be included in the number of shares present during the Annual Meeting to determine
whether a quorum is present. Vote Required; Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes For each nominee and proposal submitted to the shareholders for a vote, approval requires a vote of the majority of the votes cast. A majority of votes cast means the
number of shares cast “for” a nominee or proposal exceeds the number of votes cast “against” that nominee or proposal. Abstentions will not be counted as votes cast. Uninstructed shares will not be counted as votes cast except
with respect to the Ratification of the Selection of our Independent Auditor, for which brokers and custodians have discretion to vote. A ballot for a nominee that is marked “withheld” will also not be counted as a vote cast. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 83 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT
THE MEETING The following table summarizes the votes required for passage of each proposal and the effect of abstentions and
uninstructed shares held by brokers. Votes Required for Approval Abstentions Uninstructed Shares Management
Proposals Election of 12 Directors Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation (“say-on-pay vote”) Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2023 Majority of votes cast No effect Discretionary vote Shareholder
Proposals Cost/Benefit Analysis of Diversity and
Inclusion Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Report on Hiring of Persons with Arrest or
Incarceration Records Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Report on Investment of Retirement Funds in
Companies Contributing to Climate Change Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Report on Government Use of Microsoft
Technology Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Report on Development of Products for
Military Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Report on Tax Transparency Majority of votes cast No effect No effect Vote Confidentiality We maintain the confidentiality of the votes of individual shareholders. Ballots, proxy forms, and voting instructions returned to brokerage firms, banks, and other
holders of record are kept confidential. Only the proxy solicitor, proxy tabulator, and inspector of election have access to the ballots, proxy forms, and voting instructions. The proxy solicitor and the proxy tabulator will disclose information
taken from the ballots, proxy forms, and voting instructions only if there is a proxy contest, if the shareholder authorizes disclosure, to defend legal claims, or as otherwise required by law. If you write comments on your proxy card or ballot,
management may learn how you voted in reviewing your comments. Tabulation of Votes Our independent election inspector, Broadridge Financial Services, will tabulate votes cast by proxy or electronically during the meeting. We expect to publish the final
vote tabulation on our website at microsoft.com/investor/corporate-governance/votingresults and report the results in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting. Where to Find More Proxy Voting Information • The SEC website has a variety of information about the proxy voting process at sec.gov/spotlight/proxymatters.shtml • Contact the Microsoft Investor Relations department through our website at microsoft.com/investor or by phone at
425-706-4400 • You may view our Annual Report and vote your shares at proxyvote.com • Contact the broker or bank through which you beneficially own your shares Where to Find our Corporate Governance Documents Copies of our Board committee charters and other governance documents listed in Part 1 – Governance and our Board of Directors can be found at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . We will provide any of the foregoing information to a shareholder without charge upon written request to MSC 123/9999, Office of the Corporate Secretary, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA
98052-6399 . 84 Table of Contents 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT
THE MEETING Proposals by Shareholders for 2023 Annual Meeting Any shareholder who wishes to submit a proposal, director
nomination, or to present matters at next year’s shareholders meeting should comply with applicable Bylaws and SEC requirements, which are identified in the table below. Submission Rules and Requirements Deadline Shareholder proposals for inclusion in next
year’s annual meeting proxy materials SEC Rule 14a-8 No later than close of business (5:30 p.m. Pacific Time) on June 29, 2023 Proxy Access Director
Nominees Section 1.14 of Bylaws Between May 30, 2023, and close of business on June 29, 2023, assuming we do not change the date of our 2023 meeting date to be more than 30 days before or 60 days
after the first anniversary of the date this definitive Proxy Statement is first released to shareholders Notice Provision for
Other Items of Business or non-Proxy Access Director Nominees Section 1.13 of Bylaws Between August 15, 2023, and close of business on September 14, 2023, assuming we do not change the date of our 2023 meeting to be more than 30 days before
or 60 days after the first anniversary date of our 2022 Annual Meeting Where to Submit Electronically askboard@microsoft.com By Mail MSC 123/9999, Office of the Corporate
Secretary, Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 Shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in reliance on the SEC’s universal proxy rule for director nominees submitted under the
advance notice requirements of our Bylaws must comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b). We encourage shareholders who wish to submit a proposal or nomination to seek independent counsel. Microsoft will not consider any proposal or
nomination that is not timely or otherwise does not meet the Bylaw and SEC requirements. We reserve the right to reject, rule out of order, or take other appropriate action with respect to any proposal that does not comply with these and other
applicable requirements. Other Business The
Board of Directors does not intend to bring any other business before the Annual Meeting, and so far as is known to our Board, no matters are to be brought before the meeting other than as specified in the notice of meeting. In addition to the
scheduled items of business, the meeting may consider such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, including procedural matters and matters relating to the conduct of the meeting. If other
business is properly brought before the meeting, the persons voting proxies will vote in accordance with their best judgment. Representatives of Deloitte &
Touche will attend the Annual Meeting, have an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and be available to respond to appropriate questions. DATED:
Redmond, Washington, October 27, 2022. 2022 PROXY STATEMENT 85 Table of Contents Microsoft Employee Giving Microsoft employees are passionate about giving time, money, and skills to address the issues facing our world. It’s part of our culture and how we
live our mission – that’s why our employees have given $255.4 million with corporate match in fiscal year 2022 and a total of $698.1 million with corporate match over the past three fiscal years. Drive More Impact with Nonprofit Offers from Microsoft We’re committed to delivering relevant, affordable, and innovative cloud solutions to help nonprofits tackle the world’s biggest challenges. Get grants and
discounts across our cloud products including Azure, Dynamics 365, and Microsoft 365, as well as for industry-specific solutions like Fundraising and Engagement. Get started at microsoft.com/nonprofits . Table of Contents C/O PROXY SERVICES P.O. BOX 9163 FARMINGDALE, NY 11735VOTE BY INTERNET Before The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR
code above Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on December 12, 2022 for shares held directly and by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on December 8, 2022 for shares
held in a Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. During The Meeting Gotowww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22You may
attend the meeting via the Internet and vote during the meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow available and follow the instructions.VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your
voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on December 12, 2022 for shares held directly and by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on December 8, 2022 for shares held in a Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the
instructions.VOTE BY MAILMark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK
INK AS FOLLOWS: D90889-P79402-Z83313KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLYMICROSOFT CORPORATION The Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" EACH OF THE FOLLOWING
NOMINEES, "FOR" Proposal 2 and 3.Election of Directors: (The Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee) For Against Abstain 01.Reid G. Hoffman 02. Hugh F. Johnston 03.Teri L. List 04. Satya Nadella 05. Sandra E. Peterson 06. Penny S. Pritzker 07.
Carlos A. Rodriguez 08.Charles W. Scharf 09. John W. Stanton 10.John W. Thompson 11. Emma N. Walmsley 12.Padmasree Warrior 2. (The Advisory Board vote recommends to approve a named vote FOR executive this proposal) ofcer compensation For Against
Abstain 3. Ratication of the Selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2023 (The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal) 4 The through Board 9. of Directors recommends a vote "AGAINST" ProposalsFor Against
Abstain 4. (The Shareholder Board recommends Proposal - Cost/Benet a vote AGAINST Analysis this of Diversity proposal) and Inclusion 5. Shareholder Proposal - Report on Hiring of Persons with Arrest or Incarceration Records (The Board recommends a
vote AGAINST this proposal) 6.Shareholder Proposal - Report on Investment of Retirement Funds in Companies Contributing to Climate Change (The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal) 7. Shareholder Proposal - Report on Government Use of
MicrosoftTechnology (The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal)8. Military Shareholder Proposal - Report on Development of Products for (The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal) 9. (The Shareholder Board recommends Proposal -
Report a vote on AGAINST Tax Transparency this proposal) Note: Please sign exactly as your name or names appear(s) on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign. When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or
guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized ofcer, giving full title as such. If signer is a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Annual Shareholders Meeting Information: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 Date: December 13, 2022 Time: 8:30 AM PT
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Shareholders Meeting: The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. D90890-P79402-Z83313 MICROSOFT CORPORATION This Proxy is
Solicited on Behalf of the Board of DirectorsThe undersigned hereby appoints JOHN W. THOMPSON and SATYA NADELLA, and each of them, with full power of substitution, as proxies to vote all the shares the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual
Shareholders Meeting of the Company to be held virtually December 13, 2022 at 8:30 a.m. Pacic Time and at any adjournments thereof. Such shares shall be voted as indicated with respect to the proposals listed on the reverse side hereof and in the
discretion of the proxies on such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof in accordance with and as described in the Notice and Proxy Statement of the Annual Shareholders Meeting.This proxy, when properly
executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made as to any item, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations. Continued and to be signed on reverse side