DEF 14A 1 a13-5467_1def14a.htm DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary   Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as   permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive   Proxy Statement o Definitive   Additional Materials o Soliciting   Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 Marathon Oil Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): x No   fee required. o Fee   computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and   0-11. (1) Title   of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate   number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per   unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to   Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is   calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed   maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total   fee paid: o Fee   paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check   box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act   Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting   fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration   statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount   Previously Paid: (2) Form,   Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing   Party: (4) Date   Filed: Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement 2013 Wednesday, April 24, 2013 10:00 a.m. Central Time Conference Center Auditorium Marathon Oil Tower 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, Texas 77056 Please vote promptly either by: 4 telephone, 4 the Internet, or 4 marking, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card. Table of Contents Marathon Oil Corporation 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, TX 77056 Clarence P.   Cazalot, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2013 Dear Marathon Oil Stockholder, On behalf of your Board of Directors and management, you are cordially invited to attend our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders to be held in the Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas, on Wednesday, April 24, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. We are providing our stockholders access to our proxy materials over the Internet, pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission rules. Please read the proxy statement for more information on how to access the proxy materials over the Internet, which allows us to conveniently provide our stockholders with the information they need, while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of our annual meeting. On March 13, 2013, we plan to commence mailing to our U.S. stockholders a Notice containing instructions on how to access our 2013 Proxy Statement and 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K and vote online. In addition, instructions on how to request a printed copy of these materials may also be found on the Notice. All other stockholders will continue to receive copies of the proxy statement and annual report by mail. The matters to be voted on at the meeting can be found in the 2013 Proxy Statement. Your vote is important. We hope you will vote either by telephone, over the Internet, or by marking, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card as soon as possible, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. Sincerely, Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 4 Proxy   Statement Summary 5 Proxy   Statement 8 Questions   and Answers 8 The Board of Directors and Governance Matters 11 Compensation   of Directors 20 Proposals   of the Board Proposal   No. 1 Election   of Directors 22 Nominees   for Director 23 Proposal   No. 2 Ratification   of Independent Auditor for 2013 27 Proposal   No. 3 Say on   Executive Pay 28 Proposal   of Stockholders Proposal   No. 4 Lobbying   Report 29 Audit and Finance Committee Report 32 Information Regarding the Independent Registered   Public Accounting Firm’s Fees, Services and Independence 33 Security   Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 34 Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 35 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting   Compliance 36 Compensation Committee Report 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Executive Compensation Tables and Other Information 58 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 73 Compensation Policies and Practices for Employees 75 Statement Regarding the Delivery of a Single Set of   Proxy Materials to Households with Multiple Marathon Oil Stockholders 75 Solicitation   Statement 75 APPENDIX I –   Audit and Finance Committee Policy For Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Permissible Non-Audit Services 3 Table of Contents Notice   of Annual Meeting of Stockholders on April 24, 2013 We   will hold our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders in the Conference Center   Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas   77056 on Wednesday, April 24, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time, in   order to: · elect eight directors; · ratify the selection of   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent auditor for 2013; · consider a non-binding advisory vote to   approve our named executive officer compensation; · consider a   stockholder proposal seeking a report regarding the Company’s lobbying   activities, policies and procedures; and · transact any other business that properly   comes before the meeting. You   are entitled to vote at the meeting if you were an owner of record of   Marathon Oil Corporation common stock at the close of business on February 25,   2013. If your ownership is through a broker or other intermediary, you will   need to have proof of your stockholdings in order to be admitted to the   meeting. A recent account statement, letter or proxy from your broker or   other intermediary will suffice. Marathon   Oil is taking advantage of the Securities and Exchange Commission rules which   allow issuers to furnish proxy materials to their stockholders over the   Internet. We believe these rules allow us to conveniently provide our   stockholders with the information they need, while lowering the costs of   delivery and reducing the environmental impact of our annual meeting. If   you received a printed copy of the materials, we have enclosed a copy of the   Company’s 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K to stockholders with this   notice and proxy statement. By   order of the Board of Directors, Sylvia J. Kerrigan Secretary Dated:   March 6, 2013 Marathon Oil Corporation 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, TX 77056 4 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary This   summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement.   You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Annual   Meeting of Shareholders · Time and Date: 10:00 a.m. Central Time, April 24,   2013 · Place: Marathon   Oil Tower Conference   Center Auditorium 5555   San Felipe Street Houston,   Texas 77056 · Record Date: February 25, 2013 · Voting: Stockholders Meeting   Agenda · Election of eight directors · Ratification   of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditor for   2013 · Non-binding   advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation · Stockholder   proposal seeking a report regarding the Company’s lobbying activities,   policies and procedures · Transact any   other business that may properly come before the meeting Voting   Matters Board Proposals Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference (for more detail) Election of Directors FOR   EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE 22 Ratification of the   selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditor for 2013 FOR 27 Non-binding advisory vote   to approve our named executive officer compensation FOR 28 Stockholder Proposal Stockholder proposal   seeking a report regarding the Company’s lobbying activities, policies and   procedures AGAINST 29 Board   Nominees The   following table provides summary information about each director who is   nominated for election. Each director nominee will serve a one-year term   expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders. Name Age Director Since Occupation Experience/ Qualification Independent Committee Assignments Gregory H. Boyce 58 2008 Chairman and CEO of Peabody Energy Corporation · Leadership · Industry · International · Engineering X Audit; Compensation t ; and   HES&CR Pierre Brondeau 55 2011 Chairman, President and CEO of FMC Corporation · Technology · Leadership · Engineering · International X Compensation; Corp. Gov.; and HES&CR 5 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary (continued) Name Age Director Since Occupation Experience/ Qualification Independent Committee Assignments Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. 62 2000 Chairman, President and CEO of Marathon Oil Corporation · Leadership · Industry · International · Engineering Linda Z. Cook 54 2011 Retired Executive Director of Royal Dutch Shell plc · Leadership · Industry · International · Engineering X Audit; Compensation; and Corp. Gov. Dr. Shirley Ann Jackson 66 2000 President of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute · Education · Technology · Government · Leadership X Audit t ;   Compensation; and HES&CR Philip Lader 66 2002 Non-executive Chairman of WPP plc · Government · International · Leadership · Industry X Compensation; Corp. Gov.; and HES&CR t Michael E. J. Phelps 65 2009 Chairman and Founder of Dornoch Capital, Inc. · Finance · International · Leadership · Industry X Audit; Corp. Gov.; and HES&CR Dennis H. Reilley 59 2002 Former Non-executive Chairman of Covidien Ltd. · Finance · International · Leadership · Industry X Audit; Compensation; and Corp. Gov. t Audit Compensation Corp. Gov. HES&CR t Attendance Audit   and Finance Committee Compensation   Committee Corporate   Governance and Nominating Committee Health,   Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee Committee   Chair In 2012, the director nominees, all of whom are current directors,   attendance averaged approximately 98% for the aggregate of the total number   of the Board and committee meetings. Auditors As   a matter of good corporate governance, we are asking our stockholders to   ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent   registered public accounting firm for 2013. Executive   Compensation Advisory Vote In   accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as   amended (the “Exchange Act”) and as a matter of good corporate governance, we   seek your advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive   officers and ask that you support the compensation of our named executive   officers with a FOR vote. The Board believes that our compensation policies   and practices attract talented and experienced executives, motivate them by   rewarding individual and collective contributions to our success and retain   our executives so that they can directly impact our business. 6 Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary (continued) Stockholder   Proposal Seeking Company Report on Lobbying Activities, Policies and   Procedures The   New York State Common Retirement Fund (the “Fund”) has given notice that it   intends to present a proposal seeking a report regarding the Company’s   lobbying activities, policies and procedures at the annual meeting of   stockholders. The Fund’s statement in support can be found on page 29.   As we discuss more fully on page 31, we believe that the adoption of   this proposal is unnecessary and should be evaluated in the context of our   current disclosures regarding the Company’s lobbying policies, practices and   procedures. Executive   Compensation Components Type Form Terms Equity · Stock Options · Generally vest   pro-rata over three years · Restricted Stock · Granted to   officers other than the CEO (the CEO does not receive restricted stock) · Generally   vests at the end of three years Cash · Base Salary · Reviewed   annually · Annual Cash Bonus · Determined by the   Compensation Committee based upon a combination of quantitative   performance metrics and individual performance goals · Performance Unit Awards · Payment is based upon   relative total stockholder return ranking at the end of a defined performance   period Retirement · Tax-qualified plans · Broad-based   defined benefit and Code Section 401(k) plans to provide retirement   benefits · Nonqualified plans · Generally   provide for benefits that officers do not receive due to Internal Revenue   Code limits Other · Perquisites · Executive   physical; reimbursement of tax and financial planning up to an annual maximum Other   Key Compensation Features · Significant stock ownership requirements, including six times base   salary for CEO · Clawback of incentive compensation · No severance   or employment agreements with current officers · No tax   gross-up of perquisites 2012   Compensation Decisions For   a complete description of our 2012 compensation decisions, please refer to   the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 38. 2014   Annual Meeting of Stockholders Stockholder   proposals submitted for inclusion in our 2014 Proxy Statement must be   received in writing by our corporate Secretary no later than the close of   business on November 13, 2013. 7 Table of Contents Proxy   Statement We have sent you this proxy statement because   the Board of Directors (the “Board”) is asking you to give your proxy (that   is, the authority to vote your shares) to our proxy committee so they may   vote your shares on your behalf at our annual meeting of stockholders. The members   of the proxy committee are Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr., Dennis H. Reilley,   and Janet F. Clark. We   will hold the meeting on April 24, 2013 in the Conference Center   Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas.   The proxy statement contains information about the matters being voted on and   other information that may be helpful to you. We   began the mailing of the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy   Materials, the 2013 Proxy Statement, the proxy card, and the Letter to   Stockholders and 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K on or about March 13,   2013. Questions and Answers ¢ Who   may vote? You   may vote if you were a holder of Marathon Oil Corporation (“Marathon Oil” or   the “Company”) common stock at the close of business on February 25,   2013, which is the record date of the meeting. Each share of common stock   entitles its holder to one vote on each matter to be voted on at the meeting. ¢ What   may I vote on? You   may vote on: · the election   of eight nominees to serve as directors; · the   ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our   independent auditor for 2013; · a non-binding   advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation; and · a stockholder   proposal seeking a report regarding the Company’s lobbying activities,   policies and procedures. ¢ How   does the Board recommend I vote? The   Board recommends that you vote: · FOR each of the   nominees for director; · FOR the   ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our   independent auditor for 2013; · FOR the   non-binding advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation;   and · AGAINST stockholder proposal seeking a report regarding the Company’s   lobbying activities, policies and procedures. ¢ If I   am a stockholder of record of Marathon Oil shares, how do I cast my vote? If   you are a holder of record of Marathon Oil common stock, you may vote in   person at the annual meeting. We will give you a ballot at the meeting. If   you do not wish to vote in person or if you will not be attending the annual   meeting, you may vote by proxy on the Internet, by using the proxy card mailed   to you, or over the 8 Table of Contents telephone.   The procedures for voting by proxy are as follows: · To vote by   proxy on the Internet, go to http://www.proxyvote.com to complete an   electronic proxy card. You will need the 12-digit Control Number included on   your Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) or   on your proxy card; · To vote by   proxy using the enclosed proxy card (if you received a printed copy of these   proxy materials by mail), complete, sign and date your proxy card and return   it promptly in the envelope provided; or · To vote by   proxy over the telephone (if you received a printed copy of these proxy   materials by mail), dial the toll-free phone number listed on your proxy card   under the heading “Vote by Phone” using a touch-tone phone and follow the   recorded instructions. If   you vote by proxy, your vote must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time   on April 23, 2013 to be counted. We   provide Internet proxy voting to allow you to vote your shares on-line, with   procedures designed to ensure the authenticity and correctness of your proxy   vote instructions. However, please be aware that you must bear any costs   associated with your Internet access, such as usage charges from Internet   access providers and telephone companies. ¢ If I   am a beneficial owner of Marathon Oil shares, how do I vote? If   you are a beneficial owner of shares of Marathon Oil common stock held in   street name and you received a printed copy of these proxy materials by mail,   you should have received a voting instruction card with these proxy materials   from the organization that is the record owner of your shares rather than   from us. If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and you   received a Notice by mail, you should have received the Notice from the   organization that is the record owner of your shares rather than from us.   Beneficial owners that received a printed copy of these proxy materials by   mail from the record owner may complete and mail that voting instruction card   or may vote by telephone or over the Internet as instructed by that   organization in the voting instruction card.   Beneficial owners that received a Notice by mail from the record owner should   follow the instructions included in the Notice to view the proxy statement   and transmit their voting instructions. A beneficial owner planning to vote   in person at the annual meeting must obtain a valid proxy from the record   owner. To request the requisite proxy form, follow the instructions provided   by your broker or contact your broker. ¢ Why   did I receive a Notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of   proxy materials this year instead of a full set of proxy materials? Pursuant   to the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have   elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the Internet. Unless   you previously requested to receive a printed copy of the proxy materials or   reside in a location outside the United States, we are sending a Notice   Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials to our stockholders of record.   All stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials. Instructions   on how to access the proxy materials over the Internet or to request a   printed copy may be found on the Notice. In addition, stockholders may   request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically   by e-mail on an ongoing basis. ¢ May I   change my vote? If   you are a holder of record of shares of Marathon Oil common stock, you may   change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before your shares are   voted at the meeting by: · voting again   by telephone or over the Internet; · sending us a   proxy card dated later than your last vote; · notifying the   Secretary of Marathon Oil in writing; or · voting at the   meeting. ¢ How   many outstanding shares are there? At   the close of business on February 25, 2013, which is the record date for   the meeting, there were 708,042,853 shares of Marathon Oil common stock   outstanding and entitled to vote. 9 Table of Contents ¢ How big   a vote do the proposals need in order to be approved? Directors   are elected by a majority of the votes cast. For a director to be elected,   the number of shares voted “for” a director must exceed the number of votes   cast “against” that director. Abstentions will not be taken into account in   director elections. Each of the other proposals will be approved if it   receives a majority of the votes of the shares present in person at the   meeting and those represented by proxy and entitled to vote. Although the advisory   vote on Proposal 3 is non-binding, as provided by law, our board will review   the results of the vote and, consistent with our record of stockholder   engagement, will take it into account in making determinations concerning   named executive officer compensation. Except as otherwise provided above,   abstentions are counted as votes present and entitled to vote and have the   same effect as votes against a proposal. Broker non-votes are not counted as   either votes for or votes against a proposal. Both abstentions and broker   non-votes are counted in determining that a quorum is present for the   meeting. ¢ What   are broker non-votes? The   New York Stock Exchange permits brokers to vote their customers’ shares on   routine matters when the brokers have not received voting instructions from   customers. The ratification of the independent auditor is an example of a   routine matter on which brokers may vote in this way. Brokers may not vote   their customers’ shares on non-routine matters such as the election of   directors, the proposal related to executive compensation or the stockholder   proposal, unless they have received voting instructions from their customers.   Shares held by brokers on behalf of these customers which are not voted on   non-routine matters are broker non-votes. ¢ What   constitutes a quorum? Under   our by-laws, a quorum is one third of the voting power of the outstanding   shares of stock entitled to vote. ¢ Will   my vote be confidential? Only   the voting records of employee-stock-holders are kept confidential, except as   necessary to meet legal requirements and in other limited circumstances such   as proxy contests. ¢ How   will voting be conducted on other matters raised at the meeting? If   any matters are presented at the meeting other than the proposals on the   proxy card, the proxy committee will vote on them using their best judgment.   Your signed proxy card, or your telephone or Internet vote, gives them the   authority to do this. Under our by-laws, notice of any matter to be presented   by a stockholder for a vote at the meeting must have been received by our   corporate Secretary on or after November 14, 2012 and no later than   December 14, 2012, and it must have been accompanied by certain   information about the stockholder presenting it. We have not received notice   of any matter to be presented other than those on the proxy card. ¢ When   must stockholder proposals be submitted for the 2014 annual meeting? Stockholder   proposals submitted for inclusion in our 2014 proxy statement must be   received in writing by our corporate Secretary no later than the close of   business on November 13, 2013. Stockholder proposals submitted outside   the process for inclusion in the proxy statement must be received from   stockholders of record on or after November 13, 2013 and no later than   December 13, 2013 and must be accompanied by certain information about   the stockholder making the proposal, in accordance with our by-laws. 10 Table of Contents The   Board of Directors and Governance Matters Under   our by-laws and the laws of Delaware, Marathon Oil’s state of incorporation,   the business and affairs of Marathon Oil are managed under the direction of   the Board which currently consists of eight directors.  The Board met eight times in 2012 and   attendance for Board and committee meetings averaged 98 percent for the full   year. Under our Corporate Governance Principles, directors are expected to   attend the annual meeting of stockholders, and in 2012 all of our directors   attended the meeting in person. The   chairman of the Board presides at all meetings of stockholders and the Board.   In 2012, we again elected a lead director to preside at executive sessions of   non-employee directors. Among other things, the lead director is also   responsible for reviewing with the chairman and CEO the proposed Board and   committee meeting agendas. Our   Corporate Governance Principles require non-employee directors of the Company   to meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions. To comply with this   directive, an offer of an executive session is extended to non-employee   directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. In 2012, non-employee   directors of the Company held ten executive sessions. In   2012, the Board had four principal committees, all the members of which were   independent, non-employee directors. The table below shows the current   committee memberships of each director and the number of meetings that each   corresponding committee held in 2012. Board   Committee Memberships Director Audit   and Finance Committee Compensation Committee Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee Gregory H. Boyce X X* X Pierre Brondeau X X X Linda Z. Cook X X X Shirley Ann Jackson X* X X Philip Lader X X X* Michael E. J. Phelps X X X Dennis H. Reilley X X X* Number of Meetings in 2012 6 4 4 3 * Chair 11 Table of Contents Board   and Committee Independence The   principal committee structure of the Board includes the audit and finance,   compensation, corporate governance and nominating, and health, environmental,   safety and corporate responsibility committees. These committees are   comprised entirely of independent directors. In   determining independence, the Board affirmatively determines whether   directors have no material relationship with the Company. When assessing   materiality, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances   including, without limitation, transactions between the Company and the   director directly, immediate family members of the director, or organizations   with which the director is affiliated, and the frequency and dollar amounts   associated with these transactions. The Board further considers whether the   transactions were at arm’s length in the ordinary course of business and   whether the transactions were consummated on terms and conditions similar to   those of unrelated parties. In 2012, the Board considered royalty payments   totaling $6,550,631 received by the Company from a wholly-owned subsidiary of   a company of which Gregory H. Boyce is chairman and chief executive officer,   contributions by the Company totaling $14,000 to Rensselaer Polytechnic   Institute, a university which Shirley Ann Jackson is the President, and   contributions to universities and other not-for-profit organizations of which   Pierre Brondeau, Linda Z. Cook, and Philip Lader or their immediate family   members are directors, trustees or affiliates, with no contribution exceeding   $50,000.   These transactions did not   exceed the thresholds set forth in the categorical standards discussed below. The   Board uses the following categorical standards to determine director   independence: (1) not being a present or former employee, or having an   immediate family member as an executive officer, of the Company within the   past three years; (2) not personally receiving, or having an immediate   family member receive, any direct compensation from the Company in excess of   $120,000 during any twelve-month period within the last three years, other   than compensation for board or committee service, pension or other forms of   deferred compensation for prior service, or compensation paid to an immediate   family member who is a non-executive employee of the Company; (3) with   respect to the Company’s external auditor, (a) not being engaged, or   having an immediate family member engaged, as a current partner by the   Company’s external auditor, (b) not being a current employee of the   Company’s external auditor, (c) not having an immediate family member   who is a current employee of the Company’s external auditor and who   participates in such firm’s audit, assurance or tax compliance (but not tax   planning) practice, or (d) not being engaged or employed or having an   immediate family member engaged or employed, within the past three years (but   is no longer) a partner or employee of such firm and personally worked on the   Company’s audit within that time; (4) not being employed, or having an   immediate family member employed, within the past three years as an executive   officer of another company where now or at any time during the past three years   any of the Company’s present executive officers serve or served on the other   company’s compensation committee; (5) not being a current employee, or   having an immediate family member who is a current executive officer, of a   company that makes or made payments to, or receives or received payments   from, the Company for property or services in an amount which, in any of the   three preceding fiscal years, exceeded the greater of $1 million, or 2% of   the other company’s consolidated gross revenues; and (6) not being an   executive officer of a tax-exempt organization of which the Company has   within the three preceding fiscal years made any contributions to that   organization in any single fiscal year that exceeded the greater of $1   million, or 2% of the tax-exempt organization’s consolidated gross revenues. Applying   these categorical standards, the Board determined that the following   directors qualify as independent: Gregory H. Boyce; Pierre Brondeau; Linda Z.   Cook; Shirley Ann Jackson; Philip Lader; Michael E. J. Phelps; and Dennis H.   Reilley. 12 Table of Contents Audit   and Finance Committee The   Audit and Finance Committee has a written charter adopted by the Board, which   is available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Audit_Committee_Charter/. The charter requires the   committee to reassess and report to the Board on the adequacy of the charter   on an annual basis, which the committee did in 2012. All the members of the   Audit and Finance Committee are independent (as independence is defined in   Exchange Act Rule 10A-3, as well as the general independence   requirements of New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) Rule 303A.02). This   committee is, among other things, responsible for: · appointing, replacing,   compensating and overseeing the work of the independent auditor; · reviewing the fees   proposed by the independent auditor for the coming year and approving in   advance all audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services to   be performed by the independent auditor; · separately meeting with   the independent auditor, the internal auditors and management with respect to   the status and results of their activities; · reviewing and assuring   the rotation of the lead audit partner as required by law and considering   whether rotation of the independent auditor firm is necessary; · reviewing with the   chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, and the general counsel   the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and management’s conclusions   about the efficacy of such disclosure controls and procedures; · reviewing, approving   and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual and   quarterly financial statements, reports of internal control over financial   reporting, the annual report to stockholders, and the Form 10-K; · reviewing earnings   press releases; · discussing with   management guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk   assessment and management is undertaken by the Company; · reviewing and   recommending dividends; · approving and   recommending financings, including the recommendations of action to   subsidiaries, partnerships and joint ventures; · reviewing and reporting   on the Company’s compliance with financial covenants and other terms of loans   and other agreements; · reviewing year-end   hydrocarbon reserve estimates and tax estimates; · reviewing legal and   regulatory compliance regarding the Company’s financial statements,   accounting or auditing matters or compliance with the Code of Business   Conduct or Policy for Whistleblowing Procedures; and · comple ting an   annual performance evaluation of this committee. The   Audit and Finance Committee has the authority to investigate any matter   brought to its attention with full access to all books, records, facilities   and personnel of the Company, and to retain outside legal, accounting or   other consultants. Audit   and Finance Committee Policy For Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related, Tax   and Permissible Non-Audit Services The   Audit and Finance Committee Policy For Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related,   Tax and Permissible Non-Audit Services is attached as Appendix I to this   proxy statement and is also available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Policy_PreAppAudit_Tax_NonAudit/. Among other   things, this 13 Table of Contents policy   sets forth the procedure for the committee to pre-approve all audit,   audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services, other than as provided   under the de minimus exception. Notwithstanding the de minimus exception, it   is the intent of the committee that standard practice will be to pre-approve   all permissible non-audit services. The committee delegated pre-approval   authority of up to $500,000 to the Audit and Finance Committee Chair for   unbudgeted items. Audit   Committee Financial Expert Based   on the attributes, education and experience requirements set forth in Section 407   of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and associated regulations, the Board has   determined that Michael E. J. Phelps and Dennis H. Reilley each qualify as an   “Audit Committee Financial Expert.” · Mr. Phelps held a   number of senior executive positions, including chief executive officer and   chief financial officer for Westcoast Energy, Inc. In addition to his   master’s of Law degree, he holds a bachelor of arts degree in economics and   history. · Mr. Reilley is a   former non-executive chairman of Covidien Ltd. He also served as chairman and   chief executive officer of Praxair, Inc. In addition to certifying the   effectiveness of internal controls and procedures required by his position as   CEO, Mr. Reilley’s experience included serving as former chair of Enter gy   Corporation’s audit committee. He holds a bachelor of science degree in   finance from Oklahoma State University. Hiring   of Employees or Former Employees of the Independent Auditor This   policy provides that the Company shall not hire any employee or former   employee of its independent auditor for a position in a financial reporting   oversight role if such employee or former employee was the lead or concurring   partner, or any other member of the audit engagement team who provided more   than ten hours of audit, review or attest services during the one-year period   preceding the date of the initiation of the audit. The complete policy   statement is available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Guide_Hire_Employees_Indep_Auditor/. Policy   for Whistleblowing Procedures The   policy for Whistleblowing Procedures establishes procedures for the receipt,   retention and treatment of concerns received by the Company regarding accounting,   internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, and the confidential,   anonymous submission by employees to the Company of concerns regarding   questionable accounting or auditing matters. The policy for Whistleblowing   Procedures is available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Policy_Whistleblowing_Procedures/. Compensation   Committee The   Compensation Committee is composed solely of directors who satisfy all   criteria for independence under applicable law and the rules of the NYSE   and who, in the opinion of the Board, are free of any relationship that would   interfere with their exercise of independent judgment as members of the   committee. The   Compensation Committee has a written charter adopted by the Board, which is   available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Charter_Comp_Committee/. The charter requires the   committee to reassess and report to the Board on the adequacy of the charter   on an annual basis, which the committee did in 2012. 14 Table of Contents The   committee is, among other things, responsible for: · making   recommendations to the Board and to the boards of subsidiaries on all matters   of policy and procedures relating to executive compensation; · reviewing and   approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the chief executive   officer’s compensation, and determining and approving the chief executive   officer’s compensation level based on the Board’s performance evaluation of   the chief executive officer; · reviewing and   approving the frequency with which to submit to stockholders an advisory vote   to approve named executive officer compensation, taking into account any   prior stockholder advisory vote regarding such frequency; · reviewing and   considering the results of any stockholder advisory votes to approve named   executive officer compensation; · determining   and approving the compensation of the other executive officers, and reviewing   the succession plan relating to positions held by the other executive   officers; · recommending   to the Board and administering the incentive compensation plans and   equity-based plans of the Company; · confirming   the achievement of performance levels under the Company’s incentive   compensation plans; · reviewing,   recommending, and discussing with management the Compensation Discussion and   Analysis section included in the Company’s annual proxy statement; and · evaluating   its performance on an annual basis. The   committee used Meridian Compensation Partners LLC (“Meridian”) to provide   consulting services and advice to the committee on executive compensation   matters. The consultant reports directly to the committee and provides   information on industry trends, market practices and updates on regulatory   requirements. Meridian provides no other services to the Company or its   executives. The   committee seeks input from the CEO on compensation decisions and performance   appraisals for all other executive officers. However, all final executive   officer compensation decisions are made by the committee. The   committee meets at least four times a year and is given the opportunity to   meet in executive session at each of its meetings. With input from the   independent compensation consultant, the CEO, and the Vice President of Human   Resources, the chairman of the committee approves the agendas for committee   meetings. When possible, the committee previews and discusses significant   compensation decisions at one meeting before giving formal approval at a   subsequent meeting. Compensation   Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The members of the   Compensation Committee are Gregory H. Boyce, (Chairman), Pierre Brondeau,   Linda Z. Cook, Shirley Ann Jackson, and Dennis H. Reilley. Each person   qualifies as an independent non-employee director, and no member has served   as an officer or employee of the Company. During 2012, none of the Company’s   executive officers served as a member of a compensation committee or board of   directors of any other entity, which has an executive officer serving as a   member of our Compensation Committee or Board of Directors. 15 Table of Contents Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee The   Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is composed solely of   independent directors in accordance with the rules of the NYSE. The   committee’s primary purpose is to discharge the Board’s responsibility   related to the development and implementation of a set of corporate   governance principles, the identification of individuals qualified to become   Board members, and the review of the qualifications and make-up of the Board   membership. The   committee is, among other things, responsible for: · reviewing and   making recommendations to the Board concerning the appropriate size and   composition of the Board, including candidates for election or re-election as   directors, the criteria to be used for the selection of candidates for   election as directors, the appropriate skills and characteristics required of   Board members in the context of the current make-up of the Board, the   composition and functions of the Board committees, and all matters relating to   the development and effective functioning of the Board; · considering   and recruiting candidates to fill positions on the Board; · considering   nominees recommended by stockholders for election as directors; · considering   and recommending non-employee director compensation; · reviewing and   making recommendations to the Board of each Board committee’s membership and   committee chairpersons including, without limitation, a determination of   whether one or more Audit and Finance Committee members qualifies as an   “audit committee financial expert” in accordance with applicable law; · assessing and   recommending overall corporate governance practices; · establishing   the process and overseeing the evaluation of the Board; · reviewing   and, if appropriate, approving any related person transactions; · reviewing and   approving codes of conduct applicable to directors, officers and employees; · reviewing the   Company’s policy statement on stockholders’ rights plans and reporting any   recommendations to the Board; and · evaluating   its performance on an annual basis. A current copy of the   Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee’s charter is available on the   Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Charter_CorpGovNom_Committee/. Director   Identification and Selection The process for director   selection and director qualifications is set forth in Article III,   Section (a) of the Company’s Corporate Governance Principles which   are available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Corporate_Governance_Principles/. In summary, the   chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the chairman   of the Board and chief executive officer, and the secretaries of the   Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees should work   with a third-party professional search firm to review director candidates and   their credentials. At least one member of the committee and the chairman of   the Board and chief executive officer should meet with the director   candidate. This screening process applies to Corporate Governance and   Nominating Committee recommended nominees, as well as nominees recommended by   the stockholders in accordance with the Company’s by-laws or applicable law.   The criteria for selecting new directors include their independence, as   defined by applicable law, stock exchange listing standards and the 16 Table of Contents categorical standards listed   in the Company’s Corporate Governance Principles, their business or   professional experience, their integrity and judgment, their record of public   service, their ability to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the   Company, the diversity of backgrounds and experience they will bring to the   Board, and the needs of the Company from time to time. Directors should also   be individuals of substantial accomplishment with demonstrated leadership   capabilities, and they should represent all stockholders and not any special   interest group or constituency. The committee’s charter also gives the   committee the sole authority to retain and terminate any search firm to be   used to identify director candidates, including sole authority to approve the   search firm’s fees and other retention terms. Health, Environmental, Safety, and Corporate   Responsibility Committee The   Health, Environmental, Safety, and Corporate Responsibility Committee assists   the Board in identifying and monitoring health, environmental, safety, social   and political trends, issues, and concerns which affect the Company.   Additionally, the committee analyzes the Company’s global reputation and   develops recommendations to strategically position the Company to support its   business objectives. A copy of the committee charter is available on the   Company’s website at http://www.marathonoil.com/HESCR_Committee_Charter/. The   committee is, among other things, responsible for: · reviewing and   recommending Company policies, programs, and practices concerning broad   health, environmental, safety, social, public policy and political issues; · identifying,   evaluating and monitoring the health, environmental, safety, social, public   policy and potential trends, issues and concerns, which affect or could   affect the Company’s business activities; · reviewing   legislative and regulatory issues affecting the Company’s businesses and   operations; and · reviewing the   Company’s political, charitable and educational contributions. Board’s Role in Risk Oversight Responsibility   for risk oversight rests with the Board and committees of the Board in   accordance with the focus areas of each committee: The Audit and Finance Committee annually   reviews the process by which Enterprise Risk Management is undertaken by the   Company and the latest assessment of risks and key mitigation strategies. It   regularly reviews risks associated with financial and accounting matters and   reporting. They monitor compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and   internal control systems. They also review risks associated with financial   strategies and capital structure of the Company. The Compensation Committee reviews the   executive compensation program to help ensure that it does not encourage   excessive risk. It also reviews executive compensation, incentive   compensation and succession plans to ensure the Company has appropriate   practices in place to support the retention and development of the talent   necessary to achieve the Company’s business goals and objectives. 17 Table of Contents The Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate   Responsibility Committee regularly reviews and oversees   operational risks including those relating to health, environment, safety and   security. It reviews risks associated with social, political and   environmental trends, issues and concerns, domestic and international, which   affect or could affect the Company’s business activities, performance and   reputation. The   Board receives regular updates from the committees about their activities in   this regard and also reviews risks not specifically within the purview of any   particular committee and risks of a more strategic nature. Key risks   associated with the strategic plan are reviewed annually at the strategy   meeting of the Board and periodically throughout the year. While   the Board and committees of the Board oversee risk management, Company   management is responsible for managing risk. The Company has a strong   enterprise risk management process for identifying, assessing and managing   risk, and monitoring risk mitigation strategies. The governance of this   process is effectuated through the executive sponsorship of the CEO and CFO   and a committee of executive officers and senior managers responsible for   working across the business to manage each enterprise level risk and to   identify emerging risks. Corporate Governance Principles Our   Corporate Governance Principles are available on the Company’s website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Corporate_Governance_Principles/. In summary, the   Corporate Governance Principles address the general functioning of the Board,   including its responsibilities, the Board size, director elections and limits   on the number of Board memberships. These principles also address Board   independence, committee composition, the lead director position, the process   for director selection and director qualifications, the Board’s performance   review, the Board’s planning and oversight functions, director compensation   and director retirement and resignation. Leadership Structure of the Board As   provided in our Corporate Governance Principles, the Board does not have a   policy, one way or the other, on whether or not the roles of the chairman and   CEO should be separate and, if they are to be separate, whether the chairman   should be selected from the non-employee directors or be an employee. The   Board is to make this choice on the basis of what is best for our Company at   a given point in time. Following the spin-off of our downstream business   Marathon Petroleum Corporation (“MPC”) on June 30, 2011 (the   “Spin-off”), Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. became chairman, president and CEO   of our Company. At that time, the Board determined that Mr. Cazalot’s   knowledge and experience gained as our president and CEO since 2002, along   with his membership on the Board since 2000, provided Mr. Cazalot with   the right level of experience and skill sets to lead the Board and our   Company. His knowledge of our Company and our industry has been and continues   to be invaluable to the Board. At the same time, Dennis H. Reilley was   appointed lead director. As a former non-executive chairman of Covidien Ltd.   and a former chairman, president and CEO of Praxair, Inc., along with   service on three other publicly-traded company boards, Mr. Reilley has   gained invaluable insight and exposure to many of the major issues we face as   a publicly-traded company. As lead director, Mr. Reilley’s duties   include presiding at executive sessions of the non-employee directors and   reviewing the Board and committee agendas with Mr. Cazalot. Mr. Reilly   was re-elected as lead director in 2012. We believe the Board leadership   structure is appropriate for us at this time. 18 Table of Contents Diversity The   Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for reviewing   with the Board the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board   members in the context of the current make-up of the Board. When we have an   opening on the Board, we will always look at a diverse pool of candidates. In   accordance with our Corporate Governance Principles, the assessment of the   Board’s characteristics includes diversity, skills, such as an   understanding of financial statements and financial reporting systems,   technology and international experience. We view and define diversity in its   broadest sense, which includes gender, ethnicity, education, experience and   leadership qualities. Linda Z. Cook is the most recently appointed member of   our board. She has valuable domestic and international oil and gas experience   and serves on the boards of three other companies. Communications from Interested Parties All   interested parties, including security holders, may send communications to   the Board through the Secretary of the Company. You may communicate with the   Chair of our Audit and Finance, Compensation, Corporate Governance and   Nominating, and Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility   Committees by sending an e-mail to auditandfinancechair@marathonoil.com,   compchair@marathonoil.com, corpgovchair@marathonoil.com, or hescrchair@marathonoil.com,   respectively. You may communicate with our outside directors, individually or   as a group, by sending an e-mail to non-managedirectors@marathonoil.com. The   Secretary will forward to the directors all communications that, in her   judgment, are appropriate for consideration by the directors. Examples of   communications that would not be considered appropriate for consideration by   the directors include commercial solicitations and matters not relevant to   the affairs of the Company. Code of Business Conduct Our   Code of Business Conduct is available on our website at   http://www.marathonoil.com/Code_of_Business_Conduct/. The Code of Business   Conduct applies to our directors, officers and employees. Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Our   Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers is available on the Company’s   website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Code_Ethics_Sr_Finan_Off/. This code   applies to the Company’s principal executive officer, principal financial   officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing   similar functions, and mandates that these officers, among other things: · act with   honesty and integrity, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent   conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; · provide full,   fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and   documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the Securities and   Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by the Company; · comply with   applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; and · promote the   prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code of Ethics to the chair   of the Audit and Finance Committee and to the appropriate person or persons   identified in the Company’s Code of Business Conduct. The   code further provides that any violation will be subject to appropriate   discipline, up to and including dismissal from the Company and prosecution   under the law. 19 Table of Contents Compensation   of Directors In   2012, a total of 7 independent, non-employee directors served on our Board   for the entire year (Mr. Boyce, Mr. Brondeau, Ms. Cook, Dr. Jackson,   Mr. Lader, Mr. Phelps and Mr. Reilley). The Board determines   annual retainers and other compensation for non-employee directors. Mr. Cazalot   is the only director who is also an employee of Marathon Oil. Directors who   are employees of Marathon Oil receive no additional compensation for their   service on the Board. 2012 Director Compensation Table Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation (3) ($) Total ($) Gregory   H. Boyce (4) 162,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 312,000 Pierre   Brondeau (4) 150,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 300,000 Linda Z.   Cook (4) 150,000 150,000 0 0 0 10,000 310,000 Shirley   Ann Jackson (4) 165,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 315,000 Philip   Lader (4) 160,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 310,000 Michael   E. J. Phelps (4) 150,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 300,000 Dennis   H. Reilley (4) 175,000 150,000 0 0 0 0 325,000 (1) The amounts shown reflect annual cash retainers, lead director fees, and committee chair retainers for 2012. Directors are eligible to defer up to 100% of their $150,000 annual cash retainer fees. (2) The amounts shown reflect the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation, for the annual non-retainer common stock award. These amounts are also equal to the grant date fair value of the awards. (3) The amounts shown represent contributions made on behalf of the directors under our matching gifts program. (4) The aggregate number of stock unit awards outstanding as of December 31, 2012 for each director is as follows: Mr. Boyce, 30,249; Mr. Brondeau, 10,873; Ms. Cook, 8,043; Dr. Jackson, 78,197; Mr. Lader, 71,302; Mr. Phelps, 26,583; and Mr. Reilley, 74,704. 20 Table of Contents In   2012, we paid our non-employee directors as follows: Annual   Cash Retainer $150,000 Annual   Common Stock Unit Award $150,000 Committee   Chair Retainer $ 15,000    Audit and Finance Committee $ 12,000    Compensation Committee $ 10,000    All other committees Lead   Director Retainer $ 15,000 Directors   do not receive meeting fees for attendance at Board or committee meetings. Non-employee   directors received an annual common stock unit award valued at $150,000.   During 2012, these awards were credited to an unfunded account on an annual   basis on the first business day of the calendar year, based on the closing   stock price on the grant date. When dividends are paid on our common stock,   directors receive dividend equivalents in the form of common stock units. The   awards vest and are payable in shares upon the earlier of (a) the third   anniversary of the grant date, or (b) the director’s departure from the   Board. Directors   have the opportunity to defer 100 percent of their annual retainer into an   unfunded account. This deferred account may be invested in certain phantom   investment options offered under the Marathon Oil Corporation Deferred   Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, which mirror the investment   options offered to employees under our Thrift Plan with the exception of   Marathon Oil common stock. When a director leaves the Board, he or she   receives cash in a lump sum. Under   our matching gifts program, each year Marathon Oil will match up to $10,000   in contributions made by non-employee directors to certain tax-exempt   educational institutions. The annual limit is applied based on the date of   the director’s gift to the institution. Due to processing delays, the actual   amount paid out on behalf of a director may exceed $10,000 in a given year. We   also have stock ownership guidelines in place for non-employee directors. All   non-employee directors are expected to hold three times the value of the   annual retainer in Marathon Oil stock. Directors have five years from the   commencement of their service on the board to achieve this level of stock   ownership. The   Board has approved the following director compensation program, effective in   2013: Annual   Cash Retainer $150,000 Annual   Common Stock Unit Award $175,000 Committee   Chair Retainer $ 15,000    Audit and Finance Committee $ 15,000    Compensation Committee $ 12,500    All other committees Lead   Director Retainer $ 20,000 21 Table of Contents Proposals of the Board The   Board will present the following proposals at the meeting: Proposal   No. 1 Election of Directors Our   Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that directors shall be   elected for terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of   stockholders. Accordingly, we have eight nominees for director whose terms   expire in 2013. Our   by-laws require the Board to fix the number of directors, and under our   Corporate Governance Principles, the Board is charged with endeavoring to   maintain between six and eleven members. The director nominees for election   are for a one-year term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders.   Of the eight current directors, one is an officer of Marathon Oil, six have   top executive experience with a wide variety of businesses, one has a distinguished   career in academia, business and government, and one has a distinguished   career as an international business leader and diplomat. A brief statement   about the background and qualifications of each nominee is given on the   following pages. If any nominee for whom you have voted becomes unable to   serve, your proxy may be voted for another person designated by the Board. Our   by-laws describe the procedures that must be used in order for someone   nominated by a stockholder of record to be eligible for election as a   director. They require that notice be received by the Secretary at least 90   days, but not more than 120 days, before the first anniversary of the date on   which we first mailed our proxy materials for the preceding year’s annual   meeting of stockholders. The notice must contain certain information about   the nominee, including his or her age, address, occupation and share   ownership, as well as the name, address and share ownership of the   stockholder giving the notice. As   explained earlier in the question and answer section of this proxy statement,   directors are elected by a majority of votes cast. For a director to be   elected, this means that the number of shares voted “for” a director must   exceed the number of votes cast “against” that director. Abstentions will not   be taken into account in director elections. Under our by-laws, if an   incumbent director who is nominated for re-election to the Board does not   receive sufficient votes to be elected, the director is required to promptly   tender his or her resignation to the Board. Our Corporate Governance and   Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to   accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be   taken. The Board will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account   the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee’s recommendation, and   publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation within 90   days from the date of the certification of the election results. In the event   of a vacancy, the Board may fill the position or decrease the size of the   Board. 22 Table of Contents Nominees for Director Terms Expire 2014 Gregory   H. Boyce Director   since 2008 Age   58 Chairman and Chief Executive   Officer of Peabody Energy Corporation Mr. Boyce received a   bachelor of science degree from the University of Arizona in mining   engineering and completed the Advance Management Program from the Graduate   School of Business at Harvard University. Mr. Boyce is Chairman and Chief   Executive Officer of Peabody Energy Corporation. He has been a director of   Peabody Energy Corporation since March 2005, and was appointed Chairman on   October 10, 2007. Mr. Boyce was named Chief Executive Officer Elect in March   2005, and assumed the position of Chief Executive Officer in January 2006. He   also served as President from October 2003 until January 6, 2008. Mr. Boyce was   Chief Operating Officer from October 2003 to December 2005. From 2000 to   2003, he served as Chief Executive Officer - Energy for Rio Tinto plc, an   international natural resource company. Mr. Boyce was President and Chief   Executive Officer of Kennecott Energy Company from 1994 to 1999 and President   of Kennecott Minerals Company from 1993 to 1994. Prior to serving as   President of Kennecott Minerals, he had extensive engineering and operating   experience with Kennecott. Mr. Boyce also served as Executive Assistant to   the Vice Chairman of Standard Oil from 1983 to 1984. He is past chairman of   the National Mining Association and is a member of the Business Round Table   and Business Council. Mr. Boyce is a member of the Coal Industry Advisory   Board of the International Energy Agency and a member of the National Coal   Council. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Washington   University of St. Louis. Mr. Boyce is a member of Civic Progress in St. Louis   and is a member of the Advisory Council of the University of Arizona’s   Department of Mining and Geological Engineering and the School of Engineering   and Applied Science National Council at Washington University. As a chief executive   officer, Mr. Boyce’s current position provides him with experience running a   major corporation with international operations. This includes developing   strategic insight and direction for his company. Global operations require a   thorough understanding of different cultures and political regimes. His   position as chief executive officer also exposes him to many of the same   issues we face in our business, including markets, competitors, operational,   regulatory, technology and financial. Pierre   Brondeau Director   since 2011 Age   55 Chairman, President and Chief   Executive Officer of FMC Corporation Mr. Brondeau earned both   a bachelor of science degree and a Ph.D from Institut National des Sciences   Appliquées of Toulouse in biochemical engineering and received a master’s   degree from the University of Montpellier, France in food sciences. He joined   FMC Corporation on January 1, 2010, as President and Chief Executive Officer   and became Chairman of the Board on October 1, 2010. Mr. Brondeau served as   President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials Division of Dow   Chemical Company until September 2009. He was President and Chief Operating   Officer of Rohm and Haas Company from May 2008, which was acquired by Dow   Chemical in April 2009. From 2006 through May 2008, Mr. Brondeau served as   Executive Vice President of electronics and specialty materials of Rohm and   Haas Company. He held numerous executive positions during his tenure at Rohm   and Haas Company from 1989 through May 2008, in Europe and the United States   with global responsibilities for marketing, sales, research and development,   engineering, technology and operations. Mr. Brondeau also serves on the Board   of Directors of TE Connectivity Ltd. He is Vice Chairman of the Board of the   American Chemistry Council. Mr. Brondeau’s years of   senior executive experience and executive leadership at large multi-national   companies and his knowledge of developing technology, finance, acquisitions   and mergers, strategic planning and regulatory issues impacting   publicly-traded companies provides a valuable resource for our Board. He also   has leadership experience serving as chairman of the board and also as a   member of the board of an electronics manufacturer with service on its audit   committee. 23 Table of Contents Nominees for Director (continued) Terms Expire 2014 Clarence   P. Cazalot, Jr. Director   since 2000 Age 62 Chairman, President and Chief   Executive Officer of Marathon Oil Corporation Mr. Cazalot graduated   from Louisiana State University in 1972 with a bachelor of science degree in   geology and joined Texaco Inc. that same year as a geophysicist. After   holding a number of increasingly responsible management positions, Mr.   Cazalot was elected a Vice President of Texaco Inc. and President of Texaco’s   Latin America/West Africa Division in 1992. In 1994, he was named President   of Texaco Exploration and Production Inc. Mr. Cazalot was appointed President   of Texaco International Marketing and Manufacturing in 1997, and in 1998 he   was named President - International Production and Chairman of London-based   Texaco Ltd. He was elected President of Texaco’s worldwide production   operations in 1999. Mr. Cazalot joined USX Corporation as Vice Chairman and   Marathon Oil Company as President in March 2000. Effective upon the   separation of USX’s steel and energy businesses on January 1, 2002, Mr.   Cazalot was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Marathon Oil   Corporation. On July 1, 2011, Mr. Cazalot also was named as Chairman of the   Board. In May 2007, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters   from Louisiana State University. He serves on the Boards of Directors of   Baker Hughes Incorporated, the American Petroleum Institute and the Greater   Houston Partnership. He is a member of The Business Roundtable and serves on   the Advisory Board of the World Affairs Council of Houston and the James A.   Baker III Institute for Public Policy. As our Chairman,   President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Cazalot sets the strategic   direction of our Company under the guidance of the Board. He has extensive   knowledge and experience in the oil and gas industry gained through the   executive and management positions with our Company and Texaco. His knowledge   and handling of the day-to-day issues affecting our business provide the   Board with invaluable information necessary to direct the business and   affairs of our Company. Linda   Z. Cook Director   since 2011 Age 54 Retired Executive Director of   Royal Dutch Shell plc Ms. Cook earned a   bachelor of science degree from University of Kansas in petroleum   engineering. She served as Executive Director of Royal Dutch Shell plc from   August 2004 to December 2009 with responsibilities for global natural gas,   trading and technology. Previously, Ms. Cook served as Director, President   and Chief Executive Officer of Shell Canada Limited from August 2003 to   August of 2004. From January 2000 to July of 2003, she served as Chief   Executive Officer for Shell Gas & Power. Ms. Cook also serves on the   Boards of Directors of The Boeing Company, KBR, Inc. and Cargill, Inc., a   privately held company. She is a member of the Board of Trustees for the   University of Kansas Endowment Association. Ms. Cook is a member of the   Society of Petroleum Engineers. Within the past five years, she previously   served on the Board of Directors of Royal Dutch Shell plc. Ms. Cook has extensive   knowledge and experience in the oil and gas industry gained through her   position as executive director of Royal Dutch Shell plc and various other   executive and management positions with Shell. As a result of these   positions, she has valuable experience in the domestic and international oil   and gas business. She also gained valuable experience in managing many of the   major issues, such as strategic, operational, technology, compensation,   management development, acquisitions, dispositions, capital allocation,   government and stockholder relations, that we deal with today. Ms. Cook’s service   on the boards of two other publicly-traded companies and one privately-held   company has provided her exposure to different industries and approaches to   governance and other key issues. 24 Table of Contents Nominees for Director (continued) Terms Expire 2014 Shirley   Ann Jackson Director   since 2000 Age 66 President of Rensselaer   Polytechnic Institute Dr. Jackson received a   bachelor of science degree in physics in 1968 and a doctorate in theoretical   elementary particle physics in 1973 from the Massachusetts Institute of   Technology. She was a research associate at the Fermi National Accelerator   Laboratory, a visiting scientist at the European Center for Nuclear Research   and, from 1976 to 1991, a theoretical physicist at the former AT&T Bell   Laboratories. Dr. Jackson was a professor of theoretical physics at Rutgers   University from 1991 to 1995. She was Chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory   Commission from 1995 to 1999. Dr. Jackson was named President of Rensselaer   Polytechnic Institute in 1999. Dr. Jackson holds 51 honorary degrees, was   awarded the New Jersey Governor’s Award in Science in 1993, was inducted into   the National Women’s Hall of Fame in 1998 and was named a fellow of the   Association for Women in Science in 2004. In 2005, she chaired the American   Association for the Advancement of Science, was President in 2004, and   currently is a fellow. Dr. Jackson is a member of the National Academy of   Engineering, and the American Philosophical Society, and is a fellow of the   Royal Academy of Engineering (U.K.), the American Academy of Arts and Science   and of the American Physical Society. In 2009 she was appointed to serve on   the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST). In   2011, Dr. Jackson was appointed to the International Security Advisory Board   (ISAB) at the U.S. Department of State, advising the Secretary of State and   the Undersecretary for Arms Control and International Security. She serves on   the Boards of Directors of FedEx Corporation, International Business Machines   Corporation, Medtronic, Inc. and Public Service Enterprise Group   Incorporated. She is former Chairman of NYSE Regulation, Inc. Within the past   five years, Dr. Jackson also previously served as a director of NYSE   Euronext. She is a member of the Board of the Council on Foreign Relations,   the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and a life member of the   M.I.T. Corporation. Dr. Jackson also serves as the University Vice Chairman   of the U.S. Council on Competitiveness, and co-chaired its Energy Security,   Sustainability and Innovation initiative. Through her current   position as President of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, former position as   Chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and other appointments and   positions, Dr. Jackson has managed many of the major issues, such as   financial, strategic, technology, regulatory, compensation, personnel development,   capital allocation and public relations, that we deal with today. She has   particular experience with energy policy, technology and management of large   projects. Also, her previous and current board positions on other   publicly-traded companies have provided over 30 years of audit committee   experience, including as chair, compensation committee experience and   governance and nominating committee experience, including as chair. This   experience has given her exposure to different industries and approaches to   governance and other key issues. Philip   Lader Director   since 2002 Age 66 Non-executive Chairman of WPP   plc Ambassador Lader   received a bachelor’s degree from Duke University (Phi Beta Kappa), a   master’s degree from the University of Michigan and a Juris Doctor degree   from Harvard Law School, and completed graduate studies in law at Oxford   University. Awarded honorary doctorates by 14 universities and colleges, he   served as U.S. Ambassador to the Court of St. James’s from 1997 through 2001   and was Assistant to the President and White House Deputy Chief of Staff,   Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Administrator of   the U.S. Small Business Administration. Formerly President of Sea Pines   Company, Executive Vice President of Sir James Goldsmith’s U.S. holding   company, and president of universities in Australia and South Carolina. He   currently is non-executive Chairman of WPP plc, the global   advertising/communications services company, which includes J. Walter Thompson,   Ogilvy & Mather, Young & Rubicam, Hill & Knowlton, Grey Global   and Burson-Marsteller, among other international marketing/media services   companies. Ambassador Lader is a senior advisor to Morgan Stanley and a   partner in the law firm of Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough. He also   serves on the Boards of Directors of AES Corporation and United Company RusAl   Plc. Ambassador Lader was Vice Chairman of RAND Corporation and is a member   of the Boards of Trustees of the Smithsonian Museum of American History and   The Atlantic Council, as well as a member of the Council on Foreign   Relations. Within the past five years, Ambassador Lader served as a director   for Songbird Estates plc (Canary Wharf) and Lloyd’s (of London). Through his positions as   chairman of the world’s largest marketing and media services company, senior-level   U.S. government appointments, partner at a major law firm and other   appointments and positions, Ambassador Lader has valuable experience and   knowledge managing many of the major issues we face as a publicly-traded   company. He has extensive experience with public policy matters, which   uniquely qualify him to serve as Chairman of our Health, Environmental,   Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee. Ambassador Lader’s other board   positions have given him exposure to different industries and approaches to   governance and other key issues. 25 Table of Contents Nominees for Director (continued) Terms Expire 2014 Michael   E. J. Phelps Director   since 2009 Age 65 Chairman and Founder of Dornoch   Capital, Inc. Mr. Phelps received a   bachelor’s degree from the University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Canada, in 1967.   He earned a bachelor’s degree in Law in 1970 from the University of Manitoba.   In 1971, he attended the London School of Economics and Political Science in   London and received a master’s of law degree. Mr. Phelps was awarded honorary   doctorates by three universities. Mr. Phelps is chairman and founder of   Dornoch Capital, Inc., a private investment company based in Vancouver,   British Columbia. Prior to forming Dornoch in 2002, he worked for Westcoast   Energy, Inc., a natural gas company with operations across North America and   interests in international energy companies in Mexico, Indonesia, China and   Australia. Mr. Phelps joined Westcoast in 1982 as a corporate development   executive. In 1987, he was promoted to chief financial officer and 18 months   later, was named president and CEO. In 1992, he was named chairman and CEO, a   position he held until the company was sold to Duke Energy Corporation in   2002. Mr. Phelps serves as a director of Spectra Energy Corporation. Within   the past five years, he served as a director of Canfor Corporation, Canadian   Pacific Railway Company and Prodigy Gold Incorporated (formerly Kodiak   Exploration Ltd.). Mr. Phelps also serves as a director of Vancouver Hospital   Foundation and previously served as Chair from 2010 to 2012. He is a member   of the North American Advisory Board of the London School of Economics and is   a Special Advisor to Nomura Canada, Inc. Through his position as   chairman and founder of a private investment company, chairman and CEO of a   natural gas company with international operations, and other executive and   management positions, Mr. Phelps has valuable experience dealing with   operations in Canada and other international locations. This is extremely   beneficial due to our Canadian oil sands and other international operations.   His previous and current positions on the boards of six other publicly-traded   companies have given him exposure to different industries and approaches to   governance and other key issues. Dennis   H. Reilley Director   since 2002 Age 59 Former Non-executive Chairman   of Covidien Ltd. Mr. Reilley graduated   from Oklahoma State University with a bachelor’s degree in finance in 1975.   He began working at Conoco, Inc. in 1975 as a pipeline engineer and in 1979   was promoted to executive assistant to the Chairman. Mr. Reilley held many   key positions at E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Company, which purchased   Conoco in 1981. He held senior management positions in DuPont’s Chemicals and   Specialties business including vice president and general manager of   Specialty Chemicals. In May 1999, he was appointed executive vice president   and chief operating officer of DuPont with responsibility for pigments and   chemicals, specialty polymers, nylon and polyester. Mr. Reilley became   chairman, president and chief executive officer of Praxair, Inc. in 2000.   From March 1, 2006 through December 2006, he held the positions of chairman   and chief executive officer and through April 2007 served as chairman. Mr.   Reilley served as non-executive chairman of Covidien Ltd. from June 29, 2007   through September 30, 2008. Mr. Reilley serves on the Boards of Directors of   H. J. Heinz Co., Dow Chemical Company and Covidien Ltd. Mr. Reilley is a   former Chairman of the American Chemistry Council. Mr. Reilley has over 34   years of executive and management experience in the oil, petrochemical and   chemical industries. As a result of his positions as chairman, president and   CEO of Praxair and other executive and management positions, Mr. Reilley has   valuable experience in managing many of the major issues that we face as a   publicly-traded company in the oil and gas industry. His service on three   other publicly-traded company boards has given him valuable insight and   exposure to different industries and approaches to governance and other key   issues. Mr. Reilley also has a valuable financial background from his   education and work experiences. 26 Table of Contents Proposals of the Board (continued) Proposal   No. 2 Ratification of Independent   Auditor for 2013 The   Audit and Finance Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”)   an independent registered public accounting firm, as our independent auditor   to audit the Company’s books and accounts for the year ending December 31,   2013. PwC served as our independent auditor in 2012 and for many years prior   thereto. While the Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for appointing,   replacing, compensating and overseeing the work of the independent auditor,   we are requesting, as a matter of good corporate governance, that the   stockholders ratify the appointment of PwC as our independent auditor for   2013.  We believe the appointment of PwC   as our independent auditor is in the Company’s best interests and in the best   interests of our stockholders. If the stockholders fail to ratify this   appointment, the Audit and Finance Committee will reconsider whether to   retain PwC and may retain that firm or another firm without resubmitting the   matter to our stockholders. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit   and Finance Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of a   different independent auditor at any time during the year if it determines   that such change would be in the Company’s best interests and in the best   interests of our stockholders. We   expect representatives of PwC to be present at the meeting with an   opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and to be available   to respond to appropriate questions from our stockholders. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote   FOR the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company’s Independent Auditor for 2013. 27 Table of Contents Proposals of the Board (continued) Proposal   No. 3 Say on Executive Pay Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our   Named Executive Officers In   accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, and as a matter of good   corporate governance, we seek your advisory vote to approve the compensation   of our named executive officers and ask that you support the compensation of   our named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement. Currently,   we seek the advisory vote of our stockholders to approve the compensation of   our named executive officers annually and expect that the next such advisory   vote will be held at our annual meeting in 2014. Although   this vote is non-binding, the Compensation Committee values your opinion and   will consider the voting results when making future decisions about executive   compensation. Additionally,   we think that constructive dialogue with our stockholders provides meaningful   feedback about specific executive compensation practices and programs and   encourage stockholders to communicate directly with both management and the   Committee about executive compensation. Stockholders may contact the Chairman   of the Committee to provide input on executive compensation matters at any   time by email: compchair@marathonoil.com. Stockholders   may also contact management to provide input on executive compensation   matters at any time by contacting Howard J. Thill, Vice   President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs by email:  hjthill@marathonoil.com. As   described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Compensation   Committee, comprised entirely of independent directors, has effectively   established executive compensation programs that reflect both company and   individual performance. Executive compensation decisions are made in order to   attract, retain and motivate talented executives to deliver business results   and value to our stockholders. Our   Compensation Committee consistently exercises great care and discipline in   determining executive compensation. We therefore ask that stockholders   approve the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed   pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion   and Analysis and the accompanying tables. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote   FOR Proposal No. 3 approving these executive compensation matters. 28 Table of Contents Proposal   of Stockholders Proposal   No. 4 Lobbying Report The   New York State Common Retirement Fund, 633 Third Avenue, 31 st Floor, New York, New York, owner of   2,656,938 shares of common stock, has given notice that it intends to present   the following proposal at the annual meeting of stockholders.  In accordance with applicable proxy   regulations, the proposal and supporting statement, for which the Company   accepts no responsibility, are set forth below. Whereas, corporate   lobbying exposes our company to risks that could affect the company’s stated   goals, objectives, and ultimately shareholder value and Whereas, we rely on   the information provided by our company to evaluate goals and objectives, and   we, therefore, have a strong interest in full disclosure of our company’s   lobbying to assess whether our company’s lobbying is consistent with its   expressed goals and in the best interests of shareholders and long-term   value. Resolved, the   shareholders of Marathon Oil Corporation (“Marathon”) request the Board   authorize the preparation of a report, updated annually, disclosing: 1. Company policy and procedures governing lobbying, both direct and   indirect, and grassroots lobbying communications. 2. Payments by   Marathon used for (a) direct or indirect lobbying or (b) grassroots   lobbying communications, in each case including the amount of the payment and   the recipient. 3. Marathon’s   membership in and payments to any tax-exempt organization that writes and   endorses model legislation. 4. Description   of the decision making process and oversight by management and the Board for   making payments described in section 2 above. For   purpose of this proposal, a “grassroots lobbying communication” is a   communication directed to the general public that (a) refers to specific   legislation or regulation, (b) reflects a view on the legislation or   regulation and (c) encourages the recipient of the communication to take   action with respect to the legislation or regulation. “Indirect lobbying” is   lobbying engaged in by a trade association or other organization of which MRO   is a member. Both   “direct and indirect lobbying” and “grassroots lobbying communications”   include efforts at the local, state and federal levels. The   report shall be presented to the Audit Committee or other relevant oversight   committees of the Board and posted on the company’s website. Supporting   Statement As   shareholders, we encourage transparency and accountability in the use of   staff time and corporate funds to influence legislation and regulation both   directly and indirectly. We believe such disclosure is in shareholders’ best   interests.  Marathon is a member of the   American Petroleum Institute (“API”), which spent more than $12 million on   lobbying in 2010-2011. 29 Table of Contents Proposal of Stockholders (continued) Marathon   also participates in the National Association of Manufacturers, and the   controversial US-Libya Business Association   (http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-06-14/qaddafi-coddled-by-u-s-oil-whose-hearts-are-where-the-money-is.html).   Marathon does not disclose its trade association payments or the portions   used for lobbying or its website. Absent a system of accountability, company   assets could be used for objectives contrary to Marathon’s long-term   interests. Marathon   spent approximately $8.28 million in 2010 and 2011 on direct federal lobbying   activities (opensecrets.org) and hired lobbyists in 16 states   (followthemoney.org). These figures may not include grassroots lobbying to   directly influence legislation by mobilizing public support or opposition and   do not include lobbying in states that do not require disclosure. Marathon   does not disclose membership in or contributions to tax-exempt organizations   that write and endorse model legislation, such as serving on a task force of   the American Legislative Exchange Council. We   encourage our Board to require comprehensive disclosure related to direct,   indirect and grassroots lobbying. 30 Table of Contents YOUR   BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL SEEKING A COMPANY REPORT ON CORPORATE LOBBYING EXPENDITURES, POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. We   believe that the adoption of this proposal is unnecessary and should be   evaluated in the context of our current disclosures regarding lobbying   policies, practices and procedures. We are committed to adhering to the   highest ethical standards when engaging in lobbying activities and complying   with the letter and spirit of all laws and regulations governing those   activities.  We do not believe a   special report beyond our current voluntary and mandatory disclosures is   either necessary or an efficient use of Company resources. Information   regarding our political and lobbying policies, practices and procedures is   available in various forms on our website at www.marathonoil.com. The Health,   Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of   Directors is responsible for maintaining an oversight function regarding   political contributions. This oversight function includes lobbying   expenditures, which are periodically reported to the committee. The Code of   Business Conduct (“Code”) lays the foundation for our business practices and   decisions. As disclosed in the Code, no Company funds, property or services   may be used to help nominate or elect any candidate to public office or   support any referendum or other issue-related campaign or to support any   political party without the approval of our CEO or Vice President, Public   Policy. Our Government Affairs Organization arranges all lobbying contact   with U.S. federal legislators, federal executive branch officials or their   staff members or state or local government officials. As stated in the 2011   Living Our Values Corporate Social Responsibility Report, our objectives   include ensuring compliance with relevant laws, regulations and policies. We   believe this satisfies the essential objectives of the stockholder proposal. Our   federal lobbying expenditures are publicly disclosed to Congress. These   quarterly, semi-annual, and annual filings report the Company’s federal   lobbying expenditures on an aggregate basis, and include consulting services,   federal grassroots lobbying, direct contact lobbying, and trade association dues   attributable to federal lobbying. These reports are publicly available and   can be found on the websites of the Office of the Secretary of the U.S.   Senate and the Office of the Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives. As   previously stated, our policy is to comply with all federal, state and local   lobbying and ethics laws where we operate. Our registered lobbyists are also   required to comply with all federal, state and local lobbying and ethics laws   and related reporting obligations in accordance with our agreements with   them. Currently, the Company or its registered lobbyists provide disclosures   on lobbying activities in the states where we do business.  In some states where we have lobbying   activities, no report is required to be filed by the Company, but the   Company’s registered lobbyists are required to report certain lobbying   expenditures and activities made on our behalf. These reports can be found in   the public domain on the states’ websites. As   illustrated above, we are committed to providing transparency and   accountability regarding our lobbying activities and complying with the   letter and spirit of all laws and regulations governing these activities.   Therefore, we believe that the adoption of this proposal is unnecessary and   not in the best interests of our Company or stockholders. We urge you to vote   against the proposal. For the reasons stated above, your Board of   Directors recommends a vote AGAINST Proposal No. 4. 31 Table of Contents Audit   and Finance Committee Report Our   committee has reviewed and discussed Marathon Oil’s audited financial   statements and its report on internal control over financial reporting for   2012 with Marathon Oil’s management. We have discussed with the independent   auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”), the matters required to be   discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board’s AU Section 380   (Communication with Audit Committees). We have received the written   disclosures and the letter from PwC required by the applicable requirements   of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for independent auditor   communications with Audit Committees concerning independence. Based on the   review and discussions referred to above, we recommended to the Board that   the audited financial statements and the report on internal control over   financial reporting for Marathon Oil be included in the Company’s Annual   Report on Form 10-K for 2012 for filing with the Securities and Exchange   Commission. Shirley   Ann Jackson, Chair Gregory   H. Boyce Linda   Z. Cook Michael   E. J. Phelps Dennis   H. Reilley 32 Table of Contents Information Regarding the Independent Registered Public Accounting   Firm’s Fees, Services and Independence Independent Auditor Fees and Services Aggregate fees for professional services rendered for the Company by   PricewaterhouseCoopers for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011   were: 2012 (in 000’s) 2011 (in 000’s) Audit $ 6,990 $ 6,130 Audit-Related 890 59 Tax Tax Compliance 265 396 Other Tax 620 - All Other 7 18 Total (1) $ 8,772 $ 6,603 (1) The Audit and Finance Committee adopted   the Audit and Finance Committee Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit,   Audit-Related, Tax and Permissible Non-Audit Services. This policy is   attached as Appendix I to this proxy statement. The Audit and Finance   Committee has pre-approved all the fees and services for 2012 and 2011. The   Audit and Finance Committee did not utilize the de minimus exception in   either year. The Audit fees for the   years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were for professional services   rendered for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and audit of   internal control over financial reporting of the Company, statutory and   regulatory audits, issuance of comfort letters, consents, and assistance with   and review of documents filed with the SEC. The Audit-Related fees   for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were for assurance and   related services related to employee benefit plan audits, attest services   that are not required by statute or regulation, and consultations concerning   financial accounting and reporting standards. The Tax fees for the   years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were for services related to tax   compliance, including the preparation of tax returns and claims for refund,   and tax planning and tax advice, including assistance with and representation   in tax audits and appeals, and requests for rulings or technical advice from   tax authorities. The All   Other fees for the years ended December 31, 2012   and 2011 were for services rendered for accounting research, internal audit   software licenses and other projects. Compatibility of PricewaterhouseCoopers’   Services with its Independence The Audit and Finance Committee has considered whether   PricewaterhouseCoopers is independent for purposes of providing external   audit services to the Company, and the committee has determined that it is. 33 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Certain   Beneficial Owners The following table furnishes information concerning all persons   known to Marathon Oil to beneficially own five percent or more of the common   stock of Marathon Oil: Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Outstanding Shares Blackrock, Inc. (1) 40 East 52 nd Street New York, NY 10022 67,223,180 (1) 9.52% (1) (1) Based on the Schedule 13G/A dated   February 4, 2013 (filed: January 31, 2013) which indicates that it   was filed by Blackrock, Inc. According to such Schedule 13G/A,   Blackrock, Inc., through itself and being the parent holding company or   control person over each of the following subsidiaries: Blackrock Advisors,   LLC, Blackrock Capital Management, Inc., Blackrock Financial   Management, Inc., Blackrock Investment Management, LLC, Blackrock   Investment Management (Australia) Limited, Blackrock Investment Management   (Korea) Ltd., Blackrock (Luxembourg) S.A., Blackrock (Netherlands) B.V.,   Blackrock Fund Managers Limited, Blackrock Life Limited, Blackrock Asset   Management Australia Limited, Blackrock Asset Management Canada Limited,   Blackrock Asset Management Ireland Limited, Blackrock (Singapore) Limited,   Blackrock Advisors (UK) Limited, Blackrock Fund Advisors, Blackrock   International Limited, Blackrock Institutional Trust Company, N.A., Blackrock   Japan Co. Ltd., and Blackrock Investment Management (UK) Limited, each   individually owning less than 5% is deemed to beneficially own 67,223,180   shares, and has sole voting power over 67,223,180 shares, shared voting power   over no shares, sole dispositive power over 67,223,180 shares, and shared   dispositive power over no shares. 34 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Directors and   Executive Officers The following table sets forth the number of shares of Marathon Oil   common stock beneficially owned as of January 31, 2013, except as   otherwise noted, by each director, by each executive officer named in the   Summary Compensation Table and by all directors and executive officers as a   group. In calculating the percentage of outstanding stock, each listed   person’s stock options or stock-settled stock appreciation rights that are or   may be exercisable within sixty days have been added to the total outstanding   shares. Name Shares Restricted Stock (4) Stock Options/ Stock Settled SARs Exercisable Prior to 4/1/13 (5)(6) Total Shares (7) % of Total Outstanding (8) Gregory H. Boyce 45,778 (2) 45,778 * Pierre Brondeau 16,402 (2) 16,402 * Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. 969,349 3,079,871 4,049,220 * Linda Z. Cook 13,573 (2) 13,573 * Shirley Ann Jackson 86,101 (2)(3) 86,101 * Philip Lader 81,851 (2)(3) 81,851 * Michael E.J. Phelps 32,112 (2) 32,112 * Dennis H. Reilley 84,433 (2)(3) 84,433 * Eileen M. Campbell 76,504 (3) 17,170 153,251 246,925 * Janet F. Clark 185,843 53,641 642,108 881,592 * Sylvia J. Kerrigan 19,255 (3) 29,239 153,210 201,704 * David E. Roberts, Jr. (1) 63,856 (3) 405,193 469,049 * Michael K. Stewart 12,936 (3) 26,398 118,636 157,970 * All   Directors and Executive Officers as a group (19 persons) (2)(3)(4)(5)(6) 6,967,077 (6) * (1) David E. Roberts, Jr. resigned on December 14, 2012.  Mr. Roberts’ information is as of December 14, 2012 and includes vested stock options that were eligible for exercise within ninety days from the date of his resignation. (2) Includes deferrals of annual retainers into common stock units under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and the 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan prior to January 1, 2006, and non-retainer annual director stock awards in common stock units, including the 2013 award of common stock units, under the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan and the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, including their respective dividend equivalent rights allocated in common stock units, as follows: Name Annual Retainer Deferred Into Common Stock Units Non-Retainer Annual Common Stock Units Gregory   H. Boyce 0 35,777 Pierre   Brondeau 0 16,402 Linda   Z. Cook 0 13,573 Shirley   Ann Jackson 24,446 59,281 Philip   Lader 17,551 59,281 Michael   E.J. Phelps 0 32,112 Dennis   H. Reilley 20,952 59,281 (3) Includes shares held under the Marathon Oil Thrift Plan, the Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan, and the Non-Employee Director Stock Plan. (4) Reflects shares of restricted stock granted under the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan and the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, which are subject to limits on sale and transfer and can be forfeited under certain conditions. (5) The number of shares shown includes the shares each person would have received had they exercised their stock-settled SARs based on the fair market value (i.e., closing price) of Marathon Oil’s common stock on January 31, 2013. (6) Includes vested options exercisable within sixty days of January 31, 2013, including the following number of options that are not-in-the-money as of January 31, 2013: C. P. Cazalot, Jr.: 652,130; E. M. Campbell: 38,449; J. F. Clark: 109,579; S. J. Kerrigan: 30,334; D. E. Roberts, Jr.: 90,788; M. K. Stewart: 19,291 and all other executive officers as a group: 77,121. (7) None of the shares are pledged as security. * (8) The percentage of shares beneficially owned by each director or nominee, or each executive officer does not exceed one percent of the common shares outstanding, and the percentage of shares beneficially owned by all directors and executive officers of the Company, as a group, does not exceed one percent of the common shares outstanding. 35 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting   Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that the   Company’s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten   percent of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, file   reports of beneficial ownership on Form 3 and changes in beneficial   ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the Securities and Exchange   Commission. Based solely on the Company’s review of the reporting forms and   written representations provided to the Company from the individuals required   to file reports, the Company believes that each of its directors and   executive officers has complied with the applicable reporting requirements   for transactions in the Company’s securities during the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2012. 36 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Report Our committee has reviewed and discussed Marathon Oil’s Compensation   Discussion and Analysis report for 2012 with Marathon Oil’s management. Based   on the review and discussions, the Compensation Committee has recommended to   the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis report   be included in the Company’s 2013 Proxy Statement. Gregory H. Boyce, Chair Pierre Brondeau Linda Z. Cook Shirley Ann Jackson Philip Lader Dennis H. Reilley 37 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Introduction This Compensation Discussion and Analysis   (“CD&A”) describes the compensation paid to the named executive officers   (also referred to as “NEOs”) listed below and in the Summary Compensation   Table on page 58: Name Title Mr. C. P. Cazalot, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ms. J. F. Clark Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   Officer Ms. S. J. Kerrigan* Executive Vice President, General Counsel and   Secretary Mr. M. K. Stewart Vice President, Accounting & Finance,   Controller & Treasurer Ms. E. M. Campbell Vice President, Public Policy Mr. D. E. Roberts, Jr.** Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Officer *In October 2012, Ms. Kerrigan was elected   Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. **Effective December 14, 2012, Mr. Roberts   resigned from the Company. When we refer to “named executive officers” throughout this   disclosure, we are referring to all six executive officers listed above. Executive   Summary and 2012 Company Highlights The purpose of our executive compensation program is to motivate   long-term organizational and individual performance that is aligned with our   corporate goals and in the long-term best interests of our stockholders.  We use traditional compensation elements of   base salary, annual incentives, long-term incentives, and employee benefits   to deliver competitive and performance-based compensation.  In evaluating the appropriateness of pay,   we benchmark compensation against our industry peers.  All of our pay decisions for named   executive officers are made by our Compensation Committee (the “Committee”),   with input from its independent consultant.    When setting compensation levels, we generally reference the market   median, with higher or lower amounts determined based on experience and   performance in the role. The Committee did not make any significant   adjustments to our compensation programs in 2012. Business Highlights From a business perspective, 2012 was a year of successful transition   for Marathon Oil.  We completed our   first full year as an independent exploration and production (“E&P”), or   upstream, company after 87 years as an integrated oil and gas company.  Production available for sale increased by   8% to 427,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (“boed”) (excluding   Libya).  We replaced 226% of our 2012   total production from our E&P and Oil Sands Mining segments, increasing   our total proved reserves to 2.0 billion barrels of oil equivalent (boe), up   from 1.8 billion boe at year end 2011, and representing our highest level of   proved reserves in 40 years. Our 2012 performance was supported by our base assets in North   America, Africa, and Europe that are characterized by safe and reliable   operations and continue to generate substantial free cash flow for investment   in future growth opportunities.  Our   strong position in three of the highest-value resource plays – the Eagle Ford   shale in south Texas, the Bakken shale in North Dakota, and the Oklahoma   Resource Basins – has established a 10-year plus drilling inventory across   these plays at current rig levels. During the last fiscal year, we   significantly 38 Table of Contents improved net production in each region, with Eagle Ford net   production increasing more than four-fold from approximately 15,000 boed in   December 2011 to more than 65,000 boed in December 2012. Building upon our substantial investment in 2011, we completed   targeted acquisitions in the Eagle Ford of approximately $1 billion in 2012   which added additional acreage in this premier U.S. liquids play.  In August, we acquired over 17,100 net   acres from Paloma Partners II LLC and we recently closed another acquisition   of 4,300 net acres.  To support   production growth in the Eagle Ford operating area, we expanded midstream infrastructure,   installing approximately 370 miles of gathering lines. In 2012, we spud 392 gross operated wells in U.S. resource plays,   compared to 123 in 2011.  Similarly, we   recorded more than 95% average operational availability for all major   company-operated E&P assets and experienced strong safety performance   during a period of organizational transformation and increasing external   pressures. Key activities related to our global exploration program included our   re-entry into Gabon, a farmout agreement with Total S.A. in Kurdistan, and   our recent exploration investments in Ethiopia and Kenya where we see   significant resource potential. Overall, we achieved strong operational results while remaining   disciplined financially and making continued progress toward the previously   stated goal of divesting $1.5-$3 billion of non-core assets through   2013.  Finally, in early 2013, the   Board increased our quarterly dividend 13% to $0.17 per share. As evidence of these business and operational successes, three-year   annual total shareholder return of 83.5% ranked 1st among our Peer Group of   twelve oil and gas E&P companies (including Marathon Oil). Compensation Highlights Key performance-related compensation outcomes for 2012 included the   following: · Annual cash   bonus payments above target based on overall performance achievement   exceeding 2012 target objectives, and · Performance   unit payouts at target based on our third place rank among our Peer Group for   the performance period associated with these awards. Pay For Performance Overall, the Committee believes that our programs benefit our   stockholders through stringent pay-for-performance requirements, while also   competing effectively for highly sought executive talent.  To further demonstrate this performance   philosophy, the following chart tracks our Chief Executive Officer’s   (“CEO’s”) Total Annual Compensation with changes in our stock price over the   last four years.  Since 2006, our CEO’s   long-term incentive compensation has consisted only of stock options and   performance units, the latter of which will require the Company to meet   relative shareholder return criteria to earn any payout.  Total Annual Compensation includes all cash   compensation received from salary, bonuses, and performance unit payouts each   year, as well as the value of the equity awards that vested in each year. 39 Table of Contents For purposes of this graph, CEO Total Annual Compensation is   comprised of the components described below: · “Base” means   base salary paid during each calendar year. · “Bonus” means   the annual cash bonus paid for each calendar year, typically paid in the   first quarter of the following year. · “Equity   Vested” means the value of the equity that vested each year as of the vesting   date.  For stock options, the value   shown is based on the amount, if any, that the stock option price on an   option’s vesting date exceeds the option’s exercise price; for options where the   exercise price exceeds the stock price on the vesting date, the value shown   is $0. (This number differs from the grant date fair value of stock and stock   option awards granted in each year which appears in the Summary Compensation   Table.) · “Performance   Units” means the value of the performance earned as of the last date of each   grant’s performance period.    Performance Units generated zero payout for the 2007-2009 and   2008-2010 performance periods. · “Accelerated   Units” means the value of the prorated performance unit payout made in 2011   upon the Spin-off of MPC.  The original   performance periods of these units were 2010-2012 and 2011-2013.  This acceleration reduced total compensation   opportunities payable for performance periods ending in 2012 and 2013. 40 Table of Contents · “Stock Price   per Share” means for 2012, the closing price of the Company’s common stock on   December 31, 2012.  For the years   preceding 2012, it is the closing price for December 31 of that year,   adjusted for a stock split and dividend distributions.  For purposes of this calculation, the   Spin-off of MPC was treated as a dividend equal to one-half of MPC’s closing   “when issued” share price on June 30, 2011.    Cash dividend adjustments were calculated based on the dividend as a   percentage of the Company’s closing stock price immediately preceding the   ex-dividend date. Governance   and Risk Management Highlights The Committee regularly evaluates and considers the role that   executive compensation programs play in ensuring that our officers take only   appropriate and prudent risks, and that compensation opportunities do not   motivate excessive risk-taking.  Below   are some of the practices we employ. · All executive   officer compensation decisions are made by the Committee, which is comprised   of six independent directors. · Our Committee   is advised by an independent compensation consultant that performs no other   work for executive management or our Company. · Our   executives do not have employment agreements. · The Committee   manages our compensation programs to be competitive with those of peer   companies and monitors our programs against trends in executive compensation   on an annual basis. · Our   compensation programs appropriately balance short-term and long-term   incentives. · Our annual   cash bonus program is based on a balanced set of metrics, which are objective   and not significantly influenced by commodity prices.  In addition, the Committee considers the   achievement of individual performance commitments and overall corporate   performance. · Annual cash   bonuses are paid only after the Audit and Finance Committee of our Board has   reviewed our audited financial statements for the performance year. · Our clawback   policy applies to both annual cash bonuses and long-term incentives and would generally be triggered with respect   to an executive officer in the event of a material accounting restatement due   to noncompliance with financial reporting requirements, or the commission of   fraud by such executive officer. 41 Table of Contents Our Compensation Objectives Our   executive compensation program is designed to further our corporate goal of   delivering long-term value through focused execution. It enables us to retain leaders who possess a high level of technical   expertise and a long-term focus, both of which are critical to success in our   industry. Specific compensation objectives and related plan features   include: Objective How We Meet Our Objectives Attract and retain talented and experienced leadership who directly   impact our current and future success · We offer a market-competitive total pay opportunity that provides   incentives for executive leaders to accept the responsibilities and risks   associated with their positions · We regularly benchmark   each component of our pay program against the competitive market, and then   consider the results of this analysis in making any adjustments · We administer plans to   provide competitive benefit programs, including retirement, health, and   welfare Motivate and reward for achievement of specific financial goals and   operational successes · We emphasize achievement of specific goals by providing variable,   performance-based compensation · Our annual incentive   program includes specific financial and operational performance measures Create strong financial incentive to build long-term stockholder   value · We link a significant part of total target compensation to financial   and stock price performance – over 90% of CEO compensation mix is variable   and performance-based · We deliver 100% of CEO   long-term incentives in the form of stock options and performance units tied   to relative stockholder returns Align executive and stockholder interests · Emphasizing long-term shareowner returns, we encourage significant   stock ownership among executives: · The realized value of all   of our annual long-term incentive grants is driven by stock price performance · We maintain stock   ownership requirements for our executive officers All named executive officers are covered by the   same compensation plans, policies, and practices, except that Mr. Cazalot,   our Chairman, President and CEO, does not receive restricted stock. 42 Table of Contents Peer Group Peer   group benchmarking is one of several factors considered in our pay setting   processes.  The table below lists the industry   companies the Committee believes provide the best external benchmarks for   executive compensation, referred to as our “Peer Group.”  In selecting the Peer Group, the Committee   considered pertinent financial measures for each company including assets,   revenue, market capitalization and enterprise value. In   2011, the Committee approved our Peer Group which reflected the companies   against which we compete as an independent E&P company.  The Committee did not make any changes to   the Peer Group in 2012 and will review the Peer Group on an annual basis for   continued appropriateness. Peer Group Companies Anadarko Petroleum Corp. Encana   Corp. Noble   Energy Inc. Apache   Corp. EOG   Resources Inc. Occidental   Petroleum Corp. Chesapeake   Energy Corp. Hess   Corp. Talisman   Energy Devon   Energy Corp. Murphy   Oil Corp. Competitive Positioning Due   to the technical requirements and long-term capital commitments inherent in   our business, we operate in a highly competitive environment for talented executive   leadership.  Annually, the Committee   compares the competitiveness of our executive compensation to the Peer Group   and examines the overall effectiveness of our compensation programs. Compensation   Philosophy Our   compensation philosophy is to provide market-based, competitive compensation   that supports our business strategy, delivers pay that aligns with results   achieved, and aligns executive leadership with stockholder interests.  We generally target a total direct   compensation opportunity at the 50 th percentile of the Peer Group (the “50 th percentile”) for average performance with   higher or lower targeted compensation determined based on individual   experience, internal parity with other executives, and performance in the   role.  We define total direct   compensation as the sum of base salary, annual bonus, and long-term   incentives. Compensation   Benchmarking Process The   Committee makes an annual comparison of the compensation of our named   executive officers to the compensation of executives with similar job   responsibilities among our Peer Group.    The Committee’s independent compensation consultant, Meridian   Compensation Partners LLC (“Meridian”), gathers and reports this information   for the Committee.  The Committee   references this competitive market analysis in making compensation decisions   for the coming year. In late 2011, Meridian provided the Committee a   market analysis that included information regarding Peer Group base   salaries, annual bonus levels and the mix and level of long-term incentives.  The   Committee used this analysis as one tool in evaluating our compensation   practices and competitive pay levels for our named executive officers and   making appropriate compensation decisions for 2012. 43 Table of Contents A   comparison of 2012 target total direct compensation to the Peer Group 50 th percentile for our named executive officers   is shown in the table below.  For purposes   of this CD&A, we use the term “Market” to refer to the 50 th percentile of similar positions within the   Peer Group. Name Total Target Compensation % of Market Mr. Cazalot $14,290,000 108% Ms. Clark $3,426,000 115% Ms. Kerrigan $2,902,500 100% Mr. Stewart $1,748,000 123% Ms. Campbell $1,456,500 95% Mr. Roberts $5,255,000 98% Decisions   regarding base salaries, target bonus opportunities and long-term incentive   awards were made in February 2012; and decisions regarding the payment   of 2012 annual cash bonus awards were made in February 2013, after 2012   business results were completed and measured.    In connection with her position change to Executive Vice President in   October 2012, Ms. Kerrigan’s bonus target was adjusted from 70% to   85%. Pay   Mix The   table below provides the 2012 target mix of total direct compensation   components of our named executive officers as compared to the median mix of   our Peer Group.  The allocation of our   compensation components, with a significant emphasis on long-term incentives,   aligns with the practices of our Peer Group. CEO Other NEOs Marathon Oil Peer Group Marathon Oil Peer Group Base Salary 10% 10% 19% 17% Short-Term Incentives 13% 12% 16% 13% Long-Term Incentives 77% 78% 65% 70% Similarly,   the graphs below illustrate the components of compensation for our named   executive officers. Variable   compensation, which includes annual cash bonus and long-term incentives,   represents 90% of total target compensation for Mr. Cazalot, and 81% of   total target compensation for our other named executive officers.  We do not set fixed percentages for each   element of compensation, so the mix may change over time as the competitive   market moves, governance standards evolve, or market conditions change. 44 Table of Contents Processes and Procedures for   Determining Executive Compensation Compensation   Committee of Our Board of Directors The   Committee is charged with overseeing and approving all compensation for our   executive officers.  The Committee is   comprised only of independent, non-employee directors.  The directors who currently serve on the   Committee are Mr. Boyce, who is the Chairman, Mr. Brondeau, Ms. Cook,   Dr. Jackson, Mr. Lader and Mr. Reilley. The   Committee’s charter requires that it meet at least four times each year, and   during 2012, the Committee met four times.    At each of its meetings, the Committee has the opportunity to meet in   executive session.  When practicable,   the Committee previews and discusses significant compensation decisions at   one meeting before giving formal approval at a subsequent meeting. The   Role of the Chief Executive Officer The   Committee seeks significant input from the CEO on compensation decisions and   performance appraisals for all other executive officers.  However, all final compensation decisions   for our executive officers are made by the Committee.  The CEO does not provide recommendations or   participate in Committee discussions concerning his own compensation. The   Committee’s Independent Consultant In 2012, the Committee engaged the services   of Meridian to provide consulting services and advice to the Committee on   executive and director compensation matters.    Meridian provides the Committee with information on industry trends,   market practices and legislative issues.    The terms of this relationship are set forth in an agreement between   the Committee and Meridian.  Meridian   provides no other services to Marathon Oil or its executives and the   Committee has the right to terminate the services of Meridian and appoint a   new compensation consultant at any time. While the Committee retains Meridian directly,   Meridian interacts with several of our officers and employees as   necessary.  In addition, Meridian may   seek input and feedback from members of our management regarding its work   product prior to presentation to the Committee in order to confirm that   information is accurate or address other issues.  We believe that Meridian provides an   independent perspective to the Committee. 45 Table of Contents Components   of Compensation Our executive compensation program includes base   salary, annual cash incentive compensation, long-term incentives, and   benefits.  By design, the majority of   compensation value available to our executives is “performance-based,”   meaning that the opportunity to earn value is largely dependent on both   Company and executive performance. Base Salary Purpose :  The primary purpose of this compensation   component is to recognize and reward overall responsibilities, established   skills, experience and expertise. Competitive Positioning : The Committee considers   each named executive officer’s current salary as compared to the 50th   percentile, along with individual performance.  While we do not utilize internal pay   ratios, the Committee evaluates the relative value of each position to   Marathon Oil and ensures that compensation levels are both internally   equitable and consistent with the value assigned to each position. The Committee does not use a formula to   calculate base salary increases for named executive officers. Changes   for Fiscal 2012 :  At its   February 2012 meeting, the Committee reviewed our positioning against   the Peer Group, employed the above methodology, and awarded a base salary   increase to one of our six named executive officers.  Effective in April 2012, Ms. Kerrigan received a base   salary increase to align her salary more closely with the market and reflect   the scope of her position. Name Base Salary Amount as of January 1, 2012 Base Salary Amount as of January 1, 2013 Percent Change Mr. Cazalot $1,400,000 $1,400,000 0% Ms. Clark $680,000 $680,000 0% Ms. Kerrigan $500,000 $575,000 15% Mr. Stewart $440,000 $440,000 0% Ms. Campbell $445,000 $445,000 0% Mr. Roberts $900,000 $900,000 0% Annual Cash Bonus Purpose :  The primary purpose of this compensation   component is to focus performance on key business executives, rewarding   executives both for achievement of short-term financial, operational, and   strategic goals that drive stockholder value and individual performance   during the year. Competitive Positioning :  The Company’s strategy is to consider the   Peer Group 50 th percentile for annual incentives for   performance at expected levels.  Our   performance targets are established to challenge our named executive officers   to perform at a high level.    Below-target performance may result in low or no incentive payout,   while exceptional performance may result in payouts significantly above the   target award level. 46 Table of Contents Annual   Cash Bonus Overview The   Committee determines the annual cash bonus for each named executive officer   based primarily on the following criteria: · Competitive bonus targets   established by the Committee based on the independent consultant’s   comprehensive benchmarking study of our executive positions; · Quantitative company   performance metrics, established by the Committee during the first quarter of   the year; · Organizational and   strategic performance, evaluated by the Committee based on the achievements   of the Company and its leadership considering business and market conditions;   and · Individual performance,   including achievement of pre-established goals, leadership and ethics, and   overall value that the officer created for the Company, which can modify the   calculated bonus award. At   the end of the year, the Committee evaluates the overall performance of the   Company.  Quantitative performance   metrics can receive a total score between 0% and 100%, with target   performance approximating 50% of the total bonus award. Organizational and   strategic performance can receive a score between 0% and 100%, with target   performance approximating 50% of the total bonus award.   In determining the final award for each   named executive officer, the sum of these two components may be adjusted   based on the Committee’s discretionary assessment of the named executive   officer’s individual performance. Note   that for evaluating 2013 performance, the Committee has assigned a 60%   weighting to the quantitative performance metrics and a 40% weighting to the   organizational and strategic performance metrics.  The Committee will maintain discretion to   modify the final bonus awards based on individual performance factors. 2012   Bonus Targets For   2012, the Committee held targets at 2011 levels except for Ms. Kerrigan   whose target was increased from 70% to 85% to align her potential bonus   opportunity more closely with the market and reflect the scope of her   position.  2012 bonus targets for the   named executive officers were as follows: Name Officer Level Bonus Target (as % of Base Salary) Mr. Cazalot CEO 135% Ms. Clark EVP 95% Ms. Kerrigan EVP 85% Mr. Stewart VP 70% Ms. Campbell VP 70% Mr. Roberts EVP 95% 47 Table of Contents 2012   Quantitative Performance Metrics During   the first quarter of 2012, the Committee established the performance metrics   outlined in the table below. As part of this process, the Committee considers   key financial and operational performance measures, all of which are   important indicators of success in our industry and are not excessively   influenced by commodity price fluctuations. The Committee determined the target   level of performance for each metric by evaluating factors such as   performance achieved in the immediately preceding year, anticipated   challenges for 2012, business plan and Company strategy. The table and   footnotes below describe the targets set by the Committee and our performance   achieved during 2012. Focus Performance Metric Description Target Performance Performance Achieved Production, MBOED (a) Measures   the rate of crude oil production of our E&P segment 368 382 Performance SCO   Production, MBBL (b) Measures   the rate of synthetic oil production of our Oil Sands Mining segment 45 41 Cash   Costs, $/BOE (c) Measures   the cash operating costs associated with our E&P segment and corporate   G&A costs 12.25 12.74 Sustainability F&D   Cost, $/BOE (d) Measures   the cost of finding and developing resource 20 18 People, Process & Environment TRIR (e) Measures   the number of safety incidents; safety is a core value and a crucial business   practice .55 .66 (90 injuries) Spills   to the Environment > 1 [bbl] (f) Measures   the volume of spills produced and chemically treated fluids that enter the   environment 100 84 Process   Safety Incidents (g) Measures   the most serious process safety incidents that occur at designated facilities 1 1 Category   3 & 4 Consequence Event Rate (h) Measures   the number of Category 3 & 4 events in the E&P segment.  This is a monitored item only in 2012 3.4 1.4 (a) Production is our E&P segment   available for sale (excluding Libya) and is adjusted for pricing effects as a   result of production sharing contracts, catastrophic events, and acquisitions   and divestitures; also adjusted for project deferrals associated with capital   constraints. This number differs from the reported level of average E&P   production available for sale of 386 MBOED excluding Libya, and is from   continuing operations and does not include the aforementioned adjustments.   Production available for sale during the year can differ from production sold   primarily as a result of the timing of international crude oil liftings and   natural gas sales. 48 Table of Contents (b) SCO Production is calculated as net   synthetic crude oil (“SCO”) production (bitumen after royalties and   upgrading, excluding blend-stocks) and then adjusted for price, acquisitions   and divestitures; also adjusted for project deferrals associated with capital   constraints. (c) Cash Costs include lease operating   expense, above field expense, and unallocated corporate G&A, adjusted for   foreign exchange rates, legal settlements, and acquisitions and   divestitures.  The boe used in the   denominator are recorded sales adjusted for pricing effects as a result of   production sharing contracts, catastrophic events, and acquisitions and   divestitures; also adjusted for project deferrals associated with capital   constraints.  This metric excludes   Libya and Oil Sands Mining. (d) Finding & Development   (“F&D”) Cost includes capital expenditures and cash exploration   expenditures from our E&P (excluding Libya), Integrated Gas and Oil   Sands Mining segments adjusted for foreign exchange rate, capitalized   interest, and capitalized asset retirement obligations.  Reserves exclude dispositions, price   related changes and Libya. (e) The Total Recordable Incident Rate   (“TRIR”) is calculated according to the same formula as the Occupational   Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) Recordable Incident Rate by taking   the total number of OSHA recordable incidents and dividing by the ratio of   total number of hours worked over 200,000. (f) Spills to the Environment include the   number of all produced and chemically-treated fluid spills with a volume   greater than or equal to one barrel outside of secondary containment on   Marathon Oil operated properties. (g) Process Safety Incidents include those   incidents that occurred at Marathon Oil designated facilities which meet the   definition of a Process Safety Event Tier 1 as defined by American Petroleum   Institute (“API”) Recommended Practice 754 (Process   Safety Performance Indicators for the Refining and Petrochemical Industries) . (h) All potential and actual Category   3 & 4 consequence events are based on the consequence categories   table in Marathon Oil’s Event Reporting and   Management Standard divided by exposure hours.  This is a monitor-only metric in 2012. Upon   review of these quantitative outcomes relative to targeted performance   against internal metrics and to industry peers, and considering prevailing   business conditions in 2012, the Committee concluded that the Company had   achieved overall performance exceeding targeted expectations. 2012   Organizational and Strategic Performance After   assessing the Company’s financial and operational performance, the Committee   evaluated organizational and strategic performance achievements.  Select strategic achievements during a   transformational year where we demonstrated our ability to execute across all   of our resource plays are described below. · In 2012, we   completed targeted acquisitions in the Eagle Ford of approximately $1   billion, increasing the Company’s acreage position and working interest in   the core of the play and adding production and drilling locations. · We enhanced   our global exploration program.  In   June, we re-entered Gabon through a farmout agreement with Total Gabon S.A.   and expect to spud the first exploration well in early 2013.  We also entered Ethiopia and Kenya, two   countries with significant resource potential. · With   portfolio optimization as a key element of our business strategy, we   proactively monetize assets to fund other areas of our business.  As of December 2012, $1.3 billion of   our non-core assets were divested or under contract, representing progress against   our previously stated goal of divesting between $1.5 billion and $3 billion   of non-core assets between 2011 and 2013. 49 Table of Contents · Overall, the Company   experienced strong safety performance during a period of significant   organizational transformation and increasing external pressures.  However, despite top quartile Peer Group   performance, the 2012 personal safety target was not met.  The Company had established an ambitious   target, while operating new assets requiring a significant number of   less-experienced workers and contractors.    Initiatives under way to improve safety performance include renewed   emphasis on pre-job planning, clear and enforced expectations, and instilling   our culture into new acquisitions and people. · In 2012, we began Project   Mustang, an internal initiative to improve the efficiency of our contract   management processes and systems while also delivering increased transparency   around our businesses. Transparent and granular financial reporting and   improved financial/procurement processes are critical to our ability to   successfully compete as a top tier E&P company.  We anticipate completing this initiative in   2013. The   Committee also places significant emphasis on the named executive officers’   adherence to Marathon Oil’s core values which emphasize health and safety,   environmental stewardship, honesty and integrity, corporate citizenship, high   performance, and diversity.  These   values are essential to our culture and drive how we accomplish our business   objectives.  Additional information   about our values and our commitment to social responsibility may be found in   the annual Living Our Values Corporate Social   Responsibility Report available on our web site. 2012   Individual Performance At   the beginning of the year, each named executive officer develops performance   goals relative to his or her organizational responsibilities, which are directly   related to our business objectives.    All performance goals are discussed with and approved by the CEO (and   in the case of the CEO, the Board).    Examples of named executive officers’ performance goals for 2012   include: rate of production, reserve replacement, income per barrel, cost   management, improved safety and environmental performance, fiscal discipline,   development of governmental and community relationships, provision of   financial services and systems, and continued evaluation of management and   risk. In   evaluating the individual performance of each named executive officer, the   most significant factor is achievement of business objectives within his or   her organization.  At the end of each   year, each named executive officer’s performance is measured against his or   her previously established performance goals.    The Committee reviews this information with the CEO and determines the   bonus award for each named executive officer.    The Committee evaluates the CEO’s performance and determines his bonus   in an executive session.  No formal   weightings of individual performance commitments or formulas are used to   calculate the annual bonus, but the Committee uses its discretion to adjust   the final bonus payment based on its assessment of a named executive   officer’s individual performance. In   evaluating the specific contributions made by our named executive officers   during 2012, the Committee considered each named executive officer’s   pre-established performance goals as well as the contribution of the   respective named executive officer to the Company’s key achievements in the   last year including those discussed under “Executive Summary” and “2012   Organizational and Strategic Performance.”    These specific individual achievements, or areas in which individual   performance fell short of objectives, were considered in determining the   final bonus payment. 50 Table of Contents 2012 Annual Bonus Payments For   2012 performance, the Committee rewarded our named executive officers with   annual cash bonus payments above target, averaging 152% of target, for their   contributions to our operating and financial results. Long-Term   Incentive Awards Purpose :  The primary purpose of this compensation   component is to align the interests of executives and stockholders over the   long term.  These awards assist named   executive officers in establishing and maintaining significant equity   ownership and place a meaningful portion of compensation at risk based on the   Company’s stock price performance relative to industry peers.  Long-term incentives also encourage   retention through continued service requirements and are intended to   represent the largest portion of named executive officers’ total direct   compensation. Competitive Positioning : Our annual long-term   incentive awards are determined based on an intended award value that   considers market data, the named executive’s performance, and the named   executive’s intended total compensation.    The 2012 intended award value for named executive officers was   allocated per the following mix: · CEO:  50% performance units, 50%   stock options · Other Named Executive   Officers:  40% performance units, 40%   stock options, 20% restricted stock The   Committee believes this mix of long-term incentive awards generally provides   an appropriate balance between the dual objectives of tying compensation to   stock price appreciation and fostering executive retention.  The Committee believes that Mr. Cazalot’s   ability to realize compensation from his long-term incentives should depend   fully on the performance of our stock; thus, he receives only performance   units and stock options. Target   Award Levels After   considering competitive market data, the demand for talent, cost   considerations, and the performance of the Company and the named executive   officers, the Committee granted long-term incentive awards to each named   executive officer on February 28, 2012 according to our normal grant   timeline. Name Total LTI Intended Value ($)* Mr. Cazalot $11,000,000 Ms. Clark $2,100,000 Ms. Kerrigan $1,925,000 Mr. Stewart $1,000,000 Ms. Campbell $700,000 Mr. Roberts $3,500,000 *The Committee makes its   compensation decisions based on intended value.  Intended value reflects established   compensation valuation methodologies that differ from the methodologies used   for accounting purposes under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles   and applied in the Summary Compensation and Grants of Plan-based Awards   tables. 51 Table of Contents Annual   Grant Process Each   year, the Committee grants annual awards of long-term incentives in the form   of performance units, stock options and restricted stock. The Committee   grants annual long-term incentive awards at its regularly-scheduled February meeting,   the date of which is generally set at   least one year in advance.  The   effective date for grants of awards to named executive officers is the date   the Committee meets; however, if the Committee grants awards after the market   has closed, the grant date is the next trading day. Due   to the nature of long-term incentive awards, the actual long-term incentive   value realized by each named executive officer depends on the price of the   underlying stock at the time of vesting or exercise, or how the Company has   performed against stated objectives.    Each of our long-term incentive award types is discussed in more   detail below. Performance   Units The   Committee believes that a performance unit program based on Total Shareholder   Return (“TSR”) relative to peer companies establishes alignment between pay   and company performance. TSR is determined by taking the sum of stock price   appreciation or reduction per share, plus cumulative dividends per share for   the performance period, and dividing that total by the beginning stock price   per share.  For purposes of this   calculation, the beginning and ending stock prices are the averages of the   closing stock prices for the month immediately preceding the beginning and   ending dates of the performance period. The industry peers selected for each performance   cycle typically match the industry peers used in the prevailing peer group   used for compensation benchmarking. The table   below describes what can be earned based on Marathon Oil’s relative TSR   performance based on Marathon Oil’s rank among the Peer Group. The   target value of each performance unit is $1, with the actual payout varying   from $0 to $2 (0% to 200% of target) based on Marathon Oil’s relative TSR   ranking for the measurement period.    For example, a 100% payout percentage pays out at $1 per unit which is   paid in cash.   Note, if Marathon Oil’s   absolute TSR for the performance period is negative, the payout will be   capped at target (100%), regardless of the Company’s relative TSR ranking. Performance   Units Granted in February 2012 At   the Committee’s February 2012 meeting, named executive officers were   granted performance units measuring relative TSR for the three-year   performance period ending in 2014.  At   the end of the performance period, Marathon Oil’s performance will be measured   against the performance of our Peer Group and the performance unit award   value will be determined.  These awards   are included in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table on page 60. 52 Table of Contents Performance   Units with Performance Period Ended December 31, 2012 Each   named executive officer vested in performance units for the period July 1,   2011 to December 31, 2012.  As described   in our 2012 proxy statement, these awards were granted in July 2011   after the completion of the Spin-off of our downstream business creating two   independent energy companies, Marathon Oil and MPC, and included an 18-month   performance period to reflect the remaining period of the original 2010   grants as illustrated below: Grant Name Performance Period Original Performance Period Months Remaining in Original Performance Period Transition   Award July 2011 – December 2012 2010 – 2012 18 (of 36 months) Under   the provisions of these awards, the targeted performance units were subject   to our relative TSR performance against the Peer Group applying the payout   matrix below: MRO TSR Ranking 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 MRO TSR Percentile (%) 100.00 91.67 83.33 75.00 66.67 58.33 50.00 41.67 33.33 25.00 16.67 8.33 Payout Value ($/unit) 2.00 1.83 1.67 1.50 1.33 1.17 1.00 0.83 0.67 0.00 0.00 0.00 For   the 18-month performance period ending on December 31, 2012, we ranked   third out of twelve companies, resulting in a total maximum unit per unit   value of $1.67 earned during 2012 with respect to the performance units that   were paid in January 2013.    However, because the Company’s absolute TSR for the performance period   was negative (at -1%), the total maximum unit value was capped at $1.00. The   Committee determined a final unit payout value of $1.00.  The individual payouts earned for the   performance units vested in December 2012 are provided in the Summary   Compensation Table on page 58. Performance   Units with Performance Period Ended December 31, 2012 In   February 2013 the Committee modified the form of performance units   awarded for the 2013 – 2015 performance period to more closely align the   value of compensation paid with actual stockholder returns.  The value of the underlying units awarded   in 2013 will track the Marathon Oil stock price, adjusted for dividends.  The percentage of these “share-denominated”   units earned will continue to be contingent on the Company’s relative TSR   performance against the Peer Group.    Earned awards will continue to be paid in cash shortly after the   completion of the performance period. 53 Table of Contents Stock   Options Stock   options provide a direct link between officer compensation and the value   delivered to stockholders.  The   Committee believes that stock options are inherently performance-based, as   option holders only realize compensation if the value of our stock increases   following the date of grant. The   grant price of our stock options is equal to the closing sales price per   share of our common stock on the grant date, which was February 28, 2012   for the options granted to named executive officers during 2012.  Stock options have a three-year pro-rata   vesting period and a maximum term of ten years.  Additional information on these grants,   including the number of shares subject to each grant, is shown in the Grants   of Plan-Based Awards Table. Restricted   Stock The   Committee granted restricted stock to the named executive officers, other   than Mr. Cazalot, for diversification of the mix of long-term incentive awards,   for consistent alignment between executives and stockholders, and for   retention purposes.  Restricted stock   provides recipients with the opportunity for capital accumulation and a more   predictable long-term incentive value than is provided by performance units   or stock options. Restricted   stock awards vest in full on the third anniversary of the date of grant.  Prior to vesting, restricted stock   recipients have the right to vote and receive dividends on the restricted   shares. Other Benefits and Perquisites We   offer limited perquisites to our named executive officers.  Our named executive officers may seek   reimbursement for certain tax, estate, and financial planning services up to   a specified annual maximum each year, including the year following death or   retirement.  Our named executive   officers are also offered an enhanced annual physical examination, and they   also participate in the health, welfare, and retirement benefit plans   generally available to all of our employees. Unless   otherwise authorized by the CEO (or in the case of the CEO, the Lead   Director), our named executive officers may not use corporate aircraft for   personal use.  Occasionally spouses or   other guests will accompany our named executive officers on our aircraft when   space is available on business-related flights. Post-Employment Benefits Retirement We   sponsor and contribute to both tax-qualified defined benefit and defined   contribution retirement plans for a broad-based group of employees.  Eligible employees can contribute to our   defined contribution retirement plan.    We also sponsor retiree medical plans for a broad-based group of   employees.  Our named executive   officers are eligible to participate in these defined benefit and defined   contribution retirement plans, as well as the retiree medical plans.  In addition, our named executive officers   participate in unfunded, nonqualified defined benefit and defined   contribution retirement plans.  Our   Committee has determined that providing these arrangements plays a meaningful   role in attracting and retaining qualified executives. Each   named executive officer is also eligible to participate in our elective   nonqualified deferred compensation plan.    Under this plan, our named executive officers are eligible to defer up   to 20 percent of their salary and annual cash bonus each year. 54 Table of Contents Distributions   from our nonqualified plans are made following separation from service in the   form of a lump sum and are compliant with Section 409A of the Internal   Revenue Code to the extent required. Benefits   payable under our qualified and non-qualified plans are described in detail   on pages 65-68. In   addition, named executive officers’ stock options immediately vest and become   exercisable upon retirement, which is a common practice in our industry.  Unvested restricted stock awards are   forfeited upon retirement, except in the case of mandatory retirement.  For performance units, in the case of   retirement where a named executive officer has worked more than half of the   performance period, awards may be vested on a prorated basis at the   discretion of the Committee. Mandatory   Retirement Under   our mandatory retirement policy, a named executive officer must retire on the   first day of the month following the officer’s 65th birthday.  In addition to receiving the vested   benefits he or she has accrued under our benefit programs, outstanding restricted   stock awards vest in full.  Stock   options and performance units follow the vesting treatment described above   for retirement. Death   or Disability In   the event of death or disability, our named executive officers would be   entitled to the vested benefits they have accrued under our standard benefits   programs.  Long-term incentive awards   would immediately vest in full upon the death of a named executive officer,   with performance units vesting at the target level.  In the event of disability, long-term   incentive awards would continue to vest as if the named executive officer   remained employed during the period of disability. Other   Termination or Resignation Our   named executive officers do not have employment agreements and are not   entitled to any special executive severance payments, other than the change   in control termination benefits described below.  The Board may exercise discretion to make   executive severance payments to executives on a case-by-case basis.  Marathon Oil has a policy requiring that   our Board seek stockholder approval or ratification of certain severance   agreements for senior executive officers that would require payment of cash   severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times the officer’s salary plus bonus for   the prior calendar year. Mr. Roberts   resigned as Chief Operating Officer effective December 14, 2012.  In connection with Mr. Roberts’   resignation, Marathon Oil and Mr. Roberts entered into a Severance   Letter Agreement (the “Severance Agreement”), pursuant to which Mr. Roberts   received a severance payment in the amount of $4,608,000.  This payment did not exceed 2.99 times the   sum of Mr. Roberts’ current annual salary plus bonus for the prior   calendar year. 55 Table of Contents Change   in Control Termination We   believe that our named executive officers should be encouraged to act in the   best interests of our stockholders if a change in control transaction is   under consideration.  For this reason,   in 2001 we adopted our executive change in control severance benefits plan,   which provides certain benefits upon a change in control of Marathon Oil and   is designed to ensure continuity of management through a change in control   transaction. For   officers who are newly hired or first promoted to officer positions on or   after October 26, 2011, the Committee adopted a new change in control   plan.  This plan provides a more   limited severance benefit than our existing arrangement for officers employed   prior to this date, yet still encourages officers to engage in transactions   that would be advantageous to stockholders.    The new program includes no provisions to reimburse or “gross-up” tax   obligations following a change in control.    No changes have been made to our executive change in control severance   benefits policy that covers executive officers in their positions prior to   October 26, 2011. Under   both our change in control plans, all of our named executive officers’ long-term   incentive awards would become fully vested and exercisable upon a change in   control.  Outstanding performance units   would vest at the target value upon a change in control.  The benefits payable to named executive   officers in the event they are terminated following a change in control or in   connection with a “potential change   in control” are outlined on pages 69-72, where our executive   change in control policy is described in more detail. Other Compensation Items Stock   Ownership Requirements and Anti-Hedging Policy All   of our officers who are “executive officers” for purposes of Section 16   of the Exchange Act are subject to our stock ownership requirements, which   are intended to reinforce the alignment of interests between our officers and   stockholders.  The stock ownership   requirements are as follows: · CEO – multiple of six times base salary; · Executive Vice Presidents – multiple of four times base salary;   and · Vice Presidents – multiple of two times base salary. Executive   officers have five years from their respective appointment dates to achieve   the designated stock ownership level.    The Committee reviews each executive officer’s progress towards the   requirements on at least an annual basis.    Executive officers who have not reached the required level of stock   ownership are expected to hold the shares they receive upon exercise of stock   options (after payment of exercise prices and after taxes) so that they meet   their requirement in a timely manner.    Our named executive officers currently either meet or exceed the stock   ownership requirements, or are still within five years from their appointment   dates. In   order to ensure that officers bear the full risks of stock ownership, our   corporate policies prohibit officers from engaging in hedging transactions   related to our stock. Officers are also prohibited from pledging or creating   a security interest in any Marathon Oil shares they hold, including shares in   excess of the applicable ownership requirement. 56 Table of Contents Tax   Considerations The   Committee considers the tax effects to both Marathon Oil and the named   executive officers when making executive compensation decisions and has a   practice of delivering compensation in a tax-efficient manner whenever   reasonable.  However, the priority of   the Committee is to provide performance-based and competitive compensation.  Therefore, some compensation paid to named   executive officers is not deductible by Marathon Oil due to the limitations   of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. Section 162(m) provides   that the amount of compensation that we may deduct each year for our CEO and   each of the three most highly paid officers (other than our Chief Financial   Officer) is $1,000,000.  Elements of   compensation which qualify as “performance-based compensation” are deductible   even if in excess of this $1,000,000 limit.    The Committee approved a base salary for Mr. Cazalot that exceeds   the Section 162(m) limitation of $1,000,000, and therefore his base   salary is not deductible in full. As   required under Section 162(m), our stockholders approved the material   terms of performance goals for awards to named executive officers, which are   contained in our 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan.  These performance goals include both   financial and operational measures.     For Section 162(m) tax   purposes in 2012, we used both financial and operational goals to establish   performance-based payments for named executive officers.  However, the determination of actual annual   cash bonus payments for named executive officers is described in the Annual   Cash Bonus section beginning on page 46. Other   than time-based restricted stock, long-term incentives awarded to our named   executive officers in 2012 were designed to be performance-based compensation   and, therefore, fully deductible.  To   the extent that non-performance-based compensation exceeds $1,000,000,   time-based restricted stock awards would not be deductible. We   believe our nonqualified deferred compensation plans and other benefits   comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  In general, Section 409A imposes   additional income taxes, as well as premium interest, unless the form and   timing of deferred compensation payments have been fixed in order to   eliminate both officer and Company discretion. Influence of SOP Results on   Executive Compensation Decisions At   our 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, over 90% of the votes cast in favor   of the non-binding advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named   executive officers.   The Committee   concluded that a large majority of our stockholders are satisfied with our   existing compensation programs and did not change any practices or   programs.  Based on this result and our   ongoing review of our compensation policies and important governance   processes, we believe that our existing compensation programs effectively   align the interests of our named executive officers with the long-term goals   of Marathon Oil. 57 Table of Contents Executive   Compensation Tables and Other Information The   following table summarizes the total compensation earned by, or paid to, each   named executive officer for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012. Summary   Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) Option Awards (3) ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (4) ($) Change   in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (5) ($) All   Other Compensation (6) ($) Total ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. 2012 1,400,000 3,000,000 0 5,509,365 2,807,550 2,587,700 316,770 15,621,385 Chairman, President and   Chief 2011 1,400,000 3,000,000 0 6,414,055 18,821,400 1,617,757 276,207 31,529,419 Executive Officer 2010 1,400,000 2,500,000 0 4,656,517 0 1,397,592 256,394 10,210,503 J. F. Clark 2012 680,000 1,000,000 459,286 840,872 516,350 686,341 124,770 4,307,619 Executive Vice President   and 2011 680,000 1,000,000 531,144 1,197,162 4,099,000 406,341 105,057 8,018,704 Chief Financial Officer 2010 672,500 775,000 425,882 856,813 0 355,795 103,609 3,189,599 S. J. Kerrigan 2012 556,250 755,000 420,720 771,193 180,700 1,040,385 96,407 3,820,655 Executive Vice   President, General Counsel & Secretary 2011 478,750 600,000 280,326 627,238 550,633 516,760 64,628 3,118,335 2010 405,000 400,000 148,767 299,842 0 304,974 52,676 1,611,259 M. K. Stewart 2012 440,000 510,000 217,372 400,359 174,225 1,569,254 75,230 3,386,440 VP Accounting &   Finance, Controller &   Treasurer E. M. Campbell 2012 445,000 390,000 154,264 279,897 167,800 776,716 85,980 2,299,657 Vice President, 2011 445,000 390,000 157,376 356,604 1,091,133 492,516 67,207 2,999,836 Public Policy D. E. Roberts, Jr. (1) 2012 860,714 0 764,308 1,401,847 0 598,849 4,763,458 8,389,176 Executive Vice President   and 2011 900,000 1,200,000 713,111 1,596,752 4,857,833 466,309 136,207 9,870,212 Chief Operating Officer 2010 875,000 1,000,000 1,195,970 599,684 0 412,145 135,227 4,218,026 (1) Mr. Roberts resigned as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer on December 14, 2012. (2) This column reflects the aggregate grant date fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation.  Assumptions used in the calculation of this amount are included in footnote 21 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, footnote 21 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and footnote 23 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. (3) This column reflects the aggregate grant date fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation.  Assumptions used in the calculation of this amount are included in footnote 21 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, footnote 21 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and footnote 23 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. (4) The amounts shown in this column reflect the vested value of performance units earned by our named executive officers during the performance periods that ended on December 31, 2012, June 30, 2011, and December 31, 2010, respectively.   See pages 52-53 for an explanation of the Company’s performance unit program. (5) This column reflects the annual change in accumulated benefits under Marathon’s retirement plans.  See pages 65-67 for more information about the Company’s defined benefit plans and the assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts.  There are no deferred compensation earnings reported in this column because the Company’s non-qualified deferred compensation plans do not provide above-market or preferential earnings. 58 Table of Contents (6) The following table describes each component of the All Other Compensation column for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012 in the Summary Compensation Table. Name Personal Use of Company Aircraft (a) ($) Company Physicals (b) ($) Tax & Financial Planning (c) ($) Miscellaneous Perks & Related Tax Gross Ups ($) Company Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans (d) ($) Severance Payments (e) ($) Matching Contributions (f) ($) Total All Other Compensation ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. 1,600 2,170 0 0 308,000 0 5,000 316,770 J. F. Clark 0 2,170 0 0 117,600 0 5,000 124,770 S. J. Kerrigan 0 2,170 8,000 0 80,837 0 5,000 96,407 M. K. Stewart 0 2,170 1,060 0 70,000 0 2,000 75,230 E. M. Campbell 8,360 2,170 12,000 0 58,450 0 5,000 85,980 D. E. Roberts, Jr. 0 2,170 0 0 145,788 4,608,000 7,500 4,763,458 (a) The amounts shown in this column reflect the aggregate incremental cost of personal use of Marathon Oil aircraft by our named executive officers for the period from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012.  Spouses and invited guests of executives occasionally fly on the corporate airplane as additional passengers on business flights. In those cases, the aggregate incremental cost to Marathon Oil is a de minimis amount, and as a result, no amount is reflected in the table. (b) All employees, including our named executive officers, are eligible to receive an annual physical and wellness incentives.  However, officers may receive an enhanced physical under the executive physical program.  This column reflects the average incremental cost of the executive physical program over the employee physical program plus taxable wellness incentives paid under our wellness plan.  Due to Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) confidentiality requirements, the Company cannot disclose actual usage of this program by individual officers. (c) This column reflects reimbursement for professional advice related to tax, estate, and financial planning up to a specified maximum, not to exceed $15,000 for a calendar year. (d) This column reflects amounts contributed by the Company under the tax-qualified Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan and related non-qualified deferred compensation plans.  See pages 67-68 for more information about the non-qualified plans. (e) This column represents the cash severance paid by Marathon Oil per Mr. Roberts’ Severance Letter Agreement. (f) The amounts shown represent contributions made on behalf of the named executive officers under our matching gifts programs for approved not-for-profit charities. The annual limit on matching contributions is $10,000. 59 Table of Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2012 The   following table provides information about all non-equity incentive plan   awards (performance units) and equity awards (stock options and restricted   stock) granted to each named executive officer during 2012. The awards listed   in the table were granted under the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan (the   “2007 Plan”) and are described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion   and Analysis beginning on page 38. Estimated   Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards All   Other Stock Awards: All   Other Option Awards: Number of Exercise   or Grant   Date Fair Value Name Type of   Award Grant Date Unit Price (1) ($) Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Number   of Shares of Stock or Units (#) Securities Underlying Options (#) Base   Price of Option Awards ($) of Stock   and Option Awards (2) ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 2,750,000 5,500,000 11,000,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 466,500 35.06 5,509,365 J. F. Clark Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 420,000 840,000 1,680,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 71,200 35.06 840,872 Restricted Stock 2/28/2012 13,100 459,286 S. J. Kerrigan Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 385,000 770,000 1,540,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 65,300 35.06 771,193 Restricted Stock 2/28/2012 12,000 420,720 M. K. Stewart Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 200,000 400,000 800,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 33,900 35.06 400,359 Restricted Stock 2/28/2012 6,200 217,372 E. M. Campbell Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 140,000 280,000 560,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 23,700 35.06 279,897 Restricted Stock 2/28/2012 4,400 154,264 D. E. Roberts, Jr. Performance Units 2/28/2012 1 700,000 1,400,000 2,800,000 Stock Options 2/28/2012 118,700 35.06 1,401,847 Restricted Stock 2/28/2012 21,800 764,308 (1) This column reflects the target dollar value of each performance unit. (2) The amounts shown in this column reflect the total grant date fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted in 2012 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation.  The Black-Scholes value used for the stock options granted on February 28, 2012 was $11.81 and the fair market value used for restricted stock awards granted on February 28, 2012 was $35.06.  Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in footnote 21 to the Company’s financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. See page 54 for more information about restricted stock and stock option awards. 60 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2012 Fiscal Year-End The   following table provides information about the unexercised stock options   (vested and unvested), vested stock appreciation rights “SARs”, and unvested   restricted stock held by each named executive officer as of December 31,   2012. As   a result of the Spin-off of MPC, our named executive officers may also   continue to hold MPC equity awards granted to them before June 30, 2011.   Because Marathon Oil was not affiliated with MPC for any portion of 2012 and   neither Marathon Oil’s performance nor our named executive officers’ holdings   affect the value of those MPC awards, they have not been included in the tables   relating to outstanding equity, option exercises and stock vesting. Stock   Option Awards Stock   Awards Name Grant   Date Number   of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs Exercisable (#) Number   of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs Unexercisable (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number   of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (5) (#) Market   Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (6) ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. MRO 5/25/2005 336,696 0 14.930 5/25/2015 6/01/2006 361,322 0 23.690 6/01/2016 5/30/2007 284,289 0 38.250 5/30/2017 2/27/2008 212,341 0 34.060 2/27/2018 2/25/2009 548,485 0 14.920 2/25/2019 2/24/2010 463,114 290,088 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 214,018 428,036 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 466,500 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 2,237,334 1,184,624 J. F. Clark MRO 1/16/2004 12,694 0 10.470 1/16/2014 5/25/2005 112,168 0 14.930 5/25/2015 6/01/2006 57,491 0 23.690 6/01/2016 5/30/2007 45,509 0 38.250 5/30/2017 2/27/2008 40,337 0 34.060 2/27/2018 2/25/2009 131,697 0 14.920 2/25/2019 2/24/2010 85,212 53,377 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 39,944 79,892 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 71,200 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 371,679 286,642 53,641 1,644,633 S. J. Kerrigan MRO 6/01/2006 10,851 0 23.690 6/01/2016 5/30/2007 8,568 0 38.250 5/30/2017 5/28/2008 6,679 0 32.060 5/27/2018 5/27/2009 14,991 0 18.320 5/27/2019 2/24/2010 29,820 18,679 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 20,928 41,858 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 65,300 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 91,837 125,837 29,239 896,468 61 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2012 Fiscal Year-End (continued) Stock   Option Awards Stock   Awards Name Grant   Date Number   of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs Exercisable (#) Number   of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options/SARs Unexercisable (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number   of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (4) (#) Market   Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (5) ($) M. K. Stewart MRO 5/28/2003 2,221 0 7.990 5/28/2013 5/26/2004 6,855 0 10.530 5/26/2014 6/10/2005 22,280 0 16.190 6/10/2015 6/01/2006 13,135 0 23.690 6/01/2016 2/27/2008 7,991 0 34.060 2/27/2018 2/25/2009 23,329 0 14.920 2/25/2019 2/24/2010 9,600 6,014 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 9,029 18,060 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 33,900 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 94,440 57,974 26,398 809,363 E. M. Campbell MRO 6/01/2006 14,468 0 23.690 6/01/2016 5/30/2007 14,852 0 38.250 5/30/2017 2/27/2008 15,697 0 34.060 2/27/2018 2/25/2009 31,493 0 14.920 2/25/2019 2/24/2010 27,696 17,349 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 11,897 23,798 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 23,700 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 116,103 64,847 17,170 526,432 D. E. Roberts, Jr. MRO 6/01/2006 5,979 0 23.690 6/01/2016 6/28/2006 12,847 0 25.380 6/28/2016 5/30/2007 39,796 0 38.250 5/30/2017 2/27/2008 50,992 0 34.060 2/27/2018 2/25/2009 45,661 0 14.920 2/25/2019 2/24/2010 14,640 0 (1) 18.280 2/24/2020 2/23/2011 53,278 0 (2) 30.810 2/23/2021 2/28/2012 0 0 (3) 35.060 2/28/2022 223,193 0 110,384 3,384,373 (1) This stock option grant is scheduled to become exercisable in one third increments over a three-year period.  The remaining unvested portion of the grant will become exercisable on February 24, 2013. (2) This stock option grant is scheduled to become exercisable in one third increments over a three-year period.  The remaining unvested portion of the grant will become exercisable in one half increments on February 23, 2013 and February 23, 2014. (3) This stock option grant is scheduled to become exercisable in one third increments over a three-year period.  The unvested portion of the grant will become exercisable in one third increments on February 28, 2013, February 28, 2014, and February 28, 2015. (4) This column reflects the number of shares of unvested restricted stock held by our named executive officers on December 31, 2011. All restricted stock grants are generally scheduled to vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant. 62 Table of Contents (5) This column reflects the aggregate value of all shares of unvested restricted stock held by our named executive officers on December 31, 2012, using the year-end closing stock price of $30.66. Grant # of   Unvested Vesting Name Date Shares Date J. F. Clark 2/24/2010 23,303 2/24/2013 2/23/2011 17,238 2/23/2014 2/28/2012 13,100 2/28/2015 53,641 S. J. Kerrigan 2/24/2010 8,141 2/24/2013 2/23/2011 9,098 2/23/2014 2/28/2012 12,000 2/28/2015 29,239 M. K. Stewart 2/24/2010 10,535 2/24/2013 2/23/2011 3,991 2/23/2014 12/19/2011 5,672 12/19/2014 2/28/2012 6,200 2/28/2015 26,398 E. M. Campbell 2/24/2010 7,662 2/24/2013 2/23/2011 5,108 2/23/2014 2/28/2012 4,400 2/28/2015 17,170 D. E. Roberts, Jr. 2/24/2010 0 2/24/2013 2/23/2011 0 2/23/2014 2/28/2012 0 2/28/2015 0 63 Table of Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2012 The following table   provides information about the value realized by the named executive officers   on option award exercises and vesting for restricted stock during 2012. Option   Awards Stock   Awards Name Number   of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value   Realized on Exercise (1) ($) Number   of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value   Realized on Vesting (2) ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. 571,278 11,219,328 0 0 J. F. Clark 0 0 35,593 1,242,908 S. J. Kerrigan 0 0 14,036 385,709 M. K. Stewart 0 0 6,225 217,377 E. M. Campbell 0 0 8,460 295,423 D. E. Roberts, Jr. 182,000 2,353,921 38,626 1,348,820 (1) This column reflects the   actual pre-tax gain realized by our named executive officers upon exercise of   an option, which is the fair market value of the shares on the date of   exercise less the grant price. (2) This column reflects the   actual pre-tax gain realized by the named executive officers upon vesting of   restricted stock, which is the fair market value of the shares on the date of   vesting. 64 Table of Contents Pension Benefits We provide tax-qualified retirement benefits to our employees,   including the named executive officers, under the Retirement Plan of Marathon   Oil Company (the “Retirement Plan”).    In addition, we sponsor the Marathon Oil Company Excess Benefit Plan   (the “Excess Plan”) for the benefit of a select group of management and   highly compensated employees. The pension table below   shows the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits payable to each of   the named executive officers under the Retirement Plan and the defined   benefit portion of the Excess Plan as of December 31, 2012.  These values have been determined using   actuarial assumptions consistent with those used in our financial statements. Name Plan Name Number of Years of Credited Service (1) (#) Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (2) ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 12.75 682,781 0 Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 12.75 13,169,389 0 J. F. Clark Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 8.92 391,468 0 Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 8.92 2,348,230 0 S. J. Kerrigan Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 15.67 559,504 0 Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 15.67 1,722,181 0 M. K. Stewart Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 28.42 1,219,022 0 Marathon Oil Company Excess   Benefit Plan 28.42 3,876,133 0 E. M. Campbell Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 21.33 899,054 0 Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 21.33 2,783,152 0 D. E. Roberts, Jr. Retirement Plan of   Marathon Oil Company 6.58 228,661 0 Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 6.58 1,769,340 0 (1) The number of years of credited service shown in the table represents   the number of years the named executive officer has participated in the plan.   However, Plan Participation Service, used for the purpose of calculating each   participant’s benefit under the legacy final average pay formula was frozen   as of December 31, 2009. (2) The present value of   accumulated benefits was calculated assuming a discount rate of 3.44 percent,   a lump sum interest rate of 0.94 percent, the RP2000 combined healthy   mortality table weighted 75 percent male and 25 percent female, a 96 percent   lump sum election rate, and retirement at age 62 or the age at measurement   date, if older. 65 Table of Contents Marathon   Oil Retirement Plan In   general, in 2012, all regular full-time and part-time employees were eligible   to participate in the Retirement Plan effective as of their date of   hire.  The monthly benefit under the   Retirement Plan was determined under the following formula until December 31,   2009: No more than 37.5 years of participation may be recognized under the   formula.  Effective January 1,   2010, the Retirement Plan was amended so that participants do not accrue   additional years of participation.    Final average pay is equal to the highest average eligible earnings   for three consecutive years in the last ten years before retirement.  Eligible earnings under the Retirement Plan   primarily include base salary and annual cash bonuses (including 401(k) plan   deferrals but excluding amounts deferred under our non-qualified Deferred   Compensation Plan).  Long-term incentive   compensation is not included.  Final   average pay, vesting service and age will continue to be updated under the   legacy formula. Benefit accruals for years beginning in 2010 are determined under a   cash-balance formula.  Under the   cash-balance formula, each year plan participants receive pay credits equal   to a percentage of compensation based on their plan points.  Plan points equal the sum of a   participant’s age and cash-balance service.    Participants with less than 50 points receive a 7 percent pay credit   percentage; participants with 50 to 69 points receive a 9 percent pay credit   percentage; and participants with 70 or more points receive an 11 percent pay   credit percentage. For 2012, Mr. Cazalot, Ms. Campbell and Mr. Stewart   received pay credits equal to 11 percent of compensation as determined under   the plans; Ms. Clark, Mr. Roberts and Ms. Kerrigan received   pay credits equal to 9 percent of compensation as determined under the plans. Participants in the Retirement Plan become fully vested upon the   completion of three years of vesting service. Normal retirement age for both   the cash-balance and final-average-pay benefit formulas is age 65. However,   retirement-eligible participants are able to retire and receive an unreduced   benefit under the final-average-pay formula after reaching age 62. The forms   of benefit available under the Retirement Plan include various annuity   options and lump sum distributions. Participants are eligible for early retirement upon reaching age 50   and completing ten years of vesting service. If an employee retires between   the ages of 50 and 62, the amount of benefit under the final average pay   formula is reduced such that if the employee retires at age 50, he or she   will be entitled to 55 percent of the accrued benefits based on the   single-life annuity form of benefit. There are no early retirement subsidies   under the cash balance formula. Of the named executive officers, Mr. Cazalot,   Ms. Campbell and Mr. Stewart are currently eligible for early   retirement benefits under the Retirement Plan. 66 Table of Contents Marathon Oil Excess Plan Marathon Oil also sponsors the unfunded, nonqualified Excess Plan for   the benefit of a select group of management and highly compensated employees.   This plan provides benefits that participants, including our named executive   officers, would have otherwise received under our tax-qualified retirement   plans but which they did not receive because of Internal Revenue Code   limitations. Eligible earnings under the Excess Plan include the items listed   above for the Retirement Plan, as well as deferred compensation   contributions. The Excess Plan also provides an enhancement for officers   based on the three highest bonuses earned during their last ten years of   employment, instead of the consecutive bonus formula in place for   non-officers. The benefit formula used for non-officers is based on the   highest consecutive three-year compensation, including bonuses, earned during   the last ten years of employment, which may or may not include the   participant’s three highest bonuses. We believe this enhancement is   appropriate in light of the greater volatility of officer bonuses. Distributions   under the Excess Plan are made following retirement or other separation from   service in the form of a lump sum and are consistent with Section 409A   of the Internal Revenue Code to the extent required. We have not granted years of service in addition to the service   recognized under the terms of our qualified retirement plans (applicable to a   broad-based group of employees) to any named executive officer for purposes   of retirement benefit accruals. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below shows information   about the Company’s nonqualified savings and deferred compensation plans. Name Plan Name Executive Contributions   in Last   Fiscal Year (1) ($) Registrant Contributions   in Last   Fiscal Year (2) ($) Aggregate Earnings   in Last   Fiscal Year ($) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) Aggregate Balance at Last   Fiscal Year End (3) ($) C. P. Cazalot, Jr. Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 0 0 22,851 0 1,096,871 Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 292,923 280,716 0 2,026,659 J. F. Clark Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 100,100 129,574 0 1,526,713 S. J. Kerrigan Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 0 0 859 0 41,247 Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 63,337 5,923 0 311,597 M. K. Stewart Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 0 0 547 0 26,253 Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 52,500 45,614 0 395,028 E. M. Campbell Marathon Oil Company   Excess Benefit Plan 0 0 1,865 0 89,542 Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 52,460 62,264 0 477,862 D. E. Roberts, Jr. Marathon Oil Company   Deferred Compensation Plan 0 133,673 62,628 0 835,338 (1) The amounts shown in   this column are also included in the salary and bonus columns for 2011 of the   Summary Compensation Table on page 58. (2) The amounts shown in   this column are also included in the all other compensation column for 2012   of the Summary Compensation Table on page 58. (3) Certain portions of the   total for each officer were also reported in the Summary Compensation Tables   of our proxy statements in prior years. 67 Table of Contents We sponsor the Marathon Oil Company Deferred Compensation Plan (the   “Deferred Compensation Plan”).  The   Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified plan in which named   executive officers may participate.    Participants may defer up to 20 percent of their salary and bonus each   year.  Deferral elections are made in   December of each year for amounts to be earned in the following year and   are irrevocable.  Deferral elections   for bonus payments are applied based on the year the bonus is attributed to   and not the year the bonus is paid.    Participants are fully vested in their deferrals under the plan. In addition, the Deferred Compensation Plan provides benefits for   participants equal to the company matching contributions they would have   otherwise received under the tax-qualified Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan   but which they did not receive because of Internal Revenue Code limitations.  The Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan   currently provides for company matching contributions of up to 7 percent of   eligible earnings.  Participants in   both the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan and the Deferred Compensation Plan   are vested in their company matching contributions upon the completion of   three years of vesting service. The investment options available under the Deferred Compensation Plan   generally mirror the investment options offered to participants under the   Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan, with the exception of Marathon Oil common   stock, which is not an investment option for named executive officers under   the Deferred Compensation Plan.  All   participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan will receive their benefits as   a lump sum following separation from service with Marathon Oil. Prior to January 1, 2006, executive officers who elected not to   participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan were eligible to receive   defined contribution accruals under the Excess Plan.  The defined contribution formula in the   Excess Plan is designed to allow eligible employees to receive company   matching contributions equal to the amount they would have otherwise received   under the tax-qualified Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan but which they did   not receive because of Internal Revenue Code limitations.  Participants are vested in these   contributions upon the completion of three years of vesting service. Defined contribution accruals in the Excess Plan are credited with   interest equal to that paid in the “Marathon Oil Stable Value Fund” option of   the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan.    The annual rate of return on this option for the year ended December 31,   2012 was 2.13 percent. Distributions from the Excess Plan are paid in the   form of a lump sum following the participant’s separation from service with   Marathon Oil. Distributions   from all nonqualified deferred compensation plans in which our named   executive officers participate are consistent with Section 409A of the   Internal Revenue Code to the extent required. As a result, distribution of   amounts subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code will be   delayed for six months following retirement or other separation from service   where the participant is considered a “specified employee” for purposes of   Section 409A. 68 Table of Contents Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control We   have not entered into any employment agreements with our named executive   officers that provide for severance or change in control benefits, nor do we   have separate severance or change in control agreements with our named   executive officers. Retirement Our   employees are eligible for retirement once they reach age 50 and have ten or   more years of vesting service with Marathon Oil. The named executive officers   who are currently retirement eligible are Mr. Cazalot, Ms. Campbell   and Mr. Stewart. Upon   retirement, our named executive officers are entitled to receive their vested   benefits that have accrued under Marathon Oil’s broad-based and executive   benefit programs. For more information about the retirement and deferred   compensation programs, see pages 65-68. In   addition, upon retirement, unvested stock options for named executive   officers would become immediately exercisable according to the grant terms.   All outstanding stock appreciation rights were fully vested. Unvested   restricted stock awards are forfeited upon retirement (except in the case of   mandatory retirement at age 65). For performance units, in the case of   retirement where a named executive officer has worked more than half of the   performance period, awards may be vested on a prorated basis at the   discretion of the Committee. Death   or Disability In   the event of death or disability, our named executive officers would be   entitled to the vested benefits they have accrued under Marathon Oil’s   broad-based and executive benefits programs. Long-term incentive awards would   immediately vest in full upon the death of a named executive officer, with   performance units vesting at the target level. In the event of disability,   long-term incentive awards would continue to vest as if the named executive   officer remained employed for up to 24 months during the period of   disability. Other   Termination No   special employment or severance agreements are in place for our named   executive officers, except for our Executive Change in Control Severance   Benefits Plan, which is described in more detail below. Effective February 1,   2005, we adopted a policy stating that our Board should seek stockholder   approval or ratification of severance agreements for senior executive   officers (other than agreements consistent with Marathon Oil’s change in   control policy adopted in 2001, which is reflected in the Executive Change in   Control Severance Benefits Plan) that generally requires payment of cash   severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times a senior executive officer’s salary   plus bonus for the prior calendar year. 69 Table of Contents Change   in Control We believe that if a change in control of Marathon Oil is under   consideration, our named executive officers should be encouraged to continue   their dedication to their assigned duties. For this reason, we have a plan   that provides the following severance benefits if a named executive officer’s   employment is terminated under certain circumstances following a change in control.   Our Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Plan provides: · a cash   payment of up to three times the sum of the named executive officer’s current   salary plus the highest bonus paid in the three years before the termination   or change in control; · life and   health insurance benefits for up to 36 months after termination, at the   lesser of the current cost or the active employee cost; · an additional   three years of service credit and three years of age credit for purposes of   retiree health and life insurance benefits; · a cash   payment equal to the actuarial equivalent of the difference between amounts   receivable by the named executive officer under the final average pay formula   in our pension plans and those which would be payable if (a) the named   executive officer had an additional three years of participation service   credit, (b) the named executive officer’s final average pay would be the   higher of salary at the time of the change in control event or termination   plus his or her highest annual bonus from the preceding three years, (c) for   purposes of determining early retirement commencement factors, the named   executive officer had three additional years of vesting service credit and   three additional years of age, and (d) the named executive officer’s   pension had been fully vested; · a cash   payment equal to the difference between amounts receivable under our defined   contribution plans and amounts which would have been received if the named   executive officer’s savings had been fully vested; and · a cash   payment of the amount necessary to ensure that the payments listed above are   not subject to net reduction due to the imposition of federal excise taxes.   For officers who are newly hired or first promoted to officer positions on or   after October 26, 2011, the program includes no provisions to reimburse   or “gross up” tax obligations following a change in control.  (Note:    None of our named executive officers were hired or first promoted to   officer positions as of this date.) The   severance benefits are payable if a named executive officer is terminated or   resigns for good reason. However, benefits are not payable if the termination   is for cause or due to mandatory retirement, death, disability, or   resignation (other than for good reason) by the named executive officer. 70 Table of Contents In   addition, immediately upon a change in control or upon a named executive   officer’s termination of employment during a potential change in control,   outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, and restricted stock   would become fully vested. If a change in control occurs prior to the end of   a performance period, then outstanding performance units would be fully   vested at the target level. The   Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Plan continues during a   potential change in control period and for two years after a change in   control. The   definition of a change in control for purposes of the Executive Change in   Control Severance Benefits Plan is complex but is summarized as follows. It   includes any change in control required to be reported in response to Item   6(e) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and provides   that a change in control will have occurred if: · any person   not affiliated with Marathon Oil acquires 20 percent or more of the voting   power of our outstanding securities; · our Board no   longer has a majority made up of (1) individuals who were directors on   the date of the agreements and (2) new directors (other than directors   who join our Board in connection with an election contest) approved by   two-thirds of the directors then in office who (a) were directors on the   date of the agreements or (b) were themselves previously approved by our   Board in this manner; · we merge with   another company and, as a result, our stockholders hold less than 50 percent   of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after the   transaction; · our stockholders   approve a plan of complete liquidation of Marathon Oil; or · we sell all   or substantially all of our assets. In   addition, if any person takes certain actions that could result in a change   in control, a potential change in control will have occurred. The definition   of a potential change in control for purposes of the Executive Change in   Control Severance Benefits Plan is complex but, in general, a potential   change-in-control would occur upon: · Marathon Oil   entering into an agreement which could result in a change in control; · any person   becoming the owner of 15 percent or more of our common stock; · a public   announcement by any person or entity stating an intention to take over   Marathon Oil; · or a   determination by our Board that a potential change in control has occurred. 71 Table of Contents The   tables below assume a termination date or change in control date of December 31,   2012, the last business day of the fiscal year.  The value of the equity compensation awards   (accelerated vesting of restricted stock awards and performance unit awards)   were calculated using the 2012 year-end closing market price for our common   stock of $30.66.  The value of   performance unit awards assume that performance units awarded in July 2011   would vest and would be paid out at the target level of $1 per unit. Payments upon a Change in Control without   Termination of Employment Name Accelerated Vesting of Long- Term Incentives Mr. Cazalot $13,930,039 Ms. Clark $4,048,690 Ms. Kerrigan $2,370,797 Mr. Stewart $1,488,149 Ms. Campbell $1,290,046 Payments upon a Change in Control and   Termination of Employment with Good Reason or by the Company without Cause Change in Control Accelerated Vesting of LTI ($) Severance Payment ($) Health & Welfare Benefits (1) ($) Retirement Enhancement (2) ($) Excise Tax Gross Ups (3) ($) Total Payments ($) Mr. Cazalot 13,930,039 13,200,000 52,080 4,168,847 0 31,350,966 Ms. Clark 4,048,690 5,040,000 195,975 3,271,085 0 12,555,750 Ms. Kerrigan 2,370,797 3,525,000 347,930 849,838 2,407,653 9,501,218 Mr. Stewart 1,488,149 3,000,000 32,680 3,293,625 2,716,777 10,531,231 Ms. Campbell 1,290,046 2,505,000 60,810 1,478,567 0 5,334,423 (1) Health and welfare   benefits reflect the incremental value of continued coverage and enhanced   subsidy for retiree medical coverage assuming an election of employee plus   spouse coverage and using the assumptions used for financial reporting   purposes under ASC 715. (2) Retirement benefits   included in these amounts were calculated using the following assumptions:   individual life expectancies using the RP2000 Combined Healthy Table weighted   75 percent male and 25 percent female; a discount rate of 0.75 percent for   named executive officers who are retirement eligible (taking into account the   additional three years of age and service credit) and 0.75 percent for named   executive officers who are not retirement eligible; the current lump sum   interest rate for the relevant plans; and a lump sum form of benefit. (3) These amounts include an   excise tax gross-up for Mr. Stewart and Ms. Kerrigan for tax   imposed under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. This   gross-up was calculated using the highest marginal federal individual income   tax rate and assuming no state or local income tax because our named   executive officers are residents of Texas. 72 Table of Contents Certain   Relationships and Related Person Transactions Officers, Directors and   Immediate Family During   2012, Marathon Petroleum Timor Gap West Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned   subsidiary of Marathon Oil Corporation, received from Peabody (Wilkie Creek)   Pty. Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Peabody Energy Corporation,   royalty payments for coal mined in Australia in the amount of $6,550,631.   Gregory H. Boyce, a director of our Board, is chairman and chief executive   officer of Peabody Energy Corporation. Policy and Procedures with   Respect to Related Person Transactions Our   policy with respect to related person transactions contains procedures for   monitoring, reviewing, approving or ratifying related person transactions. As   stated in the policy, it is the Company’s intent to enter into or ratify   related person transactions only when the Board of Directors, acting through   the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, determines that the related   person transaction is in the best interests of the Company and its   stockholders. The   material features of the policy and procedures for monitoring, reviewing,   approving or ratifying related person transactions are as follows. · Each director and executive officer is required to submit the   following information: (a) a list of his or her immediate family   members; (b) for each person listed and, in the case of a director, the   person’s employer and job title or brief job description; (c) for each   person listed and for the director or executive officer, each firm,   corporation or other entity in which such person is a partner or principal or   in a similar position or in which such person has a five percent or greater   beneficial ownership interest; and (d) for each person listed and for   the director or executive officer, each charitable or non-profit organization   for which the person is actively involved in fundraising or otherwise serves   as a director, trustee or in a similar capacity. · With respect to five percent owners, the Company is required to   create a list, to the extent the information is publicly available, of (a) if   the person is an individual, the same information as is requested of   directors and executive officers under this policy, and (b) if the person   is a firm, corporation or other entity, a list of principals or executive   officers of the firm, corporation or entity. · Prior to entering into a related person transaction (a) the   related person, (b) the director, executive officer, nominee or beneficial   owner of more than five percent of any class of the Company’s voting   securities who is an immediate family member of the related person, or (c) the   business unit or department leader responsible for the potential related   person transaction, is required to provide the requisite notice containing   the facts and circumstances of the proposed related person transaction. · In the event a related person transaction is pending or ongoing,   it is required to be submitted to the committee or Chair, and the committee   or Chair is required to consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances   available. Based on the conclusions reached, the committee or the Chair is   further required to evaluate all options, including ratification, amendment   or termination of the related person transaction. If the transaction has been   completed, the committee or Chair is required to evaluate the transaction to   determine if rescission of the transaction is appropriate. 73 Table of Contents · At a committee’s meeting in each fiscal year, the committee is   required to review any previously approved or ratified related person   transactions that remain ongoing and have a remaining term of more than six   months or remaining amounts payable to or receivable from the Company of more   than $120,000. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, taking into   consideration the Company’s contractual obligations, the committee shall   determine if it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders   to continue, modify or terminate the related person transaction · No immediate family member of a director or executive officer is   permitted to be hired as an employee of the Company unless the employment   arrangement is approved by the committee. In the event a person becomes a   director or executive officer of the Company and an immediate family member   of such person is already an employee of the Company, no material change in   the terms of employment, including compensation, may be made without the   prior approval of the committee, except if the immediate family member is an   executive officer of the Company. 74 Table of Contents Compensation   Policies and Practices for Employees We   offer our employees a competitive pay package that includes base pay, annual   cash bonuses and long-term incentives for qualifying employees. We do not   believe that our compensation policies or practices for any employees are   reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Marathon Oil. Statement   Regarding the Delivery of a Single Set of Proxy Materials   to Households With Multiple Marathon Oil Stockholders If   you have consented to the delivery of only one set of proxy materials to   multiple Marathon Oil stockholders who share your address, then only one   proxy statement is being delivered to your household unless we have received   contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders sharing your   address. We will deliver promptly upon oral or written request a separate   copy of the proxy statement to any stockholder at your address. If you wish   to receive a separate copy of the proxy statement, you may call us at (713)   629-6600 (please ask for Investor Relations) or write to us at Marathon Oil   Corporation, Investor Relations Office, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston,   Texas, 77056-2701. Stockholders sharing an address who now receive multiple   copies of the proxy statement may request delivery of a single copy by   calling us at the above number or writing to us at the above address. Solicitation   Statement We   will bear the cost of this solicitation of proxies. In addition to soliciting   proxies by mail, our directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies by   telephone, in person or by other means. They will not receive any extra   compensation for this work. The Company has retained Alliance Advisors to   assist with the solicitation of proxies for a fee not to exceed $5,000, plus   reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. We will also make arrangements with   brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward   proxy solicitation material to the beneficial owners of common stock, and we   will reimburse them for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that they incur in   connection with forwarding the material. By   order of the Board of Directors, Sylvia   J. Kerrigan Secretary March 6,   2013 75 Table of Contents APPENDIX I Marathon Oil Corporation Audit and Finance Committee Policy For Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Permissible Non-Audit Services General Purpose To establish the procedures for pre-approval of all audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services provided by Marathon Oil Corporation’s (the “Corporation”) independent auditor. Policy Statement In accordance with Section 202 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services, to be provided to the Corporation by its independent auditor, require prior approval by the Audit and Finance Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board before the commencement of such services. Appendices to this policy describe the audit (Appendix A), audit-related (Appendix B), tax (Appendix C) and permissible non-audit (Appendix D) services that shall require prior approval by the Committee. The Committee may pre-approve any audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services up to twelve months in advance for the following year. The Committee may pre-approve services by specific categories pursuant to a forecasted budget. The Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) shall present a forecast of audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services for the following year to the Committee for approval. Throughout said year, on an “as needed” basis, the CFO shall, in coordination with the independent auditor, provide an updated budget of audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services to the Committee. The annual audit services engagement terms and fees will be subject to the specific pre-approval of the Committee. The Committee will pre-approve, if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions and fees resulting from changes in audit scope, Corporation structure or other matters.  The Committee will also consider and approve as a whole the audit services listed in Appendix A. All audit services not listed on Appendix A must be separately pre-approved by the Committee. The performance of audit-related services, defined as services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Corporation’s financial statements and that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, will not be considered an impairment of the independence of the auditor.   The audit-related services listed in Appendix B are expressly pre-approved by the Committee. All other audit-related services not listed on Appendix B must be separately pre-approved by the Committee. Tax services include services such as tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. The performance of tax services does not impair the independence of the auditor, and the Committee expressly pre-approves the tax services listed in Appendix C. All tax services not listed on Appendix C must be separately pre-approved by the Committee. Permissible non-audit services are the services set forth in Appendix D hereto. The performance of permissible non-audit services does not impair the independence of the auditor, and the Committee expressly pre-approves the services listed in Appendix D. All permissible non-audit services not listed on Appendix D must be separately pre-approved by the Committee. I - 1 Table of Contents The Committee may delegate to one or more independent members of the Committee the authority to grant approvals required herein. The decisions of any member to whom authority is delegated to pre-approve an activity hereunder shall be presented to the full Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting.  Pursuant to the above authority, the Committee has delegated pre-approval authority of up to $500,000 to the Chair of the Committee for unbudgeted items. The Chair shall report the items pre-approved under this delegation of authority at the next scheduled Committee meeting. The Committee has not delegated to the Corporation’s management any of its responsibilities to approve services performed by the independent auditor. When requested by the Committee, the independent auditor shall provide detailed supporting documentation for each service provided hereunder. Policy Application This policy applies to Marathon Oil Corporation and its wholly or majority owned subsidiaries. Policy Implementation The CFO shall coordinate the implementation of this policy. Policy Exceptions The requirement for prior approval of permissible non-audit services provided above is waived, provided the following criteria are satisfied: i. the aggregate amount of all such services provided to the Corporation constitutes not more than 5% of the total amount of revenues paid by the Corporation to the independent auditor during the fiscal year in which the permissible non-audit services are provided; ii. at the time of engagement with the independent auditor such services were not recognized by the Corporation to be non-audit services; and iii. such services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee and approved by the Committee prior to the completion of the audit or by one or more designated members of the Committee to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated by the Committee. Notwithstanding these exceptions, it is the intent of the Committee that standard practice will be to pre-approve all permissible non-audit services. References None Appendix A Audit Services The following audit services are subject to pre-approval by the Audit and Finance Committee. Financial Statement Audit – Statutory audits or financial audits for the Corporation, and subsidiaries and affiliates thereof. Regulatory Financial Filings – Services related to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filings (e.g., registration statements, and current and periodic reports), including issuance of comfort letters, review of documents, consents, and assistance in responding to Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) comment letters. I - 2 Table of Contents Attest Services Required by Statute or Regulation – Attestation services required by statute or regulation including, without limitation, the report on the Corporation’s internal controls as specified in Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Appendix B Audit-Related Services The following audit-related services are subject to pre-approval by the Audit and Finance Committee. Employee Benefit Plan Audits – Audit of pension and other employee benefit plans. Financial Due Diligence – Assistance in financial due diligence with respect to pre- and post-business combinations or acquisitions, including review of financial statements, financial data and records, and discussions with Corporation or counter-party finance and accounting personnel regarding, among other things, purchase accounting issues. Application and General Control Reviews – Review of information technology and general controls related to specific applications, including overall general computer controls, excluding those that are a part of the financial statement audit. Consultations Regarding GAAP – Consultations by the Corporation’s management as to the accounting or disclosure treatment of transactions or events and/or the actual impact of final or proposed rules, standards or interpretations by the SEC, PCAOB, FASB, or other regulatory or standard setting bodies. Attestation – Attestation and agreed-upon procedures engagements. Other Audits – Subsidiary, equity investee or other related entity audits or audits of pools of assets not required by statute or regulation that are incremental to the audit of the consolidated financial statements. Appendix C Tax Services The following tax services are subject to pre-approval by the Audit and Finance Committee. Federal and State Tax Compliance – Preparation and/or review of tax returns, including sales and use tax, excise tax, income tax, and property tax. Consultation regarding applicable handling of items for tax returns, required disclosures, elections, and filing positions available to the Corporation. International Tax Compliance – Preparation and review of income and local, tax returns. Consultation regarding appropriate handling of items on the returns, required disclosures, elections and filing positions available to the Corporation. Preparation or review of U.S. filing requirements for foreign corporations. Federal and State Tax Consulting – Assistance with tax audits. Responding to requests from the Corporation’s Tax Organization regarding technical interpretations, applicable laws and regulations, and tax accounting. Tax advice on mergers, acquisitions, and restructurings. International Tax Consulting – Assistance with tax examinations. Advice on various matters including foreign tax credit, foreign income tax, tax accounting, foreign earnings and profits, U.S. treatment of foreign subsidiary income, excise tax or equivalent taxes in each applicable jurisdiction. Tax advice on restructurings, mergers and acquisitions. I - 3 Table of Contents Transfer Pricing – Advice and assistance with respect to transfer pricing matters, including preparation of reports used by the Corporation to comply with taxing authority documentation requirements regarding inter-company pricing and assistance with tax exemptions. Customs and Duties – Compliance reviews and advice on compliance in the areas of tariffs and classification, origin, pricing, and documentation. Assistance with customs audits. Expatriate Tax Services – Preparation of individual income tax returns, advice on impact of changes in local tax laws and consequences of changes in compensation programs or practices. Appendix D Permissible Non-Audit Services The following permissible non-audit services are subject to pre-approval by the Audit and Finance Committee. · Assistance with preparation of statutory financial statements · Assistance with filing of statistical information with governmental agencies · Accounting research software license Appendix E Prohibited Services The independent auditor shall be prohibited from performing the following services for the Corporation: · Bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements of the Corporation; · Financial information systems design and implementation; · Appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions, or contribution-in-kind reports; · Actuarial services; · Internal audit outsourcing services; · Management functions or human resources function; · Broker or dealer, investment adviser, or investment banking services; · Legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit; and · Any other service that is prohibited by applicable law or regulation or that the Committee determines is impermissible. I - 4 Table of Contents Marathon   Oil Corporation 5555   San Felipe Street Houston,   TX 77056 Signature
  [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date THIS PROXY CARD
  IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
  DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR
  BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: M53055-P34773-Z59733 For Against Abstain Yes No For
  Against Abstain Yes No C/O SHAREHOLDER SERVICES P.O. BOX 4813 HOUSTON, TX
  77210-4813 VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit
  your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until
  11:59 p.m. EDT on April 23, 2013 for shares held by registered holders
  directly and 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 21, 2013 for shares held in the Marathon
  Oil Company Thrift Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web
  site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an
  electronic voting instruction form. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any
  touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m.
  EDT on April 23, 2013 for shares held by registered holders directly and
  11:59 p.m. EDT on April 21, 2013 for shares held in the Marathon Oil Company
  Thrift Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the
  instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it
  in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Marathon Oil
  Corporation, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 51 Mercedes Way,
  Edgewood, NY 11717. The Internet and telephone voting facilities will close
  at 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 23, 2013, for shares held by registered holders
  directly and at 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 21, 2013, for shares held in the
  Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan. MARATHON OIL CORPORATION Please indicate if
  you plan to attend this meeting. 2. Ratification of the selection of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent auditor for 2013. 4.
  Stockholder proposal seeking a report regarding the Company's lobbying
  activities, policies and procedures. 3. Board proposal for a non-binding
  advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation. 1.
  Election of directors for a one-year term expiring in 2014 Your Board of
  Directors recommends you vote “FOR” Items 1a. through 1h. 1g. Michael E.J.
  Phelps 1f. Philip Lader 1h. Dennis H. Reilley 1a. Gregory H. Boyce 1c.
  Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. 1d. Linda Z. Cook 1e. Shirley Ann Jackson 1b. Pierre
  Brondeau Your Board of Directors recommends you vote “FOR” Item 2 Your Board
  of Directors recommends you vote “FOR” Item 3 Your Board of Directors
  recommends you vote “AGAINST” Item 4 Please indicate if you wish to view
  meeting materials electronically via the Internet rather than receiving a
  hard copy; please note that you will continue to receive a proxy card for
  voting purposes only. NOMINEES: M53056-P34773-Z59733
  Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the
  Annual Meeting: The 2013 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy
  Statement, and the Letter to Stockholders and 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K
  are available at www.proxyvote.com. 2013 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
  ATTENDANCE CARD You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
  Stockholders on Wednesday, April 24, 2013. The Meeting will be held in the
  Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San Felipe
  Street, Houston, Texas 77056 at 10:00 A.M. Central Time. (Please detach this
  card from your proxy card and bring it with you as identification. A map to
  the meeting site is inscribed on this card for your convenience. The use of
  an attendance card is for our mutual convenience, however your right to
  attend without an attendance card, upon proper identification, is not
  affected.) Sylvia J. Kerrigan Secretary (FOR THE PERSONAL USE OF THE NAMED
  STOCKHOLDER(S) ON THE BACK - NOT TRANSFERABLE.) (Proxy must be signed and
  dated on the reverse side. Please fold and detach card at perforation before
  mailing.) Proxy and Voting Instruction Form This Proxy and Voting Instruction
  is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors for the Annual Meeting of
  Stockholders on April 24, 2013 For shares held by registered holders The
  undersigned hereby appoints Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr., Dennis H. Reilley and
  Janet F. Clark, or any of them, proxies to vote as herein directed on behalf
  of the undersigned at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Marathon Oil
  Corporation on Wednesday, April 24, 2013 and at any meeting resulting from
  any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof and upon all other matters
  properly coming before the Meeting, including the proposals set forth in the
  2013 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for such Meeting with
  respect to which the proxies are instructed to vote as directed on reverse
  side. You are encouraged to specify your choice by marking the appropriate
  boxes on the reverse side, but you need not mark any boxes if you wish to
  vote in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations. The proxies
  cannot vote the shares unless you sign and return the proxy card. For shares
  held in Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan These confidential voting
  instructions will only be shared with Fidelity Management Trust Company, as
  Trustee for the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan (the "Marathon Oil
  Plan"). The undersigned, as a participant in the Marathon Oil Plan,
  hereby directs the Trustee to vote the number of shares of Marathon Oil
  Corporation common stock credited to the undersigned's account under the
  Marathon Oil Plan at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and at any meeting
  resulting from any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof, upon all
  subjects that may properly come before the meeting, including the matters
  described in the 2013 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. In the
  Trustee's discretion, it may vote upon such other matters as may properly
  come before the Meeting. Your vote is confidential. The shares credited to
  the account will be voted as directed on the reverse side. If no direction is
  made, if the card is not signed, or if the card is not received by April 21,
  2013, the shares credited to the account will not be voted. You cannot vote
  the shares in person at the Annual Meeting; the Trustee is the only one who
  can vote the shares. PROXY TO BE SIGNED AND DATED ON THE REVERSE SIDE