DEF 14A 1 a2223594zdef14a.htm DEF 14A Use these links to rapidly review the document TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.           ) Filed by the Registrant ý Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ý Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 Marathon Oil Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ý No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2015 ANNUAL MEETING MARATHON OIL CORPORATION PROXY STATEMENT ANNUAL MEETING Wednesday, April 29, 2015 10:00 a.m. Central Time Conference Center Auditorium Marathon Oil Tower 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, Texas 77056 MEETING HOURS Registration 9:00 a.m. Meeting 10:00 a.m. Please vote promptly either by: • telephone, • the Internet, or • marking, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card. Table of Contents Marathon Oil Corporation 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, TX 77056 Lee M. Tillman President and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2015 Dear
Marathon Oil Stockholder, On
behalf of your Board of Directors and management, you are cordially invited to attend our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in the Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil
Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas, on Wednesday, April 29, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. We
are making our proxy materials accessible over the Internet, which allows us to conveniently provide our stockholders with the information they need, while lowering the costs of delivery and
reducing the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. Please read the Proxy Statement for more information about how to access the proxy materials over the Internet. On
March 18, 2015, we plan to mail to our U.S. stockholders a notice explaining how to access our 2015 Proxy Statement and 2014 Annual Report and vote online, as well as how to request a
printed copy of these materials. All other stockholders will continue to receive copies of the Proxy Statement and Annual Report by mail. The matters to be voted on at the meeting can be found in the
2015 Proxy Statement. Your
vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote promptly so that your shares will be represented and properly voted at the meeting. Sincerely, Lee M.
Tillman President
and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 1 Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting 2 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 5 Director Qualifications and Nominations 5 Director Diversity 6 Nominees for Director 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 11 Board of Directors 11 Board Leadership Structure 11 Committees of the Board 11 Director Independence 13 The Board's Role in Risk Oversight 14 Risk Assessment Related to Our Compensation Structure 15 Corporate Governance Principles 15 Code of Business Conduct 15 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 16 Policy for Whistleblowing Procedures 16 Communications from Interested Parties 16 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 16 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 17 2014 Director Compensation Table 18 SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 19 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 19 AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT 22 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 23 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 24 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 39 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS 51 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR 2015 52 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 54 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 55 ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                i Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS We will hold our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in the Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San
Felipe Street, Houston, Texas 77056 on Wednesday, April 29, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. At
the meeting, stockholders will act on the following and will consider any other matters properly brought before the meeting, including stockholder proposals: • Proposal 1: Elect eight directors to serve until the 2016 Annual Meeting • Proposal 2: Ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent auditor for 2015 • Proposal 3: Advisory vote approving our 2014 named executive officer compensation • Proposals 4-5: The Board of Directors knows of two stockholder proposals that may be presented These
matters are described in detail in the Proxy Statement. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Proposals 1, 2 and 3, and a vote AGAINST Proposals 4 and 5. You
are entitled to vote at the meeting if you were an owner of record of common stock at the close of business on March 2, 2015. If you hold your shares through a broker or other intermediary,
you will need proof of your stockholdings to attend the meeting. A recent account statement, letter or proxy from your broker or other intermediary will suffice. We
are providing these proxy materials online, as permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe this approach allows us to conveniently provide our stockholders with the information
they need, while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. If
you received a printed copy of the materials, we have enclosed a copy of the Company's 2014 Annual Report with this Notice and Proxy Statement. By
order of the Board of Directors, Sylvia J. Kerrigan Secretary Dated:
March 18, 2015 ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT We are furnishing you this Proxy Statement in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors ("Board") to be
voted at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Annual Meeting") of Marathon Oil Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Marathon Oil" or the "Company"). The proxy materials, including this Proxy
Statement, proxy card or voting instructions and our 2014 Annual Report, are being distributed and made available on or about March 18, 2015. We
provide access to our proxy materials to our stockholders on the Internet. Accordingly, a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials ("Notice") will be mailed to most of our stockholders
on or about March 18, 2015. Stockholders may access the proxy materials on the Internet or request a printed set of the proxy materials to be sent to them by following the instructions in the
Notice. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING When and where will the Annual Meeting be held? We will hold our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in the Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street,
Houston, Texas 77056 on Wednesday, April 29, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. Who may vote? You may vote if you were a holder of Marathon Oil Corporation common stock at the close of business on March 2, 2015, the record date for the
meeting. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. As of the record date, there were 675,176,662 shares of Marathon Oil common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. What am I voting on and how does the Board recommend that I vote? Proposal More Information Board Recommendation ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Page 5 FOR each nominee ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of Independent Auditor for 2015 Page 52 FOR ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ PROPOSAL 3 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers Page 54 FOR ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ PROPOSALS 4-5 Stockholder Proposals Pages 55-59 AGAINST each proposal ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ How do I vote? You may vote by any of the following methods: • Meeting. You may vote in person at the Annual Meeting. • Internet. Vote by Internet at www.proxyvote.com . You will need the 12-digit Control Number included on the Notice or on your
proxy card. Online procedures are designed to ensure the authenticity and correctness of your proxy vote instructions. • Telephone. If you received a proxy card by mail, dial (via touch-tone telephone) the
toll-free phone number on your proxy card under "Vote by Phone" and follow the recorded instructions. • Mail. If you received a proxy card by mail, complete, sign and date your proxy card
and return it promptly in the envelope provided. ​ 2 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents To
be counted, votes by Internet, telephone or mail must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 28, 2015. If I am a beneficial owner of Marathon Oil shares, how do I vote? If you are a beneficial owner of Marathon Oil common stock held in street name, you should have received either a Notice or a voting instruction card
with these proxy materials from the record owner of the shares rather than from us. Follow the instructions in the Notice or the voting card to vote by mail, telephone or Internet. To vote in person
at the Annual Meeting, you must obtain a valid proxy from the record owner. Follow your broker's instructions to obtain this proxy. Why did I receive a Notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of proxy materials
instead of a full set of proxy materials? We provide our proxy materials over the Internet. Unless you request a printed copy of the proxy materials or reside outside the United States, we
will send you a Notice explaining how to access the proxy materials over the Internet or to request a printed copy. You can request proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by e-mail
on an ongoing basis. May I change my vote? If you are a record holder of Marathon Oil common stock, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before your shares are voted at
the meeting by: • voting again by telephone or over the Internet; • sending us a signed and dated proxy card dated later than your last vote; • notifying the Secretary of Marathon Oil in writing; or • voting in person at the meeting. How many votes are needed to approve each of the proposals? Directors will be elected by a majority of the votes cast, which means to be elected, the number of shares voted "FOR" a director must exceed the
number of shares voted "AGAINST" that director. Each other proposal will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock represented in person or by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote. Abstentions will not be taken into account in the election of directors, but with respect to all other proposals, will have the same effect as a vote against such proposal. Broker
non-votes are not counted as either votes for or votes against a proposal. What are broker non-votes? Brokers may vote on routine matters, such as ratification of the independent auditor, without customer voting instructions. However, brokers may not
vote on non-routine matters, such as the election of directors, approval of executive compensation, or stock- holder proposals, without customer voting instructions. Broker-held shares that are not
voted on non-routine matters are referred to as broker non-votes. How many votes are needed for a quorum? Under our By-laws, a quorum is one third of the voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. Both abstentions and broker non-votes are
counted in determining that a quorum is present for the meeting. Will my vote be confidential? The voting records of employee stockholders are confidential. Otherwise, voting records are not confidential, except as necessary to meet legal
requirements and in other limited circumstances such as proxy contests. Who pays for the proxy solicitation related to the meeting? We do. In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, our directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies by telephone, in person or by other
means. They will receive no additional compensation for this work. We have ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                3 Table of Contents retained
Alliance Advisors to assist with proxy solicitation for $5,000, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. We will arrange for brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries to forward proxy solicitation material to the beneficial owners of common stock, and we will reimburse them for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with forwarding the
material. How will other matters raised at the meeting be voted? If any matters other than those on the proxy card are presented at the meeting, the proxy committee will vote on them using its best judgment. Under
our By-laws, notice of any matter to be presented by a stockholder for a vote at the meeting must have been received by our corporate Secretary between November 17, 2014 and December 17,
2014, accompanied by certain information about the stockholder presenting it. We have not received notice of any matter to be presented other than those on the proxy card. If I want to submit a stockholder proposal for the 2016 Annual Meeting, when is that proposal due? Stockholder proposals submitted for inclusion in our 2016 Proxy Statement must be received in writing by our corporate Secretary no later than the
close of business on November 19, 2015. Stockholder proposals submitted outside the process for inclusion in the Proxy Statement must be received in writing by our corporate Secretary on or
after November 19, 2015 and no later than the close of business on December 19, 2015 and must be accompanied by certain information about the stockholder making the proposal, in
accordance with our By-laws. If I want to nominate a director for the 2016 Annual Meeting, when is that nomination due? Stockholder nominations for director must be received in writing by our corporate Secretary on or after November 19, 2015, and no later than
the close of business on December 19, 2015. Following any amendment to our By-laws relating to proxy access, as discussed herein, eligible stockholder nominations for candidates for election as
directors submitted for consideration at an annual meeting pursuant to such proxy access By-laws will not be subject to these deadlines, and instead will be subject to the deadlines set forth in the
amended By-laws. Will I receive more than one copy of the Proxy Statement, Annual Report or Notice if multiple
stockholders share my address? In some cases, only one Proxy Statement will be delivered to your household unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more of the
stockholders sharing your address. We will deliver promptly upon oral or written request a separate copy of the Proxy Statement to any stockholder at your address. To request separate or single
delivery of these materials now or in the future, call us at 1-866-984-7755 or write to us at Marathon Oil Corporation, Investor Relations Office, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas,
77056-2701. ​ 4 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, directors are elected for terms expiring at the next succeeding Annual Meeting of
stockholders. We have eight nominees for director whose terms expire in 2015. They are nominated for a one-year term expiring at the 2016 Annual Meeting. Directors
are elected by a majority of votes cast. For a director to be elected, the number of shares cast FOR a director must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST that director. Abstentions will
have no effect in
director elections. If any nominee for whom you have voted becomes unable to serve, your proxy may be voted for another person designated by the Board. Our
By-laws require any incumbent who does not receive sufficient votes to promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board. Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will recommend to the
Board whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or take other action. The Board will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee's
recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation within 90 days after certification of the election results. In the event of a vacancy, the Board may fill
the position or decrease the size of the Board. DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS AND NOMINATIONS Our
Corporate Governance Principles set forth the process for director selection and director qualifications. In summary, the chairman of the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, the Chairman of the Board, the CEO, and the secretaries of the Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee should work with a third-party
professional search firm to review director candidates and their credentials. At least one member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Chairman of the Board and the CEO should
meet with the director candidate. This screening process applies to Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee recommended nominees, as well as nominees recommended by our stockholders in
accordance with our By-laws or applicable law. Selection of new directors includes an evaluation of their independence, as discussed below under "Director Independence," their business or professional
experience, their integrity and judgment, their record of public service, their ability to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the Company, the diversity of backgrounds and experience they will
bring to the Board, and the Company's needs at that particular time. Directors should also be individuals of substantial accomplishment with demonstrated leadership capabilities, and they should
represent all stockholders rather than any special interest group or constituency. Our
By-laws describe the procedures a stockholder must follow when nominating a director for election to the Board. Notice must be received by the Secretary at least 90 days, but not more than
120 days, before the first anniversary of the date on which we first mailed our proxy materials for the preceding year's Annual Meeting. The notice must contain certain information about the
nominee, including his or her age, address, occupation and share ownership, as well as the name, address and share ownership of the stockholder giving the notice. Following any amendment to our
By-laws relating to proxy access, as discussed herein, eligible stockholder nominations for candidates for election as directors submitted for consideration at an annual meeting pursuant to such proxy
access By-laws will not be subject to these deadlines, and instead will be subject to the deadlines set forth in the amended By-laws. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                5 Table of Contents DIRECTOR DIVERSITY The
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for reviewing with the Board the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members in the
context of the current make-up of the Board. When we have an opening on the Board, we will always look at a diverse pool of candidates. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Principles, the
assessment of the Board's characteristics includes diversity, skills, such as an understanding of financial statements and financial reporting systems, technology and international experience. We view
and define diversity in its broadest sense, which includes gender, ethnicity, age, education, experience and leadership qualities. Of
the eight director nominees, one is an officer of Marathon Oil, five have top executive experience with a wide variety of businesses, one has extensive audit and public accounting experience, and
one has a distinguished career as an international business leader and diplomat. The background and qualifications of each nominee are set forth on the following pages. ​ 6 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR -- TERMS EXPIRE 2016 YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE BELOW. Gregory H. Boyce Director since 2008 Independent Mr. Boyce, 60, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
 Peabody Energy Corporation (a private-sector coal company). He was named Chief Executive Officer Elect in 2005, and assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer in 2006, having served as President from 2003 to 2008 and as Chief Operating Officer from
 2003 to 2005. He has been a director of Peabody since 2005, and was appointed Chairman in 2007. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Boyce served as Chief Executive Officer – Energy of Rio Tinto plc (an international natural resource company).
 He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Kennecott Energy Company from 1994 to 1999 and as President of Kennecott Minerals Company from 1993 to 1994, having served in positions of increasing responsibility with Kennecott since 1984.
 Mr. Boyce serves on the board of directors of Monsanto Company (a multinational agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology company). He is past chairman of the National Mining Association and is a member of the Business Roundtable and Business
 Council. Mr. Boyce is Chairman of the Coal Industry Advisory Board of the International Energy Agency, and a member of the National Coal Council, the Board of Trustees of Washington University of St. Louis, Civic Progress in St. Louis,
 the Advisory Council of the University of Arizona's Department of Mining and Geological Engineering, and the School of Engineering and Applied Science National Council at Washington University. Mr. Boyce holds a B.S. in mining engineering from
 the University of Arizona and completed the Advanced Management Program from the Graduate School of Business at Harvard University. Mr. Boyce's current role as a chief
 executive officer provides him with experience running a major corporation with international operations, including developing strategic insight and direction for his company, and exposes him to many of the same issues we face in our business,
 including markets, competitors, operational, regulatory, technology and financial matters. Pierre Brondeau Director since 2011 Independent Mr. Brondeau, 57, is Chairman, President and Chief Executive
 Officer of FMC Corporation (a global diversified chemical company). He joined FMC Corporation on January 1, 2010, as President and Chief Executive Officer and became Chairman of the Board on October 1, 2010. Mr. Brondeau served as
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials Division of Dow Chemical Company (a multinational chemical company) through 2009, having served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Rohm and Haas Company from 2008 until its
 acquisition by Dow Chemical in 2009. From 2006 through May 2008, Mr. Brondeau served as Executive Vice President of electronics and specialty materials of Rohm and Haas Company, having previously held numerous executive positions since 1989,
  including in Europe and the United States with global responsibilities for marketing, sales, research and development, engineering, technology and operations. Mr. Brondeau serves on the board of directors of TE Connectivity Ltd. (a
 designer and manufacturer of industrial components and products). He is Chairman of the Board of the American Chemistry Council. Mr. Brondeau holds a B.S. and a Ph.D. in biochemical engineering from Institut National des Sciences
 Appliquées of Toulouse and a masters in food sciences from the University of Montpellier, France. Mr. Brondeau's years of senior executive experience and
 executive leadership at large multi-national companies and his knowledge of developing technology, finance, acquisitions and mergers, strategic planning and regulatory issues impacting publicly-traded companies provide a valuable resource for our
 Board. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                7 Table of Contents NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR -- TERMS EXPIRE 2016
(CONTINUED) YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE Chadwick C. Deaton Director since 2014 Independent Mr. Deaton, 62, retired as Executive Chairman of the Board of
 Baker Hughes Incorporated (an oilfield services company) in April 2013, having served in that position since 2012 and as Chairman of the Board from 2004 to 2012. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Baker Hughes from 2004 through 2011, and as
 President from 2008 through 2010. Prior to joining Baker Hughes, Mr. Deaton was President and Chief Executive Officer of Hanover Compressor Company from 2002 through 2004. He was a Senior Advisor to Schlumberger Oilfield Services from 1999 to
 September 2001 and was an Executive Vice President from 1998 to 1999. Mr. Deaton serves on the boards of directors of Ariel Corporation (a privately held gas compressor equipment manufacturer), Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (an
 industrial gas and chemical supplier), CARBO Ceramics Inc. (an oil and gas production enhancement company) and Transocean Ltd. (an offshore drilling contractor). Mr. Deaton is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. He also
 serves on the board of the University of Wyoming Foundation and on the Wyoming Governor's Engineering Task Force. Mr. Deaton holds a B.S. in geology from the University of Wyoming. Mr. Deaton's over 30 years of executive and management experience in the energy business, including over 15 years of senior executive experience in the oilfield services industry, provides him valuable knowledge,
 experience and management leadership regarding many of the same issues that we face as a publicly-traded company in the oil and gas industry. His service on the boards of other publicly-traded companies has provided him exposure to different
 industries and approaches to governance. Marcela E. Donadio Director since 2014 Independent Ms. Donadio, 60, retired as a partner of Ernst &
 Young LLP (a multinational professional services firm) in 2014. Prior to her retirement, Ms. Donadio was Americas Oil & Gas Sector Leader for Ernst & Young LLP from 2007, with responsibility for one of
 Ernst & Young's significant industry groups helping set firm strategy for oil and gas industry clients in the United States and throughout the Americas. Ms. Donadio joined Ernst & Young LLP in 1976, and from 1989 served as
 an audit partner for multiple companies in the oil and gas industry. During her tenure as a partner with Ernst & Young LLP, Ms. Donadio held various energy industry leadership positions. She has audit and public accounting
 experience with a specialization in domestic and international operations in all segments of the energy industry. Ms. Donadio is a member of the Board of Directors of National Oilwell Varco, Inc.(an oilfield products and services company).
 She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Theatre Under the Stars, a Trustee for the Great Commission Foundation of the Episcopal Diocese of Texas, and a member of the Corporation Development Committee of the Massachusetts Institute of
 Technology. Ms. Donadio holds a B.S. in accounting from Louisiana State University and is a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas. Ms. Donadio's comprehensive knowledge of public company financial reporting regulations and compliance requirements contributes valuable expertise to our Board. She also has a deep understanding of the strategic issues affecting companies in the
 oil and gas industry. In addition, her extensive audit and public accounting experience in the energy industry, both domestic and international, uniquely qualifies her to serve as a member of our Audit and Finance Committee. ​ 8 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR -- TERMS EXPIRE 2016
(CONTINUED) YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE BELOW. Philip Lader Director since 2002 Independent Ambassador Lader, 68, is non-executive Chairman of WPP plc, a
 global advertising and communications services company, which includes J. Walter Thompson, Ogilvy & Mather, Young & Rubicam, Hill & Knowlton, Grey Global and Burson-Marsteller, among other international marketing and
 media services companies. He is also a senior advisor to Morgan Stanley (a financial services company) and a partner in the law firm of Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough. Ambassador Lader served as U.S. Ambassador to the Court of
 St. James from 1997 through 2001, and was Assistant to the President and White House Deputy Chief of Staff, Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration. His former service
 includes as President of Sea Pines Company, Executive Vice President of Sir James Goldsmith's U.S. holding company, and president of universities in Australia and South Carolina. He also serves on the boards of directors of AES Corporation (a global
 power company) and United Company RUSAL Plc (a global aluminum producer). Ambassador Lader is a member of the Board of Trustees of RAND Corporation, previously serving as Vice Chairman, and is also a member of the Boards of Trustees of the
 Smithsonian Museum of American History and The Atlantic Council, as well as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Within the past five years, Ambassador Lader also served on the board of directors of Lloyd's of London. He holds a B.A. from
 Duke University (Phi Beta Kappa), an M.A. from the University of Michigan and a J.D. from Harvard Law School, completed graduate studies in law at Oxford University and has been awarded honorary doctorates by 14 universities and colleges. Through his service as chairman of the world's largest marketing and media services company, senior-level U.S. government appointments, partner at a major law firm and other
 appointments and positions, Ambassador Lader has valuable experience and knowledge managing many of the key issues we face as a publicly-traded company. He has extensive experience with public policy matters, which uniquely qualify him to serve as
 Chairman of our Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee. Michael E. J. Phelps Director since 2009 Independent Mr. Phelps, 67, is chairman and founder of Dornoch Capital,
  Inc., a private investment company. Prior to forming Dornoch, he served as chairman and CEO of Westcoast Energy, Inc. (a natural gas company) from 1992 to 2002, as chief financial officer from 1987 to 1989, and as a corporate development
 executive from 1982 to 1987. Mr. Phelps serves on the board of directors of Spectra Energy Corporation (a pipeline and midstream company). He also serves as a director of Vancouver General Hospital Foundation, having previously served as Chair
 from 2010 to 2012. Within the past five years, he also served on the boards of directors of Canadian Pacific Railway Company and Prodigy Gold Incorporated (formerly Kodiak Exploration Ltd.). He is a member of the North American Advisory Board of
 the London School of Economics and is a Special Advisor to Nomura Canada, Inc. Mr. Phelps holds a B.A. in economics and history and an LL.B. from the University of Manitoba, an LL.M. from the London School of Economics and Political Science
 in London, and has been awarded honorary doctorates by three universities. Through his position as chairman and founder of a private investment company, chairman and CEO of
 a natural gas company with international operations, and other executive and management positions, Mr. Phelps has valuable experience with key issues faced by international operations. His experience on the boards of several other
 publicly-traded companies has given him exposure to a variety of industries and approaches to governance. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                9 Table of Contents NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR -- TERMS EXPIRE 2016
(CONTINUED) YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH NOMINEE Dennis H. Reilley Director since 2002 Independent Mr. Reilley, 61, is non-executive Chairman of the Board of
 Marathon Oil Corporation. He served as chairman of Praxair, Inc. (a provider of gases and coatings) from 2006 to 2007, as chairman and chief executive officer in 2006, and as chairman, president and chief executive officer from 2000 to 2006.
 Prior to joining Praxair, Mr. Reilley served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Company since 1999, having served in positions of increasing responsibility with DuPont and Conoco,
  Inc. (which was acquired by DuPont in 1981) since joining Conoco in 1975 as a pipeline engineer. Mr. Reilley is a founding member and partner of Trian Advisory Partners (an advisory group for Trian Fund Management, L.P.). He also
 serves on the board of directors of Dow Chemical Company (a provider of specialty chemicals). Within the past five years, Mr. Reilley also served on the boards of directors of Covidien Ltd., having served as non-executive chairman of
 Covidien from 2007 through 2008 and H. J. Heinz Co. He is former Chairman of the American Chemistry Council. Mr. Reilley holds a B.S. in finance from Oklahoma State University. Mr. Reilley has over 35 years of executive and management experience in the oil, petrochemical and chemical industries. His service as chairman, president and CEO of Praxair and other
 executive and management positions, has provided valuable experience in managing many of the major issues that we face as a publicly-traded company in the oil and gas industry. His service on other publicly-traded company boards has given him
 valuable insight and exposure to a variety of industries and approaches to governance. Lee M. Tillman Director since 2013 Management/Non-Independent Mr. Tillman, 53, became a director, President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Marathon Oil Corporation on August 1, 2013. Prior to joining Marathon Oil, he served as vice president of engineering for ExxonMobil Development Company (a project design and execution company), where he was
 responsible for all global engineering staff engaged in major project concept selection, frontend design and engineering. He served as North Sea production manager and lead country manager for subsidiaries of ExxonMobil in Stavanger, Norway, from
 2007 and 2010, and as acting vice president, ExxonMobil Upstream Research Company from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Tillman began his career in the oil and gas industry at Exxon Corporation in 1989 as a research engineer and has extensive operations
 management and leadership experience that has included assignments in Jakarta, Indonesia; Aberdeen, Scotland; Stavanger, Norway; Malabo, Equatorial Guinea; Dallas and New Orleans. He is a board member of the American Petroleum Institute, American
 Exploration & Production Council, a member of the University of Houston Energy Advisory Board and the Chemical and Engineering Advisory Councils of Texas A&M University. He is also a member of the National Petroleum Council and the
 Society of Petroleum Engineers. Mr. Tillman holds a B.S. in chemical engineering from Texas A&M University and a Ph.D. in chemical engineering from Auburn University. As our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Tillman sets our Company's strategic direction under the Board's guidance. He has extensive knowledge and experience in global operations, project execution and leading edge technology in
 the oil and gas industry gained through his executive and management positions with our Company and ExxonMobil. His knowledge and hands-on experience with the day-to-day issues affecting our business provide the Board with invaluable information
 necessary to direct the business and affairs of our Company. ​ 10 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Under
our By-laws and Delaware corporate law, our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board which currently is comprised of nine directors. The Board
met seven times in 2014, and attendance for Board and committee meetings was 100% for the full year. Under our Corporate Governance Principles, directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, and in 2014 all of our directors attended the meeting in person. Our
Corporate Governance Principles require our non-employee directors to meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions. An offer of an executive session is extended to non-employee directors at each
regularly scheduled Board meeting. In 2014, the non-employee directors held eleven executive sessions. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The
Board does not have a policy regarding whether the roles of the Chairman and CEO should be separate. The Board makes this determination on the basis of what is best for
our Company at a given point in time. Our current Chairman, Mr. Reilley, was appointed as non-executive chairman on January 1, 2014. As non-executive Chairman, Mr. Reilley
presides at all meetings of stockholders and the Board, as well as at all executive sessions of the non-employee directors. We believe the Board leadership structure is appropriate for us at this
time. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The
Board has four standing committees: (i) the Audit and Finance Committee, (ii) the Compensation Committee, (iii) the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, and (iv) the Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee. Each committee is comprised solely of independent directors as defined under the rules
of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). Each committee's written charter, adopted by the Board, is available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Investor_Center/Corporate_Governance/ . ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                11 Table of Contents The
following table shows each committee's current membership, principal functions and the number of meetings held in 2014. ​ ​ ​ Audit and Finance Committee (1) ​ ​ ​ Michael E.J. Phelps, Chair (2) Gregory H. Boyce Pierre Brondeau (2) Linda Z. Cook (3) Marcela E. Donadio (2) (4) Shirley Ann Jackson Meetings in 2014: 5 • Appoints, compensates and oversees the work of
the independent auditor. • Reviews and approves
in advance all audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditor. • Meets separately with the independent auditor, the internal auditors and management with respect to the status and results of their activities annually reviewing
and approving the audit plans. • Reviews,
evaluates and assures the rotation of the lead audit partner as required by law. • Reviews with management, and if appropriate the internal auditors, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and management's conclusions about their efficacy. • Reviews, approves and discusses with management, the independent auditor
and if appropriate the internal auditors, the annual and quarterly financial statements, earnings press releases, reports of internal control over financial reporting, and the annual report. • Discusses with management guidelines and policies for risk assessment and management. • Reviews and recommends dividends. ​ ​ ​ Compensation Committee ​ ​ ​ Gregory H. Boyce, Chair Pierre Brondeau Linda Z. Cook (3) Chadwick C. Deaton Marcela E. Donadio (4) Shirley Ann Jackson Philip Lader Meetings in 2014: 5 • Recommends to the Board all matters of policy
and procedures relating to executive compensation. • Reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the CEO's compensation, and determines and approves the CEO's compensation level based on the Board's performance evaluation. • Determines and approves the compensation of the other executive officers, and reviews the
executive officer succession plan. • Administers
our incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans, and certifies the achievement of performance levels under our incentive compensation plans. • Reviews with management and recommends for inclusion in our annual Proxy Statement our
Compensation Discussion and Analysis. ​ 12 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee ​ ​ ​ Pierre Brondeau, Chair Linda Z. Cook (3) Chadwick C. Deaton Philip Lader Michael E.J. Phelps Meetings in 2014: 4 • Reviews and recommends to the Board the
appropriate size and composition of the Board, including candidates for election or re-election as directors, the criteria to be used for the selection of director candidates, the composition and functions of the Board committees, and all matters
relating to the development and effective functioning of the Board. • Reviews and recommends to the Board each committee's membership and chairperson, including a determination of whether one or more Audit and Finance Committee members qualifies as an "audit
committee financial expert" in accordance with applicable law. • Assesses and recommends corporate governance practices, including reviewing and approving codes of conduct and policies applicable to our directors, officers and employees. • Oversees the evaluation of the Board. • Reviews and, if appropriate, approves related person
transactions. ​ ​ ​ Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee ​ ​ ​ Philip Lader, Chair Gregory H. Boyce Shirley Ann Jackson Michael E.J. Phelps Meetings in 2014: 2 • Reviews and recommends Company policies,
programs, and practices concerning broad health, environmental, safety, social, public policy and political issues. • Identifies, evaluates and monitors the health, environmental, safety, social, public policy and potential trends, issues and concerns, which affect or could affect
our business activities. • Reviews legislative
and regulatory issues affecting our businesses and operations. • Reviews our political, charitable and educational contributions. ​ ​ ​ (1)  All
the members of the Audit and Finance Committee meet the additional independence standards under Exchange Act Rule 10A-3. (2)  The
Board has determined that each of Ms. Donadio and Messrs. Brondeau and Phelps qualifies as an "Audit Committee Financial Expert" under the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules based upon the attributes, education and experience discussed in their respective biographies above. (3)  Ms. Cook
resigned from the Board effective July 4, 2014. (4)  Ms. Donadio
was elected to the Board effective December 1, 2014, and was appointed to serve on the Audit and Finance Committee and the Compensation Committee effective
January 1, 2015. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE In
accordance with applicable laws, regulations, our Corporate Governance Principles and the rules of the NYSE, the Board must affirmatively determine the independence of
each director and director nominee. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers all relevant facts and circumstances including, without limitation, transactions between the Company and
the director directly, immediate family members ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                13 Table of Contents of
the director, organizations with which the director is affiliated, and the frequency and dollar amounts associated with these transactions. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee further
considers whether the transactions were at arm's length in the ordinary course of business and whether the transactions were consummated on terms and conditions similar to those of unrelated parties.
The Committee then makes a recommendation to the Board with respect to the independence of each director and director nominee. In
2014, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considered the transaction discussed in "Transactions with Related Persons," contributions totaling $28,000 to Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute, of which Ms. Jackson is president, royalty interests paid to universities of which Messrs. Boyce and Deaton are affiliates, with no annual total payment exceeding $15,000, and
contributions to non-profit organizations of which Ms. Cook and Messrs. Brondeau and Lader or their immediate family members are affiliates, with no contribution exceeding $75,000. The
Committee also considered the Company's contribution of $791,000 to the University of Wyoming Foundation, of which Mr. Deaton is a board member. The Company's contributions to the University of
Wyoming Foundation were made pursuant to a commitment entered into before Mr. Deaton joined the Board. Based
on these considerations, the standards in our Corporate Governance Principles and the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board determined that the following
directors are independent: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gregory H. Boyce Marcela E. Donadio Michael E. J. Phelps ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pierre Brondeau Shirley Ann Jackson Dennis H. Reilley ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Chadwick C. Deaton Philip Lader Linda Z. Cook (former director) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ As
CEO of the Company, Mr. Tillman is not independent. THE BOARD'S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT Responsibility
for risk oversight rests with the Board and its committees: • The Audit and Finance Committee annually reviews our enterprise risk management process and the latest assessment of risks and key
mitigation strategies. It regularly reviews risks associated with financial and accounting matters and reporting. It monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and internal control
systems, and reviews risks associated with financial strategies and the Company's capital structure. • The Compensation Committee reviews the executive compensation program to ensure it does not encourage excessive risk-taking. It also
reviews our executive compensation, incentive compensation and succession plans to ensure we have appropriate practices in place to support the retention and development of the talent necessary to
achieve our business goals and objectives. • The Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee regularly reviews and oversees operational risks, including
those relating to health, environment, safety and security. It reviews risks associated with social, political and environmental trends, issues and concerns, domestic and international, which affect
or could affect our business activities, performance and reputation. • The Board receives regular updates from the committees about these activities, and reviews additional risks not specifically within
the purview of any particular committee and risks of a more strategic nature. Key risks associated with the strategic plan are reviewed annually at the Board's strategy meeting and periodically
throughout the year. ​ 14 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents While
the Board and its committees oversee risk management, Company management is responsible for managing risk. We have a robust enterprise risk management process for identifying, assessing and
managing risk, and monitoring risk mitigation strategies. Our CEO and CFO and a committee of executive officers and senior managers work across the business to manage each enterprise level risk and to
identify emerging risks. RISK ASSESSMENT RELATED TO OUR COMPENSATION STRUCTURE The
Compensation Committee regularly evaluates and considers the role of executive compensation programs in ensuring that our executive officers take only appropriate and
prudent risks, and that compensation opportunities do not motivate excessive risk-taking. The practices we employ include: • All executive officer compensation decisions are made by the Compensation Committee, which is comprised solely of independent
directors. • The Compensation Committee is advised by an independent compensation consultant that performs no other work for executive management
or our Company. • Our executives do not have employment agreements. • The Compensation Committee manages our compensation programs to be competitive with those of peer companies and monitors our programs
against trends in executive compensation on an annual basis. • Our compensation programs are intended to balance short-term and long-term incentives. • Our annual cash bonus program is based on a balanced set of objective metrics that are not significantly influenced by commodity
prices. In addition, the Compensation Committee considers the achievement of individual performance commitments and overall corporate performance. • Annual cash bonuses are determined and paid only after the Audit and Finance Committee has reviewed audited financial statements for
the performance year. • The Compensation Committee regularly evaluates share utilization in our 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan by reviewing over-hang levels
(dilutive impact of equity compensation on our stockholders) and annual run rates (the aggregate shares awarded as a percentage of total outstanding shares). • Our clawback policy applies to annual cash bonuses and long-term incentives and generally would be triggered with respect to an
executive officer in the event of a material accounting restatement due to noncompliance with financial reporting requirements or an act of fraud by that executive officer. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES Our
Corporate Governance Principles are available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Investor_Center/Corporate_Governance/ . The Corporate Governance
Principles address the Board's general function, including its responsibilities, Board size, director elections and limits on the number of Board memberships. These principles also address Board
independence, committee composition, the process for director selection and director qualifications, the Board's performance review, the Board's planning and oversight functions, director compensation
and director retirement and resignation. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT Our
Code of Business Conduct, which applies to our directors, officers and employees, is available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Investor_Center/Corporate_Governance/ . ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                15 Table of Contents CODE OF ETHICS FOR SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS Our
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, which applies to the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or
controller, or persons performing similar functions, is available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Investor_Center/Corporate_Governance/ . Under this code these officers
must: • act with honesty and integrity, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and
professional relationships; • provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by the Company; • comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; and • promote the prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code of Ethics to the chair of the Audit and Finance Committee and to the
appropriate person or persons identified in the Company's Code of Business Conduct. The
code further provides that any violation will be subject to appropriate discipline, up to and including dismissal from the Company and prosecution under the law. POLICY FOR WHISTLEBLOWING PROCEDURES The
policy for Whistleblowing Procedures establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of concerns received by the Company regarding accounting, internal
accounting controls, or auditing matters, and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees to the Company of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The policy for
Whistleblowing Procedures is available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/About_Us/Our_Values/Ethics_and_Integrity/ . COMMUNICATIONS FROM INTERESTED PARTIES All
interested parties, including security holders, may send communications to the Board through the Secretary of the Company. You may communicate with the Chairs of each of
our Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Committee by sending an e-mail to auditandfinancechair@marathonoil.com , compchair@marathonoil.com , corpgovchair@marathonoil.com , or hescrchair@marathonoil.com , respectively. You may communicate with our outside directors,
individually or as a group, by sending an e-mail to nonmanagedirectors@marathonoil.com . The
corporate Secretary will forward to the directors all communications that, in her judgment, are appropriate for consideration by the directors. Examples of communications that would not be
considered appropriate for consideration by the directors include commercial solicitations and matters not relevant to the affairs of the Company. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION Messrs. Boyce,
Brondeau, Deaton and Lader and Dr. Jackson served on the Compensation Committee for all of 2014. Ms. Cook served on the Compensation
Committee until her resignation from the Board on July 4, 2014, and Ms. Donadio was appointed to the Compensation Committee effective January 1, 2015. There are no matters
relating to interlocks or insider participation that we are required to report. ​ 16 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Board determines annual retainers and other compensation for non-employee directors. Mr. Tillman, the only director who is
also an employee, receives no additional compensation for his service on the Board. CASH COMPENSATION Following
are the annual cash retainers we paid our non-employee directors for 2014: Type of Fee Amount ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Annual Board Retainer ​ 150,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Additional Retainer for Chairman of the Board 75,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Additional Retainer for Audit and Finance Committee Chair ​ 15,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Additional Retainer for Compensation Committee Chair 15,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Additional Retainer for Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Chair ​ 12,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Additional Retainer for Health, Environmental, Safety and Corporate Responsibility Chair 12,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Directors
do not receive meeting fees for attendance at Board or committee meetings. Non-employee
directors may defer up to 100% of their annual retainer into an unfunded account under the Marathon Oil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. These deferred
amounts may be invested in certain investment options, which generally mirror the investment options offered to employees under our Thrift Plan with the exception of Marathon Oil common stock. EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION AND STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS For
2014, non-employee directors received an annual common stock unit award valued at $175,000. These awards were credited to an unfunded account on the first business day
of the calendar year, based on the closing stock price on the grant date. When dividends are paid on our common stock, directors receive dividend equivalents in the form of common stock units. The
awards vest and are payable in shares upon the earlier of (a) the third anniversary of the grant date, or (b) the director's departure from the Board. Under
our stock ownership guidelines, each non-employee director must hold three times (four times in the case of the Chairman) the value of the annual retainer in Marathon Oil stock. Directors have
five years from their initial election to the Board to meet this requirement. Other than Ms. Donadio and Mr. Deaton, who each joined the Board fewer than five years ago, all non-employee
directors meet or exceed this ownership requirement. MATCHING GIFTS PROGRAM Under
our matching gifts program, we will annually match up to $10,000 in contributions made by non-employee directors to certain tax-exempt educational institutions. The
annual limit is based on the date of the director's gift to the institution. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                17 Table of Contents 2014 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) All Other Compensation (2) ($) Total ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gregory H. Boyce 165,010 175,000 0 340,010 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pierre Brondeau 162,500 175,000 0 337,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Linda Z. Cook (3) 75,004 175,000 0 250,004 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Chadwick C. Deaton 150,000 175,000 0 325,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marcela E. Donadio (4) 12,500 0 1,000 13,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shirley Ann Jackson 150,000 (5) 175,000 0 325,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Philip Lader 162,500 175,000 10,000 347,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Michael E. J. Phelps 165,000 175,000 0 340,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Dennis H. Reilley 225,000 175,000 0 400,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Represents
the amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States regarding stock compensation, for the annual non-retainer common stock award. These amounts are also equal to the grant date fair value of the awards. The aggregate
number of stock unit awards outstanding as of December 31, 2014 for each director is as follows: Mr. Boyce, 42,523; Mr. Brondeau, 22,274; Ms. Cook, 0; Mr. Deaton,
5,132; Ms. Donadio, 0; Dr. Jackson, 92,634; Mr. Lader, 85,428; Mr. Phelps, 38,693; and Mr. Reilley, 88,983. (2)  Represents
contributions made under our matching gifts program. (3)  Ms. Cook
resigned from the Board effective July 4, 2014. (4)  Ms. Donadio
joined the Board effective December 1, 2014. (5)  Deferred
under the Marathon Oil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. ​ 18 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING  COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten
percent of a registered class of our equity securities, file reports of beneficial ownership on Form 3 and changes in beneficial ownership on Form 4 or Form 5 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Based solely on our review of the reporting forms and written representations provided by the individuals required to file reports, we believe that each of our directors and
executive officers complied with the applicable reporting requirements for transactions in Company securities during 2014. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS The
following table shows the beneficial owners of five percent or more of the Company's common stock, based on information available as of February 14, 2015: Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Outstanding Shares ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Blackrock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10022 69,224,027 (1) 10.3% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ The Vanguard Group, Inc. 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 36,267,377 (2) 5.37% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Based
on the Schedule 13G/A filed on January 9, 2015 by Blackrock, Inc. According to such Schedule 13G/A, Blackrock, Inc., through itself and being
the parent holding company or control person over each of the following subsidiaries: Blackrock (Luxembourg) S.A., Blackrock (Netherlands) B.V., Blackrock Advisors (UK) Limited,
Blackrock Advisors, LLC, Blackrock Asset Management Canada Limited, Blackrock Asset Management Ireland Limited, Blackrock Capital Management, Blackrock Financial Management, Inc.,
Blackrock Fund Advisors, Blackrock Fund Management Ireland Limited, Blackrock Fund Managers Ltd, Blackrock Institutional Trust Company, N.A., Blackrock International Limited, Blackrock
Investment Management (Australia) Limited, Blackrock Investment Management (UK) Limited, Blackrock Investment Management, LLC, Blackrock Japan Co. Ltd. and Blackrock Life Limited,
and each individually owning less than 5%, is deemed to beneficially own 69,224,027 shares, and has sole voting power over 59,473,228 shares, shared voting power over no shares, sole dispositive power
over 69,224,027 shares, and shared dispositive power over no shares. (2)  Based
on the Schedule 13G filed on February 11, 2015 by The Vanguard Group, Inc. According to such Schedule 13G, The Vanguard Group, Inc.
('Vanguard") through itself being an investment adviser is deemed to beneficially own 36,267,277 shares, has sole voting power over 1,166,834 shares, shared voting power over no shares, sole
dispositive power over 35,158,502 shares, and shared dispositive power over 1,108,875 shares. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of
909,245 shares as a result of its serving as investment manager of collective trust accounts. Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial
owner of 457,219 shares as a result of its serving as investment manager of Australian investment offerings. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                19 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT The
following table shows the number of shares of Marathon Oil common stock beneficially owned as of January 31, 2015, by each director, by each executive officer
named in the Summary Compensation Table and by all directors and executive officers as a group. In calculating the percentage of outstanding stock, each listed person's stock options that are or may
be exercisable within sixty days have been added to the total outstanding shares. Name Shares Restricted Stock (1) Stock Options Exercisable Prior to April 1, 2015 (2) Total Shares (3) % of Total Outstanding ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gregory H. Boyce 58,642 (4) 0 0 58,642 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pierre Brondeau 28,393 (4) 0 0 28,393 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Chadwick C. Deaton 11,252 (4) 0 0 11,252 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marcela E. Donadio 6,119 (4) 0 0 6,119 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shirley Ann Jackson 101,189 (4) (5) 0 0 101,189 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Philip Lader 96,792 (4) (5) 0 0 96,792 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Michael E. J. Phelps 44,811 (4) 0 0 44,811 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Dennis H. Reilley 99,301 (4) (5) 0 0 99,301 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman 5,363 143,031 186,691 335,085 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 6,220 31,743 60,185 98,148 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan 31,200 (5) 34,736 290,281 356,217 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little 7,712 49,800 81,168 138,680 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 18,266 (5) 50,920 56,559 125,745 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (15 persons) (1) (2) (4) (5) 1,526,861 * ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ *   Does
not exceed 1% of the common shares outstanding. (1)  Reflects
shares of restricted stock granted under the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan and the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, which are subject to limits on sale and transfer and
can be forfeited under certain conditions. (2)  Includes
vested options exercisable within sixty days of January 31, 2015, including the following number of options that are not in-the-money as of January 31, 2015
based on the closing price of our common stock on January 30, 2015 ($26.60): Mr. Tillman: 186,691; Mr. Sult: 60,185; Ms. Kerrigan: 215,940; Mr. Little: 81,168; and
Mr. Robertson: 56,559. (3)  None
of the shares are pledged as security. (4)  Includes
deferrals of annual retainers into common stock units under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and the 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan prior to
January 1, 2006, and non-retainer annual director stock awards in common stock units, including the 2015 award of common stock units, under the 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan and the ​ 20 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, including their respective dividend equivalent rights allocated in common stock units, as follows: Name Annual Retainer Deferred Into Common Stock Units Non-Retainer Annual Common Stock Units ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gregory H. Boyce 0 48,642 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pierre Brondeau 0 28,393 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Chadwick C. Deaton 0 11,252 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marcela E. Donadio 0 6,119 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shirley Ann Jackson 25,548 73,204 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Philip Lader 18,342 73,204 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Michael E.J. Phelps 0 44,811 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Dennis H. Reilley 21,897 73,204 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (5)  Includes all shares held, if any, under the Marathon Oil Thrift Plan, the Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan, the Non-Employee
Director Stock Plan and in brokerage accounts. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                21 Table of Contents AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit and Finance Committee oversees the Company's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management
has the primary responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements and the establishment and maintenance of the system of internal controls. The
Audit and Finance Committee has reviewed and discussed Marathon Oil's audited financial statements and its report on internal control over financial reporting for 2014 with the Company's
management and internal audit organization. The Audit and Finance Committee has discussed with the independent auditors,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communications with Audit Committees). In
general, these auditing standards require PwC to communicate to the Audit and Finance Committee certain matters that are incidental to the audit, such as any initiation of, or changes to, significant
accounting policies, management judgments, accounting estimates and audit adjustments; disagreements with management; the independent registered public accountants' judgment about the quality of the
Company's accounting principles; significant audit risks identified and any changes from planned audit strategy; the use of specialists on the audit team; and issues for which the independent
registered public accountants have consulted outside the engagement team. The
Audit and Finance Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for independent
auditor communications with audit committees concerning independence, and has considered whether PwC's provision of non-audit services to the Company was compatible with maintaining such independence. Based
on the review and discussions noted above, the Audit and Finance Committee recommended to the Board that the Company's audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014
and the report on internal control over financial reporting be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. AUDIT AND FINANCE
COMMITTEE Michael E. J.
Phelps, Chair Gregory H. Boyce Pierre Brondeau Marcela E. Donadio Shirley Ann Jackson ​ 22 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The Compensation Committee has reviewed with management the Company's Compensation Discussion and Analysis for 2014. Based on that
review, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Gregory H.
Boyce, Chair Pierre Brondeau Chadwick C. Deaton Marcela E. Donadio Shirley Ann Jackson Philip Lader ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                23 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the compensation paid to the named executive officers ("NEOs") listed in
the Summary Compensation Table. It discusses the Company's 2014 highlights, our compensation philosophy, the Compensation Committee's (the "Committee") processes and procedures for establishing an
executive compensation program consistent with that philosophy, the individual elements of our compensation program and the Committee's 2014 compensation decisions for each NEO. For
2014, our NEOs were: Name Title ​ ​ ​ Mr. Lee M. Tillman President and Chief Executive Officer ​ ​ ​ Mr. John R. Sult Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ ​ Ms. Sylvia J. Kerrigan Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary ​ ​ ​ Mr. Lance W. Robertson Vice President, North America Production Operations ​ ​ ​ Mr. T. Mitchell Little Vice President, International and Offshore Exploration and Production Operations ​ ​ ​ EXECUTIVE SUMMARY In
2014, we successfully delivered on our three announced priorities – increasing production by 35% in our U.S. resource plays, successfully marketing our
Norway and Angola assets to continue our portfolio optimization strategy, and executing share repurchases worth $1 billion in the first half of the year. Recording
97% operational availability for Company-operated assets, we grew total Company production from continuing operations (excluding Libya) 8% year over year. Additionally, our proved reserve
replacement (excluding dispositions) was 183% at a very competitive finding and development cost of $20 per barrel of oil equivalent ("boe"). Consistent
with 2013, the Company demonstrated its ability to execute on its strategy while delivering competitive stockholder value through a strong dividend and significant share repurchases of
$1 billion in the first half of 2014. In June, the Board increased our quarterly dividend by 11% to $.21 per share. The
steep decline in commodity prices that began in the second half of the year presents challenges in our industry, but our year-end liquidity of $4.9 billion, including $2.4 billion in
cash, is available to support a quality portfolio concentrated on higher-margin, higher-return opportunities. We grew our 2P* resource in our three U.S. resource basins (the Eagle Ford shale in South
Texas, the Bakken shale in North Dakota, and the Oklahoma Resource Basins) by 20% over year-end 2013. Consistent
with, and in recognition of, the 2014 achievements, the Committee awarded bonuses above target levels to each of our NEOs for their 2014 performance. In addition, the Committee considered
Marathon Oil's strong company performance, relative market competitiveness, and new leadership roles for certain NEOs in determining the intended value of 2014 long-term incentive awards. *        Most likely or "2P" volumes represent most likely deterministic estimates of proved plus probable reserves as defined by the SEC, plus contingent
or "2C" volumes with the same technical certainty as proved and probable reserves that are expected to be recovered but that cannot yet be classified as reserves, or the P50 on the cumulative
distribution of results from probabilistic estimates. ​ 24 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents The
Committee took several recent actions demonstrating its continued commitment to corporate governance and sound compensation practices, further aligning the interests of executive officers with the
long-term interests of our stockholders: • In October 2014, the Committee eliminated excise tax gross-up payments for all executive officers. As a result, no executive officer
is entitled to an excise tax gross-up payment. • In February 2015, the Committee determined that in the event of a change in control, future performance unit awards will vest at the
applicable performance percentage based on Marathon Oil's actual relative total shareholder return ("TSR") ending on the day immediately prior to the date of the change of control as assessed by the
Committee. • In February 2015, the Committee reevaluated the long-term incentive mix for officers to further emphasize performance based
compensation and alignment with our stockholders, while also remaining competitive in our peer group. In 2014 our long term incentive ("LTI") mix was 40% performance units, 40% stock options, and 20%
restricted stock. Beginning in 2015, our LTI mix is 50% performance units, 20% stock options, and 30% restricted stock. COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY Our
success is based on financial performance and operational results, and we believe our executive compensation program is an important driver of that success. The primary
objectives of our program are to: • Pay competitively. We provide market-competitive pay levels to attract and retain the best talent, and regularly benchmark each
component of our pay program, including our benefit programs, to ensure we remain competitive. • Pay for performance. Our program is designed to reward executives for their performance and motivate them to continue to perform at a
high level. Cash bonuses based on annual performance combined with equity awards that vest over several years balance short-term and long-term business objectives. • Encourage creation of long-term stockholder value. Equity awards and robust stock ownership requirements align our executives'
interests with those of our stockholders. A substantial portion of our NEOs' long-term incentive awards is comprised of stock options and performance units tied to relative stockholder returns. COMPENSATION BEST PRACTICES The
Committee periodically evaluates market best practices in executive compensation and modifies our compensation program as necessary to ensure it continues to provide
balanced incentives, while managing compensation risks appropriately in the context of our business objectives. Our compensation program incorporates the following best practices, which we believe are
in the best interests of our stockholders: • Emphasis on at-risk compensation designed to link pay to performance • Emphasis on long-term incentive compensation designed to align executives' interests with those of our stockholders • Engagement of an independent compensation consultant to advise the Committee • Stock ownership policies for officers and directors • Elimination of all excise tax gross-ups for executive officers • Limited use of perquisites, and no tax gross-ups for perquisites • "Double-trigger" change in control cash payments • Clawback policy that applies to both annual cash bonuses and long-term incentive awards ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                25 Table of Contents • Prohibition on margin, derivative or speculative transactions, such as hedges, pledges and margin accounts, by executive officers PAY FOR PERFORMANCE Our
executive compensation programs deliver payments aligned with performance achieved. The largest component of executive compensation is our LTI award programs, which are
described in more detail in "Long-Term Incentive Awards." These programs provide strong alignment between the company's stock performance and what an NEO eventually earns from the awarded
opportunities. To
demonstrate this performance philosophy, the charts below track a notional $1,000 award made in each of the past three long-term incentive cycles as of December 31, 2014. In aggregate, LTI
values were 24% less than target opportunity. The year-end value of these outstanding awards fairly reflects the Company's performance, demonstrating that our LTI programs effectively align pay with
performance. Pay for Performance Illustration CEO COMPENSATION The following chart compares our CEO's targeted compensation opportunities awarded in early 2014 to how the opportunities were
tracking at year end based on company performance. Target
compensation represents the Committee's decisions for annual base salary, target bonus opportunity, and intended long term incentive opportunity granted in February 2014. The
value shown as of December 31, 2014 represents the annual base salary, the actual bonus paid for 2014 performance, the year-end value of restricted stock, an updated Black Scholes valuation
of stock options, and an estimated prevailing value of performance awards. The ultimate value of these performance awards will depend on our stock price and our total shareholder return relative to
industry peers. In combination, the realizable compensation from these awarded opportunities reflects both the Company's near-term financial and operating successes and the Company's long-term stock
performance. ​ 26 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents CEO Total Compensation 2014 Target vs. Value as of 12/31/2014 (In thousands) Values
for the "Pay for Performance" and "CEO Total Compensation" illustrations were determined with the following inputs: • Our closing stock price of $28.29 as of December 31, 2014. • An updated Black Scholes valuation of outstanding options as of December 31, 2014 for valuing stock options. • Our rank in our TSR peer group as of December 31, 2014 and the corresponding payout percentage as measured under our
performance unit programs: 167% for 2012, 73% for 2013, and 100% for 2014. In 2014, performance award values have been capped at 100% of target consistent with our plan terms which specify that awards
will not pay higher than 100% when absolute shareholder returns are negative. HOW WE DETERMINE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Committee is responsible for establishing and overseeing executive compensation programs and policies that are consistent with
our overall compensation philosophy. In making compensation decisions, the Committee considers a variety of factors, including each executive's current compensation, information provided by its
independent compensation consultant, our CEO's input, Peer Group (as defined below) data, each executive's experience in the role, relative scope of responsibility and potential, Company and
individual performance, internal pay equity considerations, and any other information the Committee deems relevant in its discretion. The
Committee also considers the outcome of the Company's advisory stockholder vote on our executive compensation program. At our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders approved our
executive compensation by over 90% of the votes cast. The Committee believes that this strong stockholder vote indicates support for our executive compensation program. Based on this voting result and
its ongoing review of our compensation policies and important governance processes, the Committee concluded that our ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                27 Table of Contents compensation
program effectively aligns the interests of our NEOs with the Company's long-term goals, and determined to make no significant changes to our executive compensation program for 2014. COMPENSATION CONSULTANT For 2014, the Committee directly engaged Meridian Compensation Partners LLC ("Meridian") as its independent compensation
consultant to advise the Committee on executive compensation matters. Meridian provides the Committee with information on industry trends, market practices and legislative issues. Meridian provides no
other services to us or our executive officers, and the Committee has the right to terminate the services of Meridian and appoint a new compensation consultant at any time. Meridian
interacts with several of our officers and employees as necessary. In addition, Meridian may seek input and feedback from members of our management regarding its work product prior to
presentation to the Committee to confirm that information is accurate or address other issues. We believe that Meridian provides an independent perspective to the Committee. THE CEO'S ROLE The Committee seeks significant input from the CEO on compensation decisions and performance appraisals for all executive officers
other than himself. However, all final compensation decisions for our executive officers are made by the Committee. The CEO does not provide recommendations or participate in Committee discussions
concerning his own compensation. PEER GROUP Peer group benchmarking is one of several factors the Committee considers in setting pay. The table below shows our "Peer Group,"
comprised of the industry companies the Committee believes provide the best external benchmarks for executive compensation. In selecting the Peer Group, the Committee considered pertinent financial
measures for each company, including assets, revenue, market capitalization and enterprise value. In
2011, the Committee approved our Peer Group, which reflected the companies against which we compete for executive talent as an independent exploration and production company. The Committee reviews
the Peer Group annually for continued appropriateness, and did not make any changes to the Peer Group for 2014. 2014 Peer Group Companies ​ ​ ​ Anadarko Petroleum Corp. Hess Corp. ​ ​ ​ Apache Corp. Murphy Oil Corp. ​ ​ ​ Chesapeake Energy Corp. Noble Energy Inc. ​ ​ ​ Devon Energy Corp. Occidental Petroleum Corp. ​ ​ ​ Encana Corp. Talisman Energy Inc. ​ ​ ​ EOG Resources Inc. ​ ​ ​ In
January 2015, the Committee determined to adjust the Peer Group to remove Talisman Energy Inc., due to its expected acquisition, and add ConocoPhillips and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. ​ 28 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents COMPENSATION BENCHMARKING PROCESS The Committee conducts an annual comparison of the compensation of our NEOs to the compensation of executives with similar job
responsibilities among companies in our Peer Group, based upon information Meridian gathers and provides to the Committee. The Committee references
this competitive market analysis in making compensation decisions for the coming year. The Committee generally targets executive total direct compensation opportunities at the 50th percentile
of the Peer Group for average performance and adjusts total direct compensation opportunities higher or lower based on the Committee's assessment of each executive's experience, relative scope of
responsibility and potential, internal pay equity considerations and any other information the Committee deems relevant in its discretion. We define total direct compensation as the sum of base
salary, annual cash bonus and long-term incentive awards. In
late 2013, Meridian provided the Committee a market analysis that included information regarding Peer Group executives' base salaries, annual bonus levels and the mix and level of long-term
incentives. According to this analysis, NEO compensation levels varied by individual, but were fairly positioned relative to 50 th percentile benchmarks, averaging 104% of the
market 50 th percentile. PAY MIX Our
executive compensation program includes base salary, annual cash bonuses, long-term incentive awards and other benefits and perquisites. By design, a significant portion
of our executive officers' overall compensation, including annual cash bonuses and long-term incentive awards, is "performance-based," meaning that the opportunity to earn value is largely dependent
on both Company and individual performance. The Committee determines a total compensation opportunity for each executive officer based on a review of competitive market data, a review of our
compensation philosophy, and the Committee's subjective judgment. The Committee does not set fixed percentages for each element of compensation, so the mix may change over time as the competitive
market moves, governance standards evolve, or our business needs change. The
following table shows the 2014 pay mix of total target direct compensation components for our NEOs. The allocation of our compensation components, with a significant emphasis on long-term
incentive awards, aligns with the practices of our Peer Group. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                29 Table of Contents 2014 TOTAL DIRECT COMPENSATION OVERVIEW Decisions
regarding base salaries, target bonus opportunities and long-term incentive awards were generally made in February 2014. Messrs. Robertson and Little
received base salary increases effective August 1, 2014, to reflect the recently-increased scope of their positions. Decisions regarding the payment of 2014 annual cash bonuses were made in
February 2015, after 2014 business results were known and audited. The
following table summarizes the elements of total direct compensation the Committee awarded to our NEOs for 2014 as part of our regular compensation program. The amounts shown differ from the
amounts shown in the Summary Compensation Table because this table provides the intended value for LTI compensation rather than the accounting value required in the Summary Compensation Table.
Intended value reflects established compensation valuation methodologies that are similar to, but can differ from, the methodologies used for accounting purposes as reflected in the Summary
Compensation Table and the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table. Additionally, this table excludes changes in pension value. Intended Value Name 2014 Year End Base Salary 2014 Bonus Payment (paid in 2015) Annual LTI Awards Other LTI Awards Total Direct Compensation ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Tillman $1,050,000 $1,706,250 $7,000,000 ​ $9,756,250 (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Sult $600,000 $663,000 $2,100,000 $3,363,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ms. Kerrigan $575,000 $635,380 $1,900,000 ​ $3,110,380 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Robertson $510,000 $563,550 $1,200,000 $500,000 $2,773,550 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Little $500,000 $552,500 $1,200,000 $500,000 $2,752,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Excludes
$500,000 paid to Mr. Tillman as an installment of the cash sign-on bonus he received in connection with the commencement of his employment in August 2013. As
discussed under "Long-Term Incentive Awards" below, in addition to equity awards made during the regular 2014 award cycle, the Committee approved one-time equity awards to select officers. BASE SALARY The
primary purpose of base salary is to recognize and reward overall responsibilities, established skills, experience and expertise. In setting base salary, the Committee
compares each NEO's current salary to the market 50th percentile, and also considers each individual's experience and expertise, the value and responsibility associated with the role and
internal pay equity. The Committee does not use a formula to calculate base salary increases for NEOs. Based
on these considerations, in February 2014, the Committee awarded a base salary increase to Mr. Tillman and determined to make no changes to the base salaries of the other NEOs. In July
2014, the ​ 30 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents Committee
awarded base salary increases to Messrs. Robertson and Little, effective August 1, 2014, to reflect the recently-increased scope of their positions. Name Base Salary as of January 1, 2014 Base Salary as of April 1, 2014 (Annual Adjustments) Base Salary as of August 1, 2014 (Promotion Adjustments) Base Salary as of January 1, 2015 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Tillman $1,000,000 $1,050,000 $1,050,000 $1,050,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Sult $600,000 $600,000 $600,000 $600,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ms. Kerrigan $575,000 $575,000 $575,000 $575,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Robertson $425,000 $425,000 $510,000 $510,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Little $375,000 $375,000 $500,000 $500,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ANNUAL CASH BONUS The
annual cash bonus rewards executives for achieving short-term financial, operational, and strategic goals that drive stockholder value, as well as for individual
performance during the year. When
determining target bonus opportunities for our executives, the Committee considers the market 50th percentile, as well as each executive's experience, relative scope of responsibility and
potential, internal pay equity considerations and any other information the Committee deems relevant in its discretion. Our targeted performance goals are established to challenge our NEOs to perform
at a high level. Payout results may be above or below target based on actual Company and individual performance. The
Committee determined the 2014 annual cash bonus payout for each NEO based on its assessment of the following: • Quantitative company performance goals, established by the Committee during the first quarter of the year; • Qualitative organizational and strategic performance, evaluated by the Committee; and • Individual performance, including achievement of pre-established goals, leadership and ethics, and overall value that the officer
created for the Company. The
illustration below summarizes the framework used by the Committee to determine individual officer bonus payouts: Base
salary is multiplied by the bonus target to determine the target bonus opportunity. Target bonus opportunity is then multiplied by the company performance score which is comprised of 70%
quantitative company performance goals and 30% qualitative organizational/strategic performance. Each of these quantitative and qualitative scores can be between 0% and 200% (target is 100%). The
final payout for each NEO may be adjusted based on the Committee's discretionary assessment of the NEO's individual performance. 2014 QUANTITATIVE PERFORMANCE METRICS During the first quarter of 2014, the Committee established the performance goals for the bonus program, taking into consideration
key financial, safety and operational performance measures that are important ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                31 Table of Contents indicators
of success in our industry and are not excessively influenced by commodity price fluctuations. The Committee determined the target level of performance for each metric by evaluating factors
such as performance achieved in the immediately preceding year, anticipated challenges for 2014, the business plan and Company strategy. The
following table shows the targets and weightings established by the Committee and the performance achieved during 2014. Strategic Imperative Weight (%) Performance Measure Target Performance Achieved ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ TRIR (1) 0.65 0.75 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Spills to the Environment (2) ³ 1 bbl 75 56 Living Our Values 17 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Process Safety Incidents (3) 1 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Serious Event Rate (4) 0.55 0.40 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Profitable & Sustainable Growth 33 Production, MBOEPD (5) SCO Production, MBPD (6) 465 465 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Operating & Capital Efficiency ​ Cash Costs, $/BOE (7) 12.75 12.15 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 50 F & D Cost, $/BOE Reserve (8) 27 $21 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Quality & Material Resource Capture ​ Finding Cost, $/BOE Resource (9) 4.00 $4.99 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  The
Total Recordable Incident Rate is calculated according to the same formula as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") Recordable Incident Rate by dividing
(a) the total number of OSHA recordable incidents multiplied by 200,000 by (b) the total number of hours worked. This metric includes both Company employees and contractors, and applies
to Company-operated properties only. (2)  Includes
the number of all produced and chemically-treated fluid spills with a volume greater than or equal to one barrel outside of secondary containment on Company-operated
properties. This metric applies to Company-operated properties only. (3)  Includes
incidents at Company-designated facilities that constitute a Process Safety Event Tier 1 as defined by American Petroleum Institute Recommended Practice 754 (Process
Safety Performance Indicators for the Refining and Petrochemical Industries). (4)  Comprised
of the total number of significant and critical severity events (as defined in the Company's Event Reporting and Management Standard) and exposure hours, calculated by
dividing (a) the number of events multiplied by 200,000 by (b) total exposure hours. This metric applies to Company-operated properties only. (5)  Represents
our E&P segment available for sale, adjusted for pricing effects of production sharing contracts, catastrophic events, changes in business climate, acquisitions, and
divestitures. This metric excludes Libya and Angola, but includes Norway. (6)  Calculated
as net synthetic crude oil production (bitumen after royalties and upgrading, excluding blend-stocks), adjusted for price, acquisitions and divestitures, as well as project
deferrals associated with capital constraints. (7)  Calculated
by dividing (a) production expense (direct and indirect expense) and unallocated corporate general and administrative expense, adjusted for foreign exchange rates,
legal settlements, acquisitions and divestitures, bonus accruals, and certain special items by (b) recorded sales adjusted for pricing effects of production sharing contracts and acquisitions
and divestitures. This metric excludes Libya, Angola and Oil Sands Mining, but includes Norway. (8)  Calculated
by dividing (a) capital expenditures and cash exploration expenditures adjusted for foreign exchange rate, capitalized interest and capitalized asset retirement
obligations from our Exploration and Production and Oil Sands Mining segments by (b) reserves excluding dispositions and price related changes. This metric excludes Libya and Angola, but
includes Norway. (9)  Calculated
by dividing a three year average of (a) exploration capital and cash exploration expenditures adjusted for the foreign exchange rate by (b) net booked
resources. ​ 32 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents Upon
review of the quantitative outcomes relative to targeted performance, the Committee concluded that the Company had achieved overall performance exceeding targeted expectations. 2014 ORGANIZATIONAL AND STRATEGIC PERFORMANCE After assessing the Company's financial and operational performance, as detailed in "Executive Summary" above, the Committee
evaluated organizational and strategic performance achievements, representing 30% of the total bonus award opportunity. Upon review of the qualitative outcomes, the Committee concluded that the
Company had achieved overall performance at targeted expectations. 2014 INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE Although our annual bonus program applies a framework and uses goals and formulas, the Committee maintains discretion to adjust
individual cash bonuses to recognize critical performance factors and accomplishments that may not have been fully considered in the performance score calculation. In
evaluating specific contributions made by our NEOs during 2014, the Committee considered each NEO's pre-established performance goals, as well as the NEO's specific contribution to our Company's
key achievements in the last year, including those discussed under "Executive Summary." After
consideration the Committee did not make individual adjustments to 2014 awarded bonuses. ANNUAL CASH BONUS PAYOUTS EARNED FOR 2014 Taking into consideration the Company's quantitative performance, the Company's financial and operational performance and individual
performance, the Committee rewarded our NEOs with annual cash bonus payments above target, averaging 130% of target, for their contributions to our operating and financial results. Base Salary as of December 31, 2014 Bonus Target Target Bonus Opportunity Actual Bonus Payout ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Tillman $1,050,000 125% $1,312,500 $1,706,250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Sult $600,000 85% $510,000 $663,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ms. Kerrigan $575,000 85% $488,750 $635,380 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Robertson $510,000 85% $433,500 $563,550 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Little $500,000 85% $425,000 $552,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS Long-term
incentive, or LTI, awards align the interests of NEOs and stockholders over the long term. These awards assist NEOs in establishing and maintaining significant
equity ownership and place a meaningful portion of compensation at risk based on our common stock price performance. Long-term incentives also encourage retention through continued service
requirements and are intended to represent the largest portion of the NEOs' total direct compensation. The
Committee awards LTIs based on an intended award value that reflects competitive market data, each NEO's performance and each NEO's intended target total compensation. The 2014 intended award
value for NEOs was allocated approximately 40% to performance units, 40% to stock options and 20% to restricted stock. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                33 Table of Contents As
noted above under "Executive Summary," in 2015 the Committee increased our emphasis on performance-based compensation by allocating the 2015 LTI award approximately 50% to performance units, 30% to
restricted stock, and 20% to stock options. ANNUAL GRANT PROCESS Each year, the Committee grants annual awards of LTIs at its regularly scheduled February meeting, the date of which is generally set
at least one year in advance. The grant date for such awards is generally the meeting date; however, for awards approved after market close, the grant date is the next trading day. The
actual LTI value realized by each NEO depends on the price of the underlying shares of common stock at the time of vesting or exercise, and, in the case of performance units, our TSR relative to
that of the companies in our Peer Group. 2014 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS After considering competitive market data, the demand for talent, cost considerations, and the performance of the Company and the
NEOs, the Committee awarded LTIs to each NEO on February 25, 2014 consistent with our normal grant timeline. The Committee also made interim awards to Messrs. Robertson and Little in
July 2014 to reflect the recently-increased scope of their positions. The Committee awards LTIs based on intended value. Intended value reflects established compensation valuation methodologies that
are similar to, but can differ from the methodologies used for accounting purposes as reflected in the Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table. Total 2014 LTI Awards Intended Value Name Annual Grants Special Awards Total Intended Value ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Tillman $7,000,000 ​ $7,000,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Sult $2,100,000 $2,100,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ms. Kerrigan $1,900,000 ​ $1,900,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Robertson $1,200,000 $500,000 $1,700,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Mr. Little $1,200,000 $500,000 $1,700,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ See
the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for additional detail about each LTI award. PERFORMANCE UNITS The Committee believes that a performance unit program based on TSR relative to peer companies aligns pay and Company performance.
The industry peers selected for each performance cycle match the industry peers comprising the prevailing Peer Group used for compensation benchmarking. TSR is determined by adding the sum of stock
price appreciation or reduction per share, plus cumulative dividends per share for the performance period, and dividing that total by the beginning stock price per share. For purposes of this
calculation, the beginning and ending stock prices are the averages of the closing stock prices for the month immediately preceding the beginning and ending dates of the performance period. If the TSR
at the end of the performance period is negative, the payout percentage is capped at 100% regardless of ranking. The Committee has discretion to reduce the final payment associated with any
performance unit award. Performance units, when earned, are paid in cash. ​ 34 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents 2014 PERFORMANCE UNITS In
February 2014, the Committee awarded the NEOs performance units that will vest based on relative TSR for the three-year performance period ending December 31, 2016. The value of each
underlying unit tracks the price of a share of our common stock. The percentage of units earned ranges from 0% to 200% of the units granted. When the award is settled, NEOs will receive dividend
equivalents paid in cash for a number of shares equal to the number of units granted multiplied by the payout percentage. Dividend equivalents accrue and are paid based on performance at the end of
the performance period. Earned awards are paid in cash shortly after the completion of the performance period with the final cash value impacted both by relative TSR rank and our common stock price.
In the event that any companies in our Peer Group undergo a change in corporate capitalization or a corporate transaction during the performance period, the Committee may evaluate whether such company
will be replaced in the Peer Group. The Committee has
designated ConocoPhillips, Pioneer Natural Resources Co., and Southwestern Energy Co. as replacement companies (in that order). The payout percentages for each ranking are: MRO TSR Ranking 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Payout (% of Target) ​ 200% ​ 182% ​ 164% ​ 145% ​ 127% ​ 109% ​ 91% ​ 73% ​ 54% ​ 0% ​ 0% ​ 0% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2013 PERFORMANCE UNITS The
performance units granted in February 2013 have a performance period end date of December 31, 2015. Like the 2014 performance units, the target value of each unit tracks the price of a
share of our common stock. See the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2014 Fiscal Year-End Table for information about the estimated payouts of the 2013 performance units. 2012 PERFORMANCE UNITS The
performance units granted in February 2012 had a performance period end date of December 31, 2014. The target value of each performance unit was $1, with the actual payout varying from $0
to $2 (0% to 200% of target) based on our relative TSR ranking for the measurement period. For example, a 100% payout percentage pays out at $1 per unit. The payout percentages for each ranking are: MRO TSR Ranking 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Payout (% of Target) ​ 200% ​ 183% ​ 167% ​ 150% ​ 133% ​ 117% ​ 100% ​ 83% ​ 67% ​ 0% ​ 0% ​ 0% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For
the performance period ending on December 31, 2014, we ranked third out of twelve companies, resulting in a total maximum per unit value of $1.67. In
January 2015, the Committee determined a final payout value of $1.67 per unit and awarded a payout to Sylvia J. Kerrigan, who was the only NEO employed as an officer when the 2012
performance units were granted. The payout, which was made in January 2015, is included in the Summary Compensation Table in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column. STOCK OPTIONS Stock options provide a direct link between officer compensation and the value delivered to stockholders. The Committee believes that
stock options are inherently performance-based, as option holders only realize compensation if the value of our stock increases following the date of grant. Stock
options granted according to our normal annual grant timeline generally have a three-year pro-rata vesting period and a maximum term of ten years. Additional information on these awards,
including the number of shares subject to each award, is shown in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                35 Table of Contents RESTRICTED STOCK The Committee awards restricted stock for diversification of the long-term incentive award mix, for consistent alignment between
executives and stockholders, and for retention purposes. Restricted stock provides recipients with the opportunity for capital accumulation and a more predictable long-term incentive value than is
provided by performance units or stock options. Restricted
stock awarded according to our normal annual grant schedule typically vests in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. Prior to vesting, restricted stock recipients have the right
to vote and receive dividends on the restricted shares. OTHER BENEFITS PERQUISITES We offer limited perquisites to our NEOs. We believe these perquisites are reasonable, particularly because the cost of these
benefits constitutes a small percentage of each NEO's total compensation. The Committee assesses these perquisites at least annually as part of its total competitive review. We do not provide any tax
gross-ups on these perquisites. The perquisites provided to our NEOs include reimbursement for certain tax, estate, and financial planning services up to $15,000 per year, an enhanced annual physical
examination, and limited personal use of Company aircraft. Our NEOs also participate in the health, retirement, and other benefit plans generally available to our U.S. employees. See
the "All Other Compensation" column of the Summary Compensation Table and the footnotes following the Summary Compensation Table for additional details concerning the perquisites provided to our
NEOs in 2014. RETIREMENT BENEFITS We offer NEOs the opportunity to provide for retirement through four plans: • Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan ("Thrift Plan") – A tax-qualified 401(k) plan. • Retirement Plan of Marathon Oil Company ("Retirement Plan") – A tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. • Excess Benefit Plan ("Excess Plan") – A nonqualified plan allowing employees to accrue benefits above the tax
limits, with components attributable to both the Retirement Plan and the Thrift Plan. • Marathon Oil Company Deferred Compensation Plan ("Deferred Compensation Plan") – A nonqualified plan where NEOs can
defer a portion of their compensation. Benefits
payable under our qualified and nonqualified plans are described in more detail in "Post-Employment Benefits" and "Nonqualified Deferred Compensation." We
also sponsor retiree medical plans for a broad-based group of employees, including the NEOs. The Committee has determined that providing these arrangements plays a meaningful role in attracting and
retaining qualified employees and executives. SEVERANCE BENEFITS Our NEOs do not have employment agreements entitling them to any special executive severance payments, other than the change in
control termination benefits described below. The Board may exercise discretion to make executive severance payments to executives on a case-by-case basis. We have a policy requiring that our Board
seek stockholder approval or ratification of certain severance agreements, including agreements ​ 36 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents providing
change in control benefits, for senior executive officers that would require payment of cash severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times the officer's salary plus bonus for the prior calendar
year. We
believe change in control benefits are necessary to attract and retain talent within our industry, ensure continuity of management in the event of a change in control and provide our NEOs with the
security to make decisions that are in the best interests of our stockholders. We
adopted our original executive change in control severance benefit plan in 2001. In October 2011, the Committee decided to eliminate excise tax gross-ups from any change in control plan or
arrangement established in the future, and thus adopted a more limited plan, applicable to executive officers newly hired or promoted after October 26, 2011, that provides no excise tax
gross-ups. Further, in October 2014, the Committee decided to eliminate excise tax gross-up payments for all executive officers, regardless of hire or promotion date. The Committee terminated the 2001
plan and amended the 2011 plan to cover all executive officers. As a result, no executive officer is entitled to an excise tax gross-up payment. Our
change in control benefits are described in more detail under "Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control." STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS AND ANTI-HEDGING & ANTI-PLEDGING POLICIES All
of our officers who are "executive officers" for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act are subject to our stock ownership requirements, which are intended to
reinforce the alignment of interests between our officers and stockholders. The stock ownership requirements are as follows: • CEO – six times base salary; • Executive Vice Presidents – four times base salary; and • Vice Presidents – two times base salary. Executive
officers have five years from their respective appointment dates to achieve the designated stock ownership level. The Committee reviews each executive officer's progress toward the
requirements on at least an annual basis to determine whether the market value of shares, including the value of unvested shares not subject to performance conditions, satisfies our requirements.
Executive officers who have not reached the required level of stock ownership are expected to hold the shares they receive upon vesting of restricted stock or exercise of stock options (after payment
of exercise prices and after taxes) so that they meet their requirement in a timely manner. All of our NEOs currently comply with our stock ownership requirements. To
ensure that they bear the full risks of stock ownership, officers are prohibited from engaging in hedging transactions related to our stock. Officers are also prohibited from pledging or creating a
security interest in any shares of our common stock they hold, including shares in excess of the applicable ownership requirement. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                37 Table of Contents TAX CONSIDERATIONS The
Committee considers the tax effects to us and the NEOs when making executive compensation decisions to deliver compensation in a tax-efficient manner. However, the
Committee's priority is to provide performance-based and competitive compensation. Therefore, some compensation paid to NEOs is not deductible due to the limitations of Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code. As
required under Section 162(m), our stockholders approved the material terms of performance goals for awards to NEOs, which are contained in our 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan. These
performance goals include both financial and operational measures. For purposes of qualifying compensation as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) in 2014, we used both
financial and operational goals to establish maximum potential performance-based payments for NEOs. The determination of actual annual cash bonus payments for NEOs is described above under "Annual
Cash Bonus." ​ 38 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table summarizes the total compensation for each NEO for the years shown. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus (1) ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) Option Awards (2) ($) Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (4) ($) All Other Compensation (5) ($) Total ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman ​ 2014 ​ 1,036,346 ​ 500,000 ​ 4,301,154 ​ 3,466,985 ​ 1,706,250 ​ 249,489 ​ 237,843 ​ 11,498,067 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ President and Chief ​ 2013 ​ 392,307 ​ 3,875,000 ​ 3,813,995 ​ 2,609,206 ​ 0 ​ 35,246 ​ 42,153 ​ 10,767,907 Executive Officer ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 2014 600,000 0 1,290,384 1,040,099 663,000 117,093 136,800 3,847,375 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Executive Vice 2013 182,308 765,000 1,045,584 996,745 0 16,781 20,092 3,026,510 President and Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan ​ 2014 ​ 575,000 ​ 0 ​ 1,167,467 ​ 941,042 ​ 1,918,739 ​ 879,494 ​ 112,435 ​ 5,594,177 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Executive Vice ​ 2013 ​ 575,000 ​ 733,000 ​ 1,113,954 ​ 673,050 ​ 788,487 ​ 205,407 ​ 108,569 ​ 4,197,467 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ President, General ​ 2012 ​ 556,250 ​ 755,000 ​ 420,720 ​ 771,193 ​ 180,700 ​ 1,040,385 ​ 96,407 ​ 3,820,655 Counsel & Secretary ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 2014 458,019 0 1,239,418 594,342 563,550 70,054 78,735 3,004,118 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Vice President, 2013 392,211 526,000 1,371,882 353,850 0 51,322 65,141 2,760,407 North America Production Operations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little ​ 2014 ​ 423,558 ​ 0 ​ 1,239,418 ​ 594,342 ​ 552,500 ​ 1,101,270 ​ 64,064 ​ 3,975,152 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Vice President, ​ 2013 ​ 344,904 ​ 422,000 ​ 1,371,882 ​ 353,850 ​ 0 ​ 213,815 ​ 52,278 ​ 2,758,729 International and ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Offshore Production ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Operations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  This
column reflects payouts made under the Annual Cash Bonus Plan for years prior to 2014. For Mr. Tillman, this column also includes installments of the cash sign-on bonus he
received in connection with the consummation of his employment with us in August 2013: $2,000,000 in 2013 and $500,000 in 2014. (2)  This
column reflects the aggregate grant date fair values calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation.
Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in footnote 20 to our consolidated financial statements in our annual reports on Form 10-K for the years ended
December 31, 2014, December 31, 2013, and December 31, 2012, respectively. For 2014, the Stock Awards column also includes the grant date fair value of the share-denominated
performance units granted in February 2014, which ultimately will be settled in cash. The value ultimately realized by the officers upon the actual vesting of the awards may or may not be equal to
this determined value, as these awards are subject to market conditions and have been valued based on an assessment of the market conditions as of the grant date. See the "Grants of Plan-Based Awards
Table" and "Long-Term Incentive Awards" for further detail on our performance unit program. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                39 Table of Contents (3)  This
column reflects the 2014 annual cash bonus, determined by the Compensation Committee and paid in February 2015 pursuant to the Company's Annual Cash Bonus Plan. These awards are
discussed in further detail under "Annual Cash Bonus." The amounts shown in this column also reflect the vested value of performance units earned by our NEOs during the performance period that ended
on December 31, 2014, December 31, 2013, and June 30, 2012, respectively. In 2013 we changed the design of our performance units which resulted in reporting performance unit
values in the Stock Awards column as of the date granted instead of Non-Equity Incentive column as of the date earned. This means an NEO could show performance unit values in both columns during the
overlapping 3 year vesting period. For 2014, the only NEO whose performance unit value appears in both columns is Ms. Kerrigan. (4)  This
column reflects the annual change in accumulated benefits under our retirement plans. See "Post-Employment Benefits" for more information about our defined benefit plans and the
assumptions used in calculating these amounts. No deferred compensation earnings are reported in this column because our non-qualified deferred compensation plans do not provide above-market or
preferential earnings. (5)  The
following table describes each component of the All Other Compensation column for 2014 in the Summary Compensation Table. Name Personal Use of Company Aircraft (a) ($) Company Physicals (b) ($) Tax & Financial Planning (c) ($) Miscellaneous Perks (d) ($) Company Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans (e) ($) Matching Contributions (f) ($) Total All Other Compensation ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman 9,450 4,875 14,009 4,715 203,794 1,000 237,843 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 11,375 4,875 15,000 0 95,550 10,000 136,800 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan 0 4,875 16,000 0 91,560 0 112,435 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 3,500 4,875 1,479 0 68,881 0 78,735 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little 0 4,875 0 0 59,189 0 64,064 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (a)  The
amounts shown in this column reflect the aggregate incremental cost of personal use of Company aircraft by our NEOs for 2014, including travel from personal events to accommodate
Company business deadlines. In addition, spouses and invited guests of executives occasionally fly on corporate aircraft as additional passengers on business flights. In those cases, the aggregate
incremental cost to us is a de minimis amount and is not reflected in the table. (b)  All
regular employees in the United States, including our NEOs, are eligible to receive annual physical and wellness incentives. However, officers may receive an enhanced physical
under the executive physical program. This column reflects the average incremental cost of the executive physical program over the employee physical program. Due to Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act ("HIPAA") confidentiality requirements, we do not disclose actual use of this program by individual officers. (c)  This
column reflects reimbursement for professional advice related to tax, estate, and financial planning. The maximum annual benefit is $15,000, and reimbursements are attributed to
the calendar year in which services are performed. Due to processing delays, the actual amount reimbursed to an officer may exceed $15,000 in a given year. (d)  This
column reflects the annual premium for an individual life insurance policy. (e)  This
column reflects amounts contributed by us under the Thrift Plan and related non-qualified deferred compensation plans. See "Post-Employment Benefits" and "Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation" for more information about the non-qualified plans. (f)   The
amounts shown represent contributions made on behalf of the NEOs under our matching gifts programs for approved not-for-profit charities. The annual limit on matching
contributions is $10,000. ​ 40 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN 2014 The
following table provides information about all plan-based long-term incentive awards (stock options, restricted stock, and performance units) granted to each named
executive officer during 2014. The awards listed in the table were granted under the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2012 Plan") and are described in more detail in "Compensation Discussion and
Analysis." Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Exercise or Base Price of Option Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Name Type of Award Grant Date Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Units (#) Options (#) Awards ($) Awards (3) ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman Annual Cash Bonus ​ ​ ​ 0 ​ 1,312,500 ​ 2,625,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ Performance Units (1) ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 42,131 ​ 84,262 ​ 168,524 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,867,436 ​ Stock Options ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 330,189 ​ 34.03 ​ 3,466,985 ​ Restricted Stock ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 42,131 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,433,718 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult Annual Cash Bonus 0 510,000 1,020,000 — Performance Units (1) 2/25/2014 12,640 25,279 50,558 860,244 Stock Options 2/25/2014 99,057 34.03 1,040,099 Restricted Stock 2/25/2014 12,640 430,139 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan Annual Cash Bonus ​ ​ ​ 0 ​ 488,750 ​ 977,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ Performance Units (1) ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,436 ​ 22,871 ​ 45,742 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 778,300 ​ Stock Options ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 89,623 ​ 34.03 ​ 941,042 ​ Restricted Stock ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,436 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 389,167 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson Annual Cash Bonus 0 433,500 867,000 — Performance Units (1) 2/25/2014 7,223 14,445 28,890 491,563 Stock Options 2/25/2014 56,604 34.03 594,342 Restricted Stock 2/25/2014 7,223 245,799 Restricted Stock (2) 7/30/2014 12,659 502,056 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little Annual Cash Bonus ​ ​ ​ 0 ​ 425,000 ​ 850,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ Performance Units (1) ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,223 ​ 14,445 ​ 28,890 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 491,563 ​ Stock Options ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 56,604 ​ 34.03 ​ 594,342 ​ Restricted Stock ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 7,223 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 245,799 ​ Restricted Stock (2) ​ 7/30/2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 12,659 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 502,056 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Performance
units, discussed under "Long-Term Incentive Awards," are denominated as an equivalent of one share of our common stock and, if earned, are paid in cash. (2)  Reflect
interim awards, granted to Messrs. Robertson and Little in July 2014 to reflect the recently-increased scope of their positions, that vest on the third anniversary of
the grant date. (3)  The
amounts shown in this column reflect the total grant date fair values of stock options, restricted stock, and performance units calculated in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States regarding stock compensation. The Black-Scholes value used for the stock options granted on February 25, 2014 was $10.50. The value ultimately
realized by each NEO upon the actual vesting of the award(s) or exercise of the stock option(s) may or may not be equal to this determined value. Valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these
amounts are included in footnote 20 to our consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. See "Long-Term Incentive Awards" for
more information about restricted stock, stock options, and performance unit awards. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                41 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2014 FISCAL YEAR-END The
following table provides information about the unexercised stock options (vested and unvested) and unvested restricted stock held by each NEO as of December 31,
2014. Option Awards Stock Awards ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Restricted Stock/Units Equity Incentive Plan Awards (Performance Units) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Name and Grant Date Exercisable (#) Unexercisable (1) (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3) ($) Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (4) (#) Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (5) ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8/15/2013 ​ 76,628 ​ 153,258 ​ 34.65 ​ 8/15/2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ 0 ​ 330,189 ​ 34.03 ​ 2/25/2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 76,628 ​ 483,447 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 143,031 ​ 4,046,347 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 84,262 ​ 4,767,544 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 9/11/2013 27,166 54,334 36.49 9/11/2023 2/25/2014 0 99,057 34.03 2/25/2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 27,166 153,391 31,743 898,009 2014 25,279 1,430,286 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 6/01/2006 ​ 10,851 ​ 0 ​ 23.69 ​ 6/1/2016 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/30/2007 ​ 8,568 ​ 0 ​ 38.25 ​ 5/30/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/28/2008 ​ 6,679 ​ 0 ​ 32.06 ​ 5/28/2018 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/27/2009 ​ 14,991 ​ 0 ​ 18.32 ​ 5/27/2019 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/24/2010 ​ 48,499 ​ 0 ​ 18.28 ​ 2/24/2020 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/23/2011 ​ 62,786 ​ 0 ​ 30.81 ​ 2/23/2021 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/28/2012 ​ 43,533 ​ 21,767 ​ 35.06 ​ 2/28/2022 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/26/2013 ​ 21,366 ​ 42,734 ​ 32.86 ​ 2/26/2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ 0 ​ 89,623 ​ 34.03 ​ 2/25/2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 217,273 ​ 154,124 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 34,736 ​ 982,681 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2013 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 22,600 ​ 639,354 2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 22,871 ​ 1,294,041 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 2/28/2012 6,361 3,181 35.06 2/28/2022 8/31/2012 5,683 2,842 27.82 8/31/2022 2/26/2013 11,233 22,467 32.86 2/26/2023 2/25/2014 0 56,604 34.03 2/25/2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 23,277 85,094 50,920 1,440,527 2013 11,900 336,651 2014 14,445 817,298 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/30/2007 ​ 7,661 ​ 0 ​ 38.25 ​ 5/30/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/28/2008 ​ 5,908 ​ 0 ​ 32.06 ​ 5/28/2018 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 5/25/2011 ​ 18,947 ​ 0 ​ 33.06 ​ 5/25/2021 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8/31/2011 ​ 2,309 ​ 0 ​ 26.92 ​ 8/31/2021 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/28/2012 ​ 3,339 ​ 1,670 ​ 35.06 ​ 2/28/2022 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/26/2013 ​ 11,233 ​ 22,467 ​ 32.86 ​ 2/26/2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ 0 ​ 56,604 ​ 34.03 ​ 2/26/2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 49,397 ​ 80,741 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 49,800 ​ 1,408,842 ​ ​ ​ ​ 2013 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 11,900 ​ 336,651 2014 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 14,445 ​ 817,298 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) All
stock options listed in this column vest in one-third increments on each anniversary of the grant date. ​ 42 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents (2) This
column reflects the number of shares of unvested restricted stock held by our NEOs on December 31, 2014. Name Grant Date # of Unvested Shares Vesting Date ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman ​ 8/15/2013 ​ ​ ​ 9,173 ​ 8/15/2015 ​ ​ 8/15/2013 ​ ​ ​ 91,727 ​ 8/15/2016 ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ 42,131 ​ 2/25/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total: ​ 143,031 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 9/11/2013 9,551 9/11/2015 9/11/2013 9,552 9/11/2016 2/25/2014 12,640 2/25/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total: 31,743 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan ​ 2/28/2012 ​ ​ ​ 12,000 ​ 2/28/2015 ​ ​ 2/26/2013 ​ ​ ​ 11,300 ​ 2/26/2016 ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ 11,436 ​ 2/25/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total: ​ 34,736 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 2/28/2012 1,169 2/28/2015 5/10/2013 4,647 5/10/2015 8/31/2012 972 8/31/2015 10/30/2012 5,007 10/30/2015 2/26/2013 6,000 2/26/2016 5/10/2013 4,647 5/10/2016 9/25/2013 8,596 9/25/2016 2/25/2014 7,223 2/25/2017 7/30/2014 12,659 7/30/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total: 50,920 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little ​ 2/28/2012 ​ ​ ​ 614 ​ 2/28/2015 ​ ​ 5/10/2013 ​ ​ ​ 4,647 ​ 5/10/2015 ​ ​ 9/26/2012 ​ ​ ​ 5,414 ​ 9/26/2015 ​ ​ 2/26/2013 ​ ​ ​ 6,000 ​ 2/26/2016 ​ ​ 5/10/2013 ​ ​ ​ 4,647 ​ 5/10/2016 ​ ​ 9/25/2013 ​ ​ ​ 8,596 ​ 9/25/2016 ​ ​ 2/25/2014 ​ ​ ​ 7,223 ​ 2/25/2017 ​ ​ 7/30/2014 ​ ​ ​ 12,659 ​ 7/30/2017 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total: ​ 49,800 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (3)  This
column reflects the aggregate value of all shares of unvested restricted stock held by each NEO on December 31, 2014, using the December 31, 2014 closing stock
price of $28.29. Upon normal retirement, unvested shares are forfeited. (4)  This
column represents the number of outstanding share-based performance units. The awards granted in 2013 have a performance period of January 1, 2013 to December 31,
2015. The awards granted in 2014 have a performance period of January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2016. (5)  The
2013 estimated payouts are currently tracking at a 73% payout based on performance as of December 31, 2014. Market Value shown reflects a payout at target (100%) and uses
the December 31, 2014 closing stock price of $28.29. The 2014 estimated payouts are currently tracking at a 109% payout based on performance as of December 31, 2014. Market Value shown
reflects a payout at maximum (200%) and uses the December 31, 2014 closing stock price of $28.29. These estimated payouts are not necessarily indicative of the actual payout at the end of the
performance period. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                43 Table of Contents OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN 2014 The
following table provides information about the value realized by the NEOs on option award exercises and restricted stock vesting during 2014. Option Awards Stock Awards ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise (1) ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting (2) ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman 0 0 9,172 358,212 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 0 0 9,551 380,225 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan 0 0 9,098 308,468 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 0 0 16,846 590,588 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little 0 0 9,389 351,866 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  This
column reflects the actual pre-tax gains realized by NEOs upon exercise of stock options, which, in each case, is the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date less
the grant price. (2)  This
column reflects the actual pre-tax gains realized by NEOs upon vesting of restricted stock, which, in each case, is the fair market value of the shares on the vesting date. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS Marathon
Oil offers NEOs the opportunity to save for retirement as follows: • Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan ("Thrift Plan"): A tax-qualified 401(k) plan that currently provides for company matching
contributions of up to 7% of eligible earnings. • Retirement Plan of Marathon Oil Company ("Retirement Plan"): A tax qualified defined benefit pension plan. • Excess Benefit Plan ("Excess Plan"): A nonqualified plan. The defined benefit portion allows participants to accrue benefits above the
defined benefit tax limits, and the defined contribution portion allows participants to accrue benefits above the defined contribution tax limits. • Marathon Oil Company Deferred Compensation Plan ("Deferred Compensation Plan"): A nonqualified plan allowing participants to defer a
portion of their compensation and accrue benefits above the Thrift Plan tax limits. All
plans have a three-year vesting requirement for company contributions. All NEOs other than Messrs. Tillman and Sult have met the vesting requirement. See
"Nonqualified Deferred Compensation" below for additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan and the defined contribution portion of the Excess Plan. RETIREMENT PLAN In general, all regular full-time and part-time employees in the United States are eligible to participate in the Retirement Plan as
of their date of hire. Benefit
accruals are determined under a cash-balance formula, under which plan participants receive pay credits each year equal to a percentage of compensation based on their plan points. Plan points
equal the ​ 44 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents sum
of a participant's age and cash-balance service. Participants with fewer than 50 points receive a 7% pay credit percentage; participants with 50 to 69 points receive a 9% pay credit percentage;
and participants with 70 or more points receive an 11% pay credit percentage. Participants are also credited with interest at a rate based on the 30-year Treasury rate, which in 2014 was 3.74%. For
2014, Mr. Little received a pay credit equal to 11% of compensation, Ms. Kerrigan and Messrs. Tillman and Sult received pay credits equal to 9% of compensation and
Mr. Robertson received a pay credit equal to 7% of compensation. Participants
who began employment prior to January 1, 2010 also have a portion of their benefit calculated under a legacy final average pay formula, which is referred to as the Legacy formula.
Ms. Kerrigan and Mr. Little are the only NEOs with a Legacy benefit. Up to 37.5 years of participation may be recognized under the formula, and only service earned prior to
January 1, 2010 is recognized. Eligible earnings under the Retirement Plan primarily include base salary and annual cash bonuses (including Thrift Plan deferrals but excluding amounts deferred
under our nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan). Long-term incentive compensation is not included. Final average pay, vesting service and age continue to be updated under the Legacy formula. The
monthly benefit under the Legacy formula is calculated as follows: Normal
retirement age under the Retirement Plan is age 65. However, retirement-eligible participants are able to retire and receive an unreduced benefit under the Legacy formula upon reaching age 62.
Retirement Plan benefits include various annuity options and a lump sum distribution option. Participants are eligible for early retirement subsidies under the Legacy formula upon reaching age 50 and
completing ten years of vesting service. Of the two NEOs eligible for the Legacy formula, only Mr. Little is currently eligible for early retirement subsidies. We
have not granted years of service in addition to the service recognized under the terms of our qualified retirement plans (applicable to a broad-based group of employees) to any NEO for purposes of
retirement benefit accruals. EXCESS PLAN – DEFINED BENEFIT
PORTION The Excess Plan for certain highly compensated employees, including our NEOs, provides benefits that participants would have received
under our tax-qualified Retirement Plan but for certain Internal Revenue Code limitations. Eligible earnings under the Excess Plan include deferred compensation contributions. The Excess Plan also
provides an enhancement for officers based on the three highest bonuses earned during their last ten years of employment, instead of the consecutive bonus formula in place for non-officers. Distributions under the Excess Plan are paid in a lump sum following separation from service. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                45 Table of Contents PENSION BENEFITS TABLE The following table shows the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits payable to each NEO under the Retirement Plan and the
defined benefit portion of the Excess Plan as of December 31, 2014. These values have been determined using actuarial assumptions consistent with those used in our financial statements. Name Plan Name Number of Years of Credited Service (1) (#) Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (2) ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman Retirement Plan 1.42 44,692 0 ​ Excess Benefit Plan 1.42 240,043 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult Retirement Plan 1.33 40,174 0 Excess Benefit Plan 1.33 93,700 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan Retirement Plan 17.67 611,035 0 ​ Excess Benefit Plan 17.67 2,755,551 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson Retirement Plan 3.25 54,112 0 Excess Benefit Plan 3.25 104,285 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little Retirement Plan 27.58 1,090,417 0 ​ Excess Benefit Plan 27.58 2,137,236 0 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Represents
the number of years the NEO has participated in the plan. However, Plan Participation Service, used to calculate each participant's benefit under the Legacy formula, was
frozen as of December 31, 2009. (2)  Assuming
a discount rate of 3.71%, a lump sum interest rate of 1.21%, the RP2000 combined healthy mortality table weighted 75% male and 25% female, a lump sum election rate of 100%
for the non-qualified plan and 90% for the qualified plan, and retirement at age 62 or the age at measurement date, if older. NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION We
offer our officers, including our NEOs, the opportunity to accrue benefits equal to the Company matching contributions they would have received under the Thrift Plan but
for certain Internal Revenue Code limitations. Participants can accrue these benefits in either the Deferred Compensation Plan or the defined contribution portion of the Excess Plan. Both plans have a
three year vesting requirement for Company contributions. All NEOs other than Messrs. Tillman and Sult have met the vesting requirement. Distributions from the Deferred Compensation Plan and
the Excess Plan are paid as a lump sum following separation from service. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified plan into which participants may elect to defer up to 20% of their salary
and bonus each year. No NEO elected to defer compensation for 2014. Participants are fully vested in their own deferrals under the plan. Additionally, participants can receive company contributions
into the plan equal to the maximum potential matching contribution under the Thrift Plan after they have reached defined contribution accruals under the Thrift Plan in excess of tax limits. The
investment options available under the Deferred Compensation Plan generally mirror the investment options available under the Thrift Plan, except for Marathon Oil common stock, which is not
available under the Deferred Compensation Plan. ​ 46 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents EXCESS PLAN – DEFINED
CONTRIBUTION PORTION Prior to becoming eligible for participation in the Deferred Compensation Plan, NEOs may have received defined contribution accruals
under the Excess Plan. These contributions were available after a participant's Thrift Plan contributions were limited due to tax requirements and equaled the maximum potential matching contribution
under the Thrift Plan. Defined contribution accruals in the Excess Plan are credited with interest equal to that paid in the "Marathon Oil Stable Value Fund" option of the Marathon Oil Company Thrift
Plan. The annual rate of return on this option for 2014 was 1.60%. NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION TABLE The following table shows each NEO's accumulated benefits under our nonqualified savings and deferred compensation plans for 2014. Name Plan Name Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (1) ($) Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (1) ($) Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year ($) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End (2) ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman Deferred Compensation 0 185,594 7,867 0 203,225 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult Deferred Compensation 0 77,350 5,693 0 83,043 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan Excess Benefit Plan 0 635 0 42,601 ​ Deferred Compensation 0 73,360 7,047 0 473,130 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson Excess Benefit Plan 0 314 0 19,965 Deferred Compensation 0 50,681 11,448 0 112,315 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little Excess Benefit Plan 0 1,022 0 65,042 ​ Deferred Compensation 0 40,989 3,898 0 79,551 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  The
amounts shown in this column are also included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. (2)  Certain
portions shown for each NEO were also reported in the Summary Compensation Tables of our proxy statements in prior years. POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL As
a matter of policy, we do not enter into employment, severance, or change-in-control agreements with our NEOs. Rather, we provide an Executive Change in Control Severance
Benefits Plan, which is described in more detail below. RETIREMENT OR SEPARATION Upon retirement or separation, our NEOs are entitled to receive their vested benefits that have accrued under our broad-based and
executive benefit programs. For more information see "Post-Employment Benefits" and "Nonqualified Deferred Compensation." ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                47 Table of Contents If an NEO retires, meaning the NEO separates employment after attaining age 50 with at least ten years of vesting service, unvested stock options become immediately exercisable
according to the grant terms. Unvested restricted stock awards are forfeited upon retirement (except in the case of mandatory retirement at age 65). Unvested performance units are forfeited upon
retirement unless the NEO has worked more than half of the performance period, in which case awards may be vested on a prorated basis at the discretion of the Committee. Of the NEOs, only
Mr. Little is currently retirement eligible. DEATH OR DISABILITY In the event of death or disability, our NEOs (or the beneficiary or estate, as defined by the plan terms) would be entitled to
vested benefits accrued under our broad-based and executive benefits programs. Long-term incentive awards would immediately vest in full upon the death of an NEO,
with performance units vesting at the target level. In the event of disability, long-term incentive awards would continue to vest as if the NEO remained actively employed for up to 24 months
during the period of disability. CHANGE IN CONTROL To encourage our NEOs to continue their dedication to their assigned duties where a change in control of the Company is under
consideration, our Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Plan (the "Change in Control Plan") provides certain severance benefits if employment is terminated under certain circumstances
following a change in control or during a potential change in control. Under
the Change in Control Plan, a change in control will have occurred if: • any person not affiliated with Marathon Oil acquires 20% or more of the voting power of our outstanding securities; • our Board no longer has a majority comprised of (1) individuals who were directors on the effective date of the plan and
(2) new directors (other than directors who join our Board in connection with an election contest) approved by two-thirds of the directors then in office who (a) were directors on the
effective date of the plan or (b) were themselves previously approved by our Board in this manner; • we merge with another company and, as a result, our stockholders hold less than 50% of the surviving entity's voting power immediately
after the transaction; • our stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation of Marathon Oil; or • we sell all or substantially all of our assets. In
addition, a potential change in control could occur if any person takes certain actions that could result in a change in control. The definition of a potential change in control for purposes of the
Change in Control Plan is complex but, in general, would occur if: • Marathon Oil enters into an agreement which could result in a change in control; • any person becomes the owner of 15% or more of our common stock; • any person or entity publicly announces an intention to take over Marathon Oil; or • our Board determines that a potential change in control has occurred. If
an NEO is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason following a change in control or during a potential change in control, he or she will be entitled to the
following: • a cash payment of up to three times the sum of the NEO's current salary on the termination date plus the average bonus awarded to the
NEO in the three years before the termination or change in control (or during the period of employment if less than three years); • life and health insurance benefits for up to 36 months after termination, at the lesser of the current cost or the active
employee cost; ​ 48 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents • an additional three years of service credit and three years of age credit for purposes of retiree health and life insurance benefits; • a cash payment equal to the difference between the amount receivable under our defined contribution plan and the amount which would
have been received if the NEO's savings had been fully vested; • a cash payment equal to the actuarial equivalent of the difference between the amounts receivable by the NEO under the final average
pay formula in our pension plans and the amounts which would be payable if (a) the NEO had an additional three years of participation service credit, (b) the NEO's final average pay
would be the higher of salary at the time of the change in control event or termination plus his or her highest annual bonus from the preceding three years, (c) for purposes of determining
early retirement commencement factors, the NEO had three additional years of vesting service credit and three additional years of age, and (d) the NEO's pension had been fully vested; and • a cash payment equal to the difference between the amount receivable under our defined benefit plan and the amount which would have
been received if the NEO's savings had been fully vested. These
benefits are not payable if the termination is for cause or due to mandatory retirement, death, disability or resignation (other than for good reason) by the NEO. The
program includes no provisions to reimburse or "gross up" tax obligations following a change in control. Immediately
upon a change in control or upon an NEO's termination of employment during a potential change in control, unvested stock options, and restricted stock vest in full. If a change in control
occurs prior to the end of a performance period, unvested performance units vest in full as follows: • performance units granted prior to 2015 vest at the target level; and • performance units granted after 2014 will vest at the applicable performance percentage based on Marathon Oil's actual relative TSR
ending on the day immediately prior to the date of the change of control. The
Change in Control Plan will continue in effect during a potential change in control period and for two years after a change in control. We
have a policy that our Board will seek stockholder approval or ratification of any severance agreement for a senior executive officer (other than agreements consistent with our 2001 change in
control policy, which is reflected in the Change in Control Plan) that generally requires payment of cash severance benefits exceeding 2.99 times a senior executive officer's salary plus bonus for the
prior calendar year. The
following tables assume a termination date or change-in-control date of December 31, 2014, the last business day of 2014. The value of the equity awards (accelerated vesting of restricted
stock awards, stock options and performance unit awards) was calculated using the December 31, 2014 closing market price for
our common stock ($28.29). The value of performance unit awards assumes that the 2013 and 2014 Performance Units would vest and be paid out at target. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                49 Table of Contents Payments upon a Change in Control without Termination of Employment Name Accelerated Vesting of LTI ($) ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman 6,497,529 ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 1,656,008 ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan 2,321,705 ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 2,216,807 ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little 2,183,786 ​ ​ ​ Payments upon a Change in Control or Potential Change of Control Followed by Termination of
Employment with Good Reason or by the Company without Cause Name Accelerated Vesting of LTI ($) Severance Payment (1) ($) Health & Welfare Benefits (2) ($) Retirement Enhancement (3) ($) Total Payments ($) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lee M. Tillman 6,497,529 8,775,000 76,540 544,452 15,893,521 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John R. Sult 1,656,007 4,095,000 66,395 260,148 6,077,550 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sylvia J. Kerrigan 2,321,704 3,813,000 941,132 3,648,895 10,724,731 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Lance W. Robertson 2,216,807 2,781,000 73,780 0 5,071,587 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ T. Mitchell Little 2,183,786 2,462,000 106,669 3,306,527 8,058,982 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1)  Messrs. Tillman
and Sult and Ms. Kerrigan are subject to the Policy concerning Severance Agreements with Senior Executive Officers that requires payment of cash
severance benefits in an amount exceeding 2.99 times the sum of base salary plus previous year's bonus to be subject to stockholder approval. The amounts shown are maximum amounts, assuming that
stockholder approval is obtained. (2)  Reflects
the incremental value of continued coverage and enhanced subsidy for retiree medical coverage assuming an election based on the officer's current elections regarding plan
participation and coverage level. (3)  Retirement
benefits included in these amounts were calculated using the following assumptions: individual life expectancies using the RP2000 Combined Healthy Table weighted 75% male
and 25% female; a discount rate of 0.75% for NEOs who are retirement eligible (taking into account the additional three years of age and service credit); and a lump sum form of benefit. ​ 50 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS We have written procedures for monitoring, reviewing, approving or ratifying related person transactions. We will enter into or
ratify related person transactions only when the Board, acting through the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, determines that the related person transaction is in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. The primary features of these procedures are: • Each director and executive officer must submit a list of his or her immediate family members, each listed individual's employer and
job title, each firm, corporation or other entity in which such individual is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a five percent or greater beneficial ownership
interest, and any charitable or non-profit organization for which such individual is actively involved in fundraising or otherwise serves as a director, trustee or in a similar capacity. • The Company maintains a list, to the extent the information is publicly available, of five percent beneficial owners, including
(a) if the owner is an individual, the same information requested of directors and executive officers as noted above, and (b) if the owner is a firm, corporation or other entity, a list
of principals or executive officers of the firm, corporation or entity. • Prior to entering into a related person transaction, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the facts and
circumstances of the proposed related person transaction and determines whether to approve it. • Any pending or ongoing related person transaction is submitted to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee or Committee
Chair, which will consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances. Based on the conclusions reached, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee or the Committee Chair evaluates all
options, including ratification, amendment or termination of the related person transaction. • The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee annually reviews any previously approved or ratified related person transaction with
a remaining term of more than six months or remaining amounts payable to or receivable from the Company of more than $120,000. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, taking into consideration
the Company's contractual obligations, the Committee determines whether it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to continue, modify or terminate the transaction. During
2014, Marathon Petroleum Timor Gap West Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marathon Oil Corporation, received from Peabody (Wilkie Creek) Pty. Ltd., an indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of Peabody Energy Corporation, royalty payments for coal mined in Australia in the amount of $1,022,949. Gregory H. Boyce, a member of our Board, is chairman and chief
executive officer of Peabody Energy Corporation. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                51 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR  2015 The Audit and Finance Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), an independent registered public accounting
firm, to audit the Company's financial statements for 2015. While the Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for appointing, compensating and overseeing the independent auditor's work, we are
requesting, as a matter of good corporate governance, that our stockholders ratify the appointment of PwC as our independent auditor for 2015. PwC served as the Company's independent auditor during
2014. We believe the appointment of PwC as our independent auditor for 2015 is in the Company's best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders. We
expect representatives of PwC to be present at the Annual Meeting with an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and to be available to respond to appropriate questions from our
stockholders. YOUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 2 RATIFYING THE SELECTION OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR 2015. If
our stockholders do not ratify this appointment, the Audit and Finance Committee will reconsider whether to retain PwC and may retain that firm or another firm without resubmitting the matter to
our stockholders. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit and Finance Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of a different independent auditor at any time during the year if
it determines that such change would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered for the Company by PwC for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were (in thousands): 2014 2013 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Audit Fees ​ $8,513 ​ $7,608 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Audit-Related Fees 17 500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Tax Fees ​ 500 ​ 450 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ All Other Fees 5 5 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total ​ $9,035 ​ $8,563 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Audit Fees were for professional services rendered for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and audit of internal control over financial
reporting of the Company, statutory and regulatory audits, issuance of comfort letters, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit-Related Fees were for assurance and related services related to employee benefit plan audits, attest services that are not required by statute or
regulation, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees were for services related to tax compliance, including the preparation of tax returns and claims for refund, and tax planning and tax advice,
including assistance with and representation in tax audits and appeals, and requests for rulings or technical advice from tax authorities. All Other Fees were for services rendered for accounting research, internal audit software licenses and other projects. ​ 52 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents The
Audit and Finance Committee reviews and approves the fees and expenses of the independent auditor for audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services. To assure continuing auditor
independence, the Audit and Finance Committee annually reviews the independence of the independent auditors, in addition to assuring the regular rotation of the lead audit partner as required by law
and considering whether there should be a rotation of the independent audit firm itself. In conjunction with the mandated rotation of the lead audit partner, the Audit and Finance Committee and its
chairperson are directly involved in the selection of PwC's lead engagement partner. The
Audit and Finance Committee's Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Permissible Non-Audit Services is available on our website at http://www.marathonoil.com/Investor_Center/Corporate_Governance/ . Among other things, this policy
sets forth the procedure for the Audit and Finance Committee to pre-approve all audit, audit-related, tax and permissible non-audit services, other than as provided under the de minimus exception.
Notwithstanding the de minimus exception, the Committee's standard practice is to pre-approve all permissible non-audit services. The Audit and Finance Committee has delegated pre-approval authority
of up to $500,000 to the Audit and Finance Committee Chair for unbudgeted items. The
Audit and Finance Committee pre-approved all the fees and services for 2014 and 2013, and did not utilize the de minimus exception in either year. Proposal 2 For the reasons stated above, your Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Proposal 2 ratifying of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's Independent Auditor for
2015. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                53 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE  COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, and as a matter of good corporate governance, we seek your advisory vote
to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and "Executive Compensation." YOUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 3 APPROVING THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. Although
this vote is non-binding, the Compensation Committee values your opinion and will consider the voting results when making future decisions about executive compensation. Additionally,
we believe that constructive dialogue with our stockholders provides meaningful feedback about specific executive compensation practices and programs, and we encourage our stockholders
to communicate directly with both management and the Committee about executive compensation. Stockholders may contact the Committee Chair to provide input on executive compensation matters at any time
by emailing compchair@marathonoil.com . As
described under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," the Compensation Committee, comprised entirely of independent directors, has established executive compensation programs that reward both
company and individual performance. Our Compensation Committee consistently exercises great care and discipline in determining executive compensation. Executive compensation decisions are made in
order to attract, retain and motivate talented executives to deliver business results and long-term value to our stockholders. We
currently seek the advisory vote of our stockholders to approve the compensation of our named executive officers on an annual basis and expect that the next such advisory vote will be held at our
2016 Annual Meeting. Proposal 3 For the reasons stated above, your Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Proposal 3 approving the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. ​ 54 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS PROPOSAL 4: PROXY ACCESS THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL The Comptroller of the City of New York, Municipal Building, One Centre St., Room 629, New York, New York, custodian of
1,370,800 shares of common stock, has given notice that it intends to present the following proposal at the Annual Meeting. The proposal and supporting statement, for which the Company accepts no
responsibility, are set forth below: RESOLVED:
Shareholders of Marathon Oil Corporation (the "Company") ask the board of directors (the "Board") to adopt, and present for shareholder approval, a "proxy access" bylaw. Such a bylaw shall
require the Company to include in proxy materials prepared for a shareholder meeting at which directors are to be elected the name, Disclosure and Statement (as defined herein) of any person nominated
for election to the board by a shareholder or group (the "Nominator") that meets the criteria established below. The Company shall allow shareholders to vote on such nominee on the Company's proxy
card. The
number of shareholder-nominated candidates appearing in proxy materials shall not exceed one quarter of the directors then serving. This bylaw, which shall supplement existing rights under Company
bylaws, should provide that a Nominator must: a) have
beneficially owned 3% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years before submitting the nomination; b) give
the Company, within the time period identified in its bylaws, written notice of the information required by the bylaws and any Securities and Exchange
Commission rules about (i) the nominee, including consent to being named in the proxy materials and to serving as director if elected; and (ii) the Nominator, including proof it owns the
required shares (the "Disclosure"); and c) certify
that (i) it will assume liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Nominator's communications with the
Company shareholders, including the Disclosure and Statement; (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations if it uses soliciting material other than the Company's proxy
materials; and (c) to the best of its knowledge, the required shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and not to change or influence control at the Company. The
Nominator may submit with the Disclosure a statement not exceeding 500 words in support of the nominee (the "Statement"). The Board shall adopt procedures for promptly resolving disputes over
whether notice of a nomination was timely, whether the Disclosure and Statement satisfy the bylaw and applicable federal regulations, and the priority to be given to multiple nominations exceeding the
one-quarter limit. SUPPORTING STATEMENT We believe proxy access is a fundamental shareholder right that will make directors more accountable and contribute to increased shareholder value.
The CFA Institute's 2014 assessment of pertinent academic studies and the use of proxy access in other markets similarly concluded that proxy access: • Would "benefit both the markets and corporate boardrooms, with little cost or disruption." • Has the potential to raise overall US market capitalization by up to $140.3 billion if adopted market-wide.
(http://www.cfapubs.org/doi/pdf/10.2469/ccb.v2014.n9.1) ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                55 Table of Contents The
proposed bylaw terms enjoy strong investor support – votes for similar shareholder proposals averaged 55% from 2012 through September 2014 – and
similar bylaws have been adopted by companies of various sizes across industries, including Chesapeake Energy, Hewlett-Packard, Western Union and Verizon. We
urge shareholders to vote FOR this proposal. THE COMPANY'S RESPONSE YOUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL 4. The
Board believes stockholders should vote AGAINST this proposal for the following reasons: 1. Our Board is committed to adopting proxy access and we are in the process of engaging with our stockholders to determine the right
approach for our Company. Our Board is in the process of conducting extensive outreach with investors as we seek to implement a thoughtful and representative approach to proxy
access. We recognize, based on initial discussions and our review of public commentary on investor positions, that proxy access is an evolving governance best practice. During these initial
discussions we have learned that the views of our Company's stockholders on proxy access vary: some favor a 5% ownership threshold, others prefer a 3% threshold, some have indicated support for access
but have not expressed a view on thresholds, and a number of investors do not favor adoption at all. Investors take varying positions on the terms for aggregation. We have also learned that investor
views on proxy access are not static but evolving over time. Many investors are balancing the principle of stockholders access to the proxy with the facts and circumstances that may influence the
implementation of this right. This
stockholder proposal would allow a single stockholder, or an unlimited group of stockholders, that own 3% of the Company's common stock continuously for a period of three years to nominate up to
25% of the Board. We believe the proposal is unnecessarily expansive and support for this stockholder proposal will preempt our efforts to adopt proxy access on terms that reflect the views of all of
our stockholders. We believe it is important that the proxy access terms adopted for our Company are informed by both investor feedback and Company circumstances. The Board is committed to adopting
proxy access and believes it should have sufficient time to complete its outreach to a broader investor base; it expects to do so in the next few months. 2. Unique industry dynamics inform our position. The Board believes that its adoption of proxy access should be
part of a thoughtful process that takes into account our Company's unique circumstances. Our Company operates in a capital-intensive industry, where both stock and commodity prices fluctuate in
accordance with macro-level economic events that are often outside the Company's control. It is critical to the long-term success of our business that we nominate and retain qualified directors with
deep knowledge of the financial and operational aspects of a large, complex, global company, as well as familiarity with the risks associated with operating in the oil and gas industry. It is
essential to appoint directors that enable the Company to maintain a constancy of purpose and develop deep competencies and capabilities. As such, it is important that proxy access is designed to
effectuate the intent behind our stockholders' desire for the right and not in a manner that will allow abuse or potential distraction from a small group of holders who are looking for short-term
responses to macro-economic events. Furthermore,
there are additional unique factors of the exploration and production business model that require a judicious approach to proxy access in order to protect and grow long-term stockholder
value. These factors include: • Ensuring the level of capital investment is appropriate to generate competitive returns and grow the business while protecting the
financial strength and flexibility of the company; • Thoughtful consideration of the allocation of capital across a portfolio that includes both long- and short-cycle investments to add
resource in the future; and ​ 56 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents • The impact of stability on long-term relationships with resource holders, national oil companies, and other stakeholders in order to
access investment opportunities with the potential to add long-term stockholder value. We
believe in the right of stockholders to approve Board nominees, but we also believe that proxy access must be implemented in a manner that avoids distraction and potential disruption to our
business associated with nomination of candidates who are not qualified to meet our Board's needs, as this can foster potentially divisive and contentious elections in a manner that impacts the
operations of our business and in the process could potentially harm stockholder value. 3. We have a strong corporate governance structure and record of accountability. The Company's current corporate
governance structure reflects a significant and ongoing commitment to strong and effective governance practices and a willingness to be responsive and accountable to stockholders. We regularly assess
and refine our corporate governance policies and procedures to take into account evolving best practices and to address feedback provided by our stockholders and other stakeholders. Adopting proxy
access is in accordance with this commitment. • Our Board is comprised of highly qualified, independent directors who are dedicated to providing strong oversight. • Our Board is led by an Independent Chairman with clearly defined, robust responsibilities. • Our Board includes an appropriate balance of experience, tenure, diversity, leadership, skills and qualifications in areas of
importance to our Company. Our Board includes a good balance of experienced and recently appointed directors. We have added four new directors over the last four years, each of whom brings a unique
and valuable background to the overall composition of our Board. Our Board has a retirement age of 72. • Our Board conducts an annual evaluation of its performance to address its composition, responsibilities, process and effectiveness.
Aggregated responses are shared and discussed with the full board. The Nominating and Governance committee oversees the evaluation process, including follow up action items. • We provide stockholders with an opportunity to have a meaningful voice in the director nomination and election process. Our directors
are all elected on an annual basis and by a majority of the votes cast. Our directors may be removed without cause. • Our directors have meaningful share ownership in the Company and are required to hold three times the value of their annual retainer
in Company stock. Our independent Chairman is required to hold four times the value of his retainer. • Stockholders representing 20% of our outstanding shares may call a special meeting. We
are committed to adopting proxy access, and believe an approach based on company circumstances and stockholder feedback would best serve the Company in the long term. EFFECTS OF APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL OF THE PROPOSAL Our Board is already working toward implementing a proxy access By-law following robust engagement with stockholders that will
reflect feedback received during the engagement process as well as Company specific circumstances. Proposal 4 For the reasons stated above, your Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST Proposal 4. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                57 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 5: REPORT ON CLIMATE CHANGE RISK THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL The Unitarian Universalist Association, 24 Farnsworth St., Boston, MA, owner of 465 shares of common stock, and the Presbyterian
Church (U.S.A.), 100 Witherspoon St., Room 3222, Louisville, KY, owner of 35 shares of common stock, have given notice that they intend to present the following proposal at the Annual
Meeting. The proposal and supporting statement, for which the Company accepts no responsibility, are set forth below: WHEREAS: Recognizing
the risks of climate change, nearly all nations signed the Cancun Agreement proclaiming "the increase in global temperature should be below 2 degrees
Celsius." In light of these goals, the International Energy Agency (IEA) has developed scenarios to help policymakers and market participants understand potential energy demand futures. Oil demand
would need to begin to decline starting in 2020 under a scenario consistent with policymakers' 2 degree target. Per HSBC, the equity valuation of oil producers could drop by 40-60 percent under
such a low carbon emissions scenario. Climate
change concerns are already affecting oil demand through policies related to air quality, fuel efficiency, and lower-carbon energy. Analysts from Citi, Deutsche Bank and Statoil, among others,
predict that global oil demand could peak in the next 10-15 years. Any global action to address climate change will only accelerate these trends. Industry
production costs have risen significantly in recent years, leaving many companies vulnerable to any downturn in demand. Carbon Tracker estimates that projects with economic breakevens
exceeding $95/barrel are clearly in excess of the requirements for fossil fuel investment in a 2 degree scenario, and that there is an
estimated $1.1 trillion of capital expenditures (capex) earmarked for high cost projects out to 2025 needing a price of over $95 to generate an economic return, raising the risk of stranded, or
un- profitable, resources. We
recognize the importance of the oil and gas sector in meeting continuing energy needs. However, we are concerned that Marathon Oil's current business strategy is not sustainable given the changing
nature of demand, emerging technologies, and policy interventions aimed at limiting global temperatures. Investors
require additional information on how Marathon Oil is preparing for market conditions in which demand growth for oil and gas is reduced due to a combination of factors. Resolved:
Shareholders request that Marathon Oil prepare a report analyzing the consistency of company capital expenditure strategies with policymakers' goals to limit climate change, including
analysis of long- and short- term financial risks to the company associated with high-cost projects in low-demand scenarios, as well as analysis of options to mitigate related risk. The report should
be overseen by a committee of independent directors, omit proprietary information, and be prepared at reasonable cost by September 2015. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: We
recommend the report include: • Assumptions regarding breakeven costs of production for the company's highest cost projects. • Consideration of a range of lower-demand scenarios accounting for more-rapid-than-expected policy and/or technology developments,
including the 2 degree scenario as outlined by the IEA. • An assessment of different capital allocation strategies in the face of low-demand scenarios. • How the company will manage risks under these scenarios, such as reducing the carbon intensity of its assets, diversifying its
business by investing in renewable energy sources, or returning capital to shareholders. ​ 58 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents • The Board of Directors' role in overseeing climate risk reduction strategies and related capital allocation. THE COMPANY'S RESPONSE YOUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL 5. Your
Board recommends a vote against this stockholder proposal because we already disclose material risks related to climate change and climate change regulation in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is available at www.marathonoil.com . In accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Company discloses in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission all material risks that management believes are facing the Company as well as all known
trends that are reasonably likely to affect our Company's earnings. The Board, the Audit and Finance Committee, and the Company's management each review such filings and believe that such disclosures
describe all material risks to the Company associated with climate change at this time. These filings are updated on a regular basis to ensure they reflect our current assessment of the risks
associated with climate change and related legislative and regulatory actions. Therefore, we believe that the adoption of this proposal is unnecessary, and a special report regarding speculative risks
beyond our current avenues of disclosure is an inefficient use of Company resources. In
addition, the Company's views, actions, and progress on climate change are widely available, for example, in the Living Our Values 2013 Corporate Social Responsibility Report ("CSR Report"), as
available on the Company's website. As further detailed in the CSR Report, the Company uses the Enterprise Risk Management process to determine which company-wide risks pose a critical threat to the
Company's financial health. Through this process, the Company identifies such risks, including those of an environmental or regulatory nature, and selects mitigations in response. This process
includes considering how compliance with regulations and laws impacts long-range business planning and capital project evaluations. At this time, the Company believes this is the best way to evaluate
and address all issues, including those related to climate change, in a carefully considered, orderly and timely manner, consistent with its sustainable development commitments. As
stated above, the Company is committed to disclosing material risks and will use existing avenues of disclosure to continue to inform our stockholders about the potential impact of climate change
regulations on the Company's business operations and financial results. However, in light of the highly uncertain regulatory environment, disclosing speculative risks could be misleading and could
result in confusion. Based on the foregoing factors, the Board does not believe that engaging in the requested study will provide any meaningful benefits to its stockholders. We urge you to vote
against the proposal. Proposal 5 For the reasons stated above, your Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST Proposal 5. ​ ​ ​ MARATHON OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT                59 Table of Contents By
order of the Board of Directors, Sylvia J.
Kerrigan Executive
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary March 18,
2015 Houston,
TX Your vote is very important – please vote promptly. ​ 60 MARATHON
OIL | 2015 PROXY STATEMENT ​ ​ Table of Contents Marathon Oil Corporation 5555 San Felipe Street Houston, TX 77056 C/O SHAREHOLDER
  SERVICES P.O. BOX 4813 HOUSTON, TX 77210-4813 (VOTE BY INTERNET -)
  www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and
  for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 28,
  2015, for shares held by registered holders directly and 11:59 p.m. EDT on
  April 26, 2015, for shares held in the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan. Have
  your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the
  instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting
  instruction form. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone
  to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 28,
  2015, for shares held by registered holders directly and 11:59 p.m. EDT on
  April 26, 2015, for shares held in the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan. Have
  your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE
  BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid
  envelope we have provided or return it to Marathon Oil Corporation, c/o
  Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.
  The Internet and telephone voting facilities will close at 11:59 p.m. EDT on
  April 28, 2015, for shares held by registered holders directly and at 11:59
  p.m. EDT on April 26, 2015, for shares held in the Marathon Oil Company
  Thrift Plan. (TO VOTE), (MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS):
  M84851-P60388 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID
  ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY MARATHON OIL
  CORPORATION Your Board of Directors recommends you vote “FOR” Items 1a.
  through 1h. 1. Election of directors for a one-year term expiring in 2016
  NOMINEES: For Against Abstain 1a. Gregory H. Boyce Your Board of Directors
  recommends you vote “FOR” Item 2 For Against Abstain 1b. Pierre Brondeau 1c.
  Chadwick C. Deaton 1d. Marcela E. Donadio 1e. Philip Lader 1f. Michael E.J.
  Phelps 1g. Dennis H. Reilley 1h. Lee M. Tillman 2. Ratify the selection of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent auditor for 2015. Your Board of
  Directors recommends you vote “FOR” Item 3 3. Advisory vote to approve our
  named executive officer compensation. Your Board of Directors recommends you
  vote “AGAINST” Item 4 4. Stockholder proposal seeking approval of
  stockholders’ rights to proxy access. Your Board of Directors recommends you
  vote “AGAINST” Item 5 5. Stockholder proposal seeking a report regarding
  climate change risk. Yes No (Please indicate if you plan to attend this meeting).
  (Please indicate if you wish to view meeting materials electronically) (via
  the Internet rather than receiving a hard copy; please note that) you will
  continue to receive a proxy card for voting purposes only. (Signature [PLEASE
  SIGN WITHIN BOX]DateSignature (Joint Owners)Date) (2015 ANNUAL
  MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS) ATTENDANCE CARD (You are cordially invited to attend
  the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday), (April 29), (2015). The
  Meeting will be held in the Conference Center Auditorium of the Marathon Oil
  Tower, 5555 San Felipe Street, Houston, Texas 77056 at 10:00 a.m. Central
  Time. (Please detach this card from your proxy card and bring it with you as
  identification. A map to the meeting site is inscribed on this card for your
  convenience. The use of an attendance card is for our mutual convenience;
  however, your right to attend without an attendance card, upon proper
  identification, is not affected.) Sylvia J. Kerrigan Secretary (FOR THE
  PERSONAL USE OF THE NAMED STOCKHOLDER(S) ON THE BACK - NOT TRANSFERABLE.)
  Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the
  Annual Meeting: The 2015 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy
  Statement, the Letter to Stockholders and the 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K
  are available at www.proxyvote.com. (Proxy must be signed and dated on the
  reverse side. Please fold and detach card at perforation before mailing.)
  M84852-P60388 (Proxy and Voting Instruction Form) This Proxy and Voting
  Instruction is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors for the Annual
  Meeting of Stockholders on April 29, 2015 For shares held by registered
  holders The undersigned hereby appoints Dennis H. Reilley, Lee M. Tillman and
  John R. Sult, or any of them, proxies to vote as herein directed on behalf of
  the undersigned at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Marathon Oil
  Corporation on Wednesday, April 29, 2015, and at any meeting resulting from
  any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof and upon all other matters
  properly coming before the Meeting, including the proposals set forth in the
  2015 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for such Meeting with
  respect to which the proxies are instructed to vote as directed on the
  reverse side. You are encouraged to specify your choice by marking the
  appropriate boxes on the reverse side, but you need not mark any boxes if you
  wish to vote in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. The
  proxies cannot vote the shares unless you sign and return the proxy card. For
  shares held in Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan These confidential voting
  instructions will only be shared with Fidelity Management Trust Company, as
  Trustee for the Marathon Oil Company Thrift Plan (the “Marathon Oil Plan”).
  The undersigned, as a participant in the Marathon Oil Plan, hereby directs
  the Trustee to vote the number of shares of Marathon Oil Corporation common
  stock credited to the undersigned’s account under the Marathon Oil Plan at
  the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and at any meeting resulting from any
  adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof, upon all subjects that may
  properly come before the meeting, including the matters described in the 2015
  Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. In the Trustee’s discretion, it
  may vote upon such other matters as may properly come before the Meeting.
  Your vote is confidential. The shares credited to the account will be voted
  as directed on the reverse side. If no direction is made, if the card is not
  signed, or if the card is not received by April 26, 2015, the shares credited
  to the account will not be voted. You cannot vote the shares in person at the
  Annual Meeting; the Trustee is the only one who can vote the shares. PROXY TO
  BE SIGNED AND DATED ON THE REVERSE SIDE