DEF 14A 1 c25119ddef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.    ) Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) þ Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 MIDWAY GAMES INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction
computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the
amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it
was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the
filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents MIDWAY
    GAMES INC. NOTICE OF
    ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on June 25,
    2008 To the Stockholders of Midway Games Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders of Midway Games Inc. (“Midway”). The
    meeting will be held on Wednesday, June 25, 2008, at
    11:00 a.m. Central Time in the LaSalle Room,
    21 st Floor,
    of the Bank of America Building, 231 South LaSalle Street,
    Chicago, Illinois 60604, to consider and act upon the following
    matters: 1. To vote on the election of the director nominees
    identified in this proxy statement; 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP
    as our independent registered public accounting firm for the
    year ending December 31, 2008; and 3. To transact such other business as properly may come
    before the meeting or any adjournment or adjournments of the
    meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on
    May 19, 2008 are entitled to notice of and to vote at our
    2008 annual meeting and any adjournments thereof. A list of the
    stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting will be
    available for examination by any stockholder of Midway for any
    purpose germane to the annual meeting during regular business
    hours at our principal executive offices for the ten-day period prior to the annual meeting and will be available at the
    meeting. If you are planning to attend the meeting in person, you will be required to present proper government-issued photo
    identification ( e.g. , driver’s license or
    passport) to enter the meeting. Packages and bags may be
    inspected, and packages may have to be checked, among other
    measures that may be employed to enhance the security of those
    attending the meeting. These security procedures may require
    additional time, so please plan accordingly. Sumner M. Redstone, directly and indirectly through National
    Amusements Inc. (“NAI”) and Sumco, Inc.
    (“Sumco”), beneficially owned a total of over 87% of
    our common stock as of the record date. Mr. Redstone is the
    controlling stockholder for each of NAI and Sumco.
    Mr. Redstone’s daughter, Shari E. Redstone, as
    President of each of NAI and Sumco, has sole authority to
    exercise voting rights of the common stock beneficially owned by
    NAI and Sumco, subject in each case to the authority of the
    boards of directors of those entities. Mr. Redstone and
    Ms. Redstone have advised us that they intend to cause all
    of their shares to be voted in favor of each of the matters
    listed above. Therefore, election of all the nominees and
    approval of the proposal relating to Ernst & Young is
    assured. By Order of the Board of Directors, Deborah K. Fulton Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Chicago, Illinois June 13, 2008 YOU ARE REQUESTED, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO BE PRESENT AT
    THE ANNUAL MEETING, TO MARK, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN PROMPTLY THE
    ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE PAID ENVELOPE. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT PROPOSAL 1 -- ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 2007 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 2007 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 2007 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 2007 OPTION EXERCISES and STOCK VESTED DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 2: APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT OTHER MATTERS Table of Contents ANNUAL
    MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF MIDWAY GAMES INC. PROXY
    STATEMENT Introduction Midway Games Inc. is furnishing this proxy statement to you in
    connection with our solicitation of proxies to be voted at our
    Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting is scheduled to be
    held in the LaSalle Room,
    21 st Floor,
    of the Bank of America Building, 231 South LaSalle Street,
    Chicago, Illinois 60604, on Wednesday, June 25, 2008, at
    11:00 a.m. Central Time, or at any proper
    adjournments. The mailing address of our principal executive
    offices is 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618. If you properly execute and return your proxy card, it will be
    voted in accordance with your instructions. If you return your
    signed proxy but give us no instructions as to one or more
    matters, the proxy will be voted on those matters in accordance
    with the recommendations of our Board of Directors as indicated
    in this proxy statement. You may revoke your proxy, at any time
    before it is voted, by written notice to us, by submission of
    another proxy bearing a later date or by voting in person at the
    meeting. Your revocation will not affect a vote on any matters
    already taken. Your mere presence at the meeting will not revoke
    your proxy. This solicitation is made by Midway Games Inc.
    (“Midway”). We are mailing this proxy statement and
    the accompanying form of proxy beginning on or about
    June 13, 2008, to our stockholders of record on
    May 19, 2008 (the “Record Date”). In addition to
    the solicitation of proxies by use of the mails, some of our
    officers, directors and other employees may also solicit proxies
    personally or by mail, courier, electronic mail, telephone or
    facsimile transmission, but they will not receive additional
    compensation for those services. We will ask brokerage firms,
    custodians, banks, nominees and other fiduciaries holding shares
    of our common stock in their names to forward proxy soliciting
    material to their principals, and we will reimburse them for
    their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. There will not be any
    costs in connection with this solicitation, except for the costs
    of preparation, printing and mailing this proxy statement and
    our annual report to stockholders, the cost of which will be
    borne by Midway. Only holders of our common stock, $.01 par value per share,
    of record at the close of business on the Record Date will be
    entitled to vote at our annual meeting or any adjournments.
    There were 92,183,876 shares of our common stock
    outstanding on the Record Date (excluding treasury shares). Each
    share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on
    each matter at the meeting. Approval
    of Proposals The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares of our common
    stock present in person or by proxy is required to elect
    directors and the affirmative vote of a majority of our common
    stock present and entitled to vote is required to approve the
    proposal relating to Ernst & Young. As of the Record Date, Sumner M. Redstone and his related
    parties controlled over 87% of our outstanding common stock. See
    “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
    Management” below. Mr. Redstone and Shari E. Redstone
    have advised us that they intend to cause all the shares of our
    common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Redstone, National
    Amusements Inc. (“NAI”), and Sumco, Inc.
    (“Sumco”), to be voted in favor of each of the
    proposals described in this proxy statement, which will ensure
    the approval of each such proposal at the meeting.
    Ms. Redstone, as President of each of NAI and Sumco, has
    sole authority Table of Contents to exercise voting rights of the common stock beneficially owned
    by NAI and Sumco subject in each case to the authority of the
    boards of directors of those entities. Through their ownership of our common stock, Mr. Redstone
    and his related parties control the outcome of corporate actions
    that require the approval of our stockholders, including the
    election of our directors, among others. Mr. Redstone
    serves as Executive Chairman of the board of directors of Viacom
    Inc. (“Viacom”) and Chairman of the board of directors
    of CBS Corporation (“CBS”), an affiliate of
    Viacom. He also serves as Chairman of the board of directors and
    Chief Executive Officer of NAI, the parent company of Viacom and
    CBS. Mr. Redstone’s daughter, Shari E. Redstone, is
    the Chair of our Board of Directors; the Non-Executive Vice
    Chair of both the boards of directors of Viacom and CBS; and
    President of both NAI and Sumco. As President of each of NAI and
    Sumco, Ms. Redstone has sole authority with respect to each
    company’s investments in our company, including sole voting
    and investment power with respect to shares of our common stock,
    subject in each case to the authority of the boards of directors
    of those entities. Another member of our Board, Joseph A.
    Califano, Jr., serves on the board of directors of CBS.
    Mr. Califano served on the Viacom board of directors from
    2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS in 2005. Another member
    of our Board of Directors, Robert J. Steele, currently serves as
    Vice President — Strategy and Corporate Development
    for NAI. Midway also has formed a special independent committee to
    consider any proposed transactions between Midway and
    Mr. Redstone or any of his affiliates, composed of two
    independent directors who are disinterested with respect to
    matters relating to Mr. Redstone and his affiliates. See
    “Corporate Governance — Committees of the Board
    of Directors” below. SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT Principal
    Stockholders The following table sets forth information as of the Record
    Date, except as otherwise noted in the footnotes, about persons
    that, to our knowledge, beneficially own more than 5% of the
    outstanding shares of our common stock: Number of Shares Percentage of of Common Stock Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned Common Stock(1) Sumner M. Redstone 80,339,266 (2) 87.2 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 National Amusements Inc. 22,687,479 (2) 24.6 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 Sumco, Inc. 45,218,230 (2) 49.1 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 (1) Percentage calculations are based on 92,183,876 shares
    outstanding on the Record Date, excluding treasury shares. (2) Based upon a Schedule 13D/A filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Sumner M. Redstone on
    February 7, 2007. Mr. Redstone reported direct
    ownership of 12,433,557 and indirect ownership through NAI
    (shared voting power) of 22,687,479 and Sumco (shared voting
    power) of 45,218,230 shares of our common stock.
    Mr. Redstone’s shares do not include
    17,500 shares held by his wife, Paula Redstone, with
    respect to which shares Mr. Redstone disclaims beneficial
    ownership. As a result of his stock ownership in NAI and Sumco,
    Mr. Redstone is deemed the beneficial owner of the shares
    of common stock owned by NAI and Sumco. 2 Table of Contents Security
    Ownership of Management The following table sets forth, as of the Record Date,
    information about the beneficial ownership of our common stock
    by each of our director nominees and our named executive
    officers and by all of our director nominees and executive
    officers as a group: Number of Shares of Percentage of Common Stock Outstanding Name of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned(1) Common Stock(2) Steven M. Allison — (3) — William C. Bartholomay 124,983 (4) * Matthew V. Booty 151,125 (4) * Peter C. Brown 8,000 (4) * Joseph A. Califano, Jr. 18,000 (4) * Ryan G. O’Desky 17,500 (4) * Thomas E. Powell — (3) — Shari E. Redstone 67,923,290 (5) 73.7 % Martin Spiess 65,000 (4) * Robert J. Steele 8,000 (4) * Robert N. Waxman 33,000 (4) * David F. Zucker — (3) — Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (11 persons) 68,492,568 (6) 74.7 % * Less than 1% (1) Under Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, shares underlying
    options are deemed to be beneficially owned if the holder of the
    option has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of the
    underlying shares within 60 days. No shares have been
    pledged as security by our director nominees or executive
    officers. (2) Percentage calculations are based on 92,183,876 shares
    outstanding on the Record Date, excluding treasury shares. (3) This individual is a former named executive officer and no
    information is provided above because we do not have access to
    information regarding his share ownership. (4) Includes 79,613; 101,125; 8,000; 8,000; 2,500; 30,000; 8,000;
    and 25,000, shares of common stock underlying stock options for
    Messrs. Bartholomay, Booty, Brown, Califano, O’Desky,
    Spiess, Steele and Waxman, respectively. (5) Includes 67,905,709 shares (73.7%) owned by NAI and Sumco
    as of the Record Date, and 8,000 shares of common stock
    underlying options. As a director, President and shareholder of
    NAI, Ms. Redstone may be deemed a beneficial owner of
    NAI’s shares of our common stock. Also, as President of
    Sumco, Ms Redstone has voting and investment power with
    respect to shares of our common stock held by Sumco and
    therefore may be deemed a beneficial owner of Sumco’s
    shares of our common stock. (6) Includes an aggregate of 344,738 shares of common stock
    underlying stock options. PROPOSAL 1 —
    ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
    Governance Committee, the six persons named below have been
    nominated for election as directors to serve until the next
    annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective
    successors are elected and shall qualify. Of our incumbent
    directors, all six will stand for re-election. Shari E. Redstone
    is the daughter of Sumner Redstone and is President and a
    director of NAI, a director of Viacom and CBS and President of
    Sumco. Joseph A. Califano, Jr. is a director of CBS and
    served on the Viacom board of directors from 2003 until the
    split of Viacom and CBS in 2005. Robert J. Steele is the Vice
    President — Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI. 3 Table of Contents If any of the nominees are unable to serve as directors, an
    event which the Board does not anticipate, the proxies will be
    voted in favor of those nominees who do remain as candidates,
    except as you otherwise specify on your proxy card, and may be
    voted for substituted nominees designated by the Board. Name of Director Nominee (Age) Position with Company; and Principal Occupation Since Shari E. Redstone (54) Chair of the Board; Non-Executive Vice Chair of Viacom and CBS;
    President of NAI and Sumco 2004 William C. Bartholomay (79) Director; Group Vice Chairman, Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. 1996 Peter C. Brown (49) Director; Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
    President, AMC Entertainment Inc. 2005 Joseph A. Califano, Jr. (77) Director; Chairman and President, National Center on Addiction
    and Substance Abuse at Columbia University 2004 Robert J. Steele (54) Director; Vice President — Strategy and Corporate
    Development, NAI 2006 Robert N. Waxman (71) Director; Self-Employed CPA in Public Practice 2003 Biographical
    Information on Nominees Shari E. Redstone joined our board in
    2004.  Ms. Redstone has been President of
    National Amusements, Inc. since 2000 and served as Executive
    Vice President of NAI from 1994 to 2000. She is also a director
    of NAI. NAI, a closely held company, operates cinemas in the
    United States, the United Kingdom and Latin America and is also
    the controlling shareholder of Viacom and CBS. Ms. Redstone
    also serves as President of Sumco Inc., a company owned by NAI
    and Sumner M. Redstone. Ms. Redstone is Chair and Chief
    Executive Officer of Rising Star Media, a company established in
    partnership with NAI to build luxury-style cinemas in Russia.
    Ms. Redstone is a member of the board of directors and
    Executive Committee for the National Association of Theatre
    Owners, Co-Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer of
    MovieTickets.com, Inc., and Chair and Chief Executive Officer of
    CineBridge Ventures, Inc. Ms. Redstone is also the
    Non-Executive Vice-Chair of the board of directors of both
    Viacom and CBS. Ms. Redstone is the daughter of Sumner M.
    Redstone, our controlling stockholder. William C. Bartholomay joined our board in
    1996.  Mr. Bartholomay was appointed Group Vice
    Chair of Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. and Vice Chair of its
    principal U.S. subsidiary, Willis North America, a global
    insurance broker, in August 2003. For more than five years prior
    to this appointment, Mr. Bartholomay served as President
    and a director of Near North National Group, insurance brokers
    in Chicago, Illinois. He served as Vice Chair of Turner
    Broadcasting System, Inc., a division of AOL-Time Warner, Inc.
    from 1994 to 2006, having also held that office from 1976 to
    1992. He is Chair Emeritus of the board of the Atlanta Braves
    baseball team. Mr. Bartholomay was also a director of WMS
    until December 2005, also serving on its audit committee, and
    now serves WMS as Director Emeritus. Peter C. Brown joined our board in
    2005.  Mr. Brown has been the Chair of the board,
    Chief Executive Officer and President of AMC Entertainment Inc.,
    a theatrical exhibition company, since July 1999. Prior to that,
    Mr. Brown had served as the Chief Financial Officer of AMC,
    an online movie ticketing service, since 1991. Mr. Brown is
    a director and a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee of Embarq Corporation. He is
    also a director of National CineMedia Inc. and is the Co-Chair
    of the board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of MovieTickets.com,
    Inc., an online movie ticketing service, together with Shari E.
    Redstone. Joseph A. Califano, Jr. joined our board in 2004.
    Since 1979, Mr. Califano has served as Chair and President,
    National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia
    University. Mr. Califano is an adjunct professor of public
    health at Columbia University’s Medical School and School
    of Public Health, and 4 Table of Contents a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of
    Sciences. Mr. Califano is a director of
    CBS Corporation (“CBS”) and Willis Group
    Holdings, Ltd. Mr. Califano served on the board of Viacom
    from 2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS in 2005. Among other
    distinguished government positions, Mr. Califano served as
    Secretary, U.S. Department of Health, Education &
    Welfare from 1977 to 1979 and as President Lyndon Johnson’s
    chief domestic advisor from 1965 to 1969. Mr. Califano is
    the author of eleven books. Robert J. Steele joined our board in
    2006.  Mr. Steele has been Vice
    President — Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI
    since January 2004. From July 1997 to January 2004
    Mr. Steele provided business consulting services to a
    variety of clients and was a private investor. In addition, from
    1998 to 1999, Mr. Steele served as Chief Executive Officer
    of Adventure Entertainment, Inc. and from 2000 to 2001 he served
    as Chief Executive Officer of Spectrum Clubs Inc. From January
    1991 to June 1997, Mr. Steele served PepsiCo in various
    officer positions, including President of PepsiCo Restaurants
    Europe and President of PepsiCo Restaurants South Pacific. Robert N. Waxman, joined our board in 2003 and since 1992
    has been a self-employed CPA in public practice providing
    consulting advice on complex accounting and auditing matters,
    SEC compliance, and expert litigation services. He was a partner
    of Deloitte & Touche LLP in its accounting and audit
    practice from 1962 to 1991, where he served as National Director
    of SEC Practice, and partner-in-charge of Financial Services Programs, among many other Executive
    Office and New York Practice Office positions. He serves on the
    editorial board of The CPA Journal, is on the audit committee of
    Congregation Emanu-el (New York), was a member of the board of
    directors of the New York State Society of CPAs
    (“NYSSCPA’s”) (2003 to 2006) and is Chairman
    of the NYSSCPA’s Auditing Standards and Procedures
    Committee. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares of our common
    stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting is
    required to elect the directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” THE ABOVE
    NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS. 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE
    GOVERNANCE The Board
    of Directors Our board of directors is our ultimate decision-making body,
    responsible for overseeing our affairs, except with respect to
    those matters reserved to the stockholders by law or under our
    By-laws. The board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles
    and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, each of which can be
    viewed on our Internet website at www.investor.midway.com. These documents describe the responsibilities of our
    directors, the organization of our board and other key corporate
    governance matters. We will provide a copy of these documents to
    stockholders, without charge, upon written request addressed to
    Midway Games Inc., 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL
    60618, Attention: Investor Relations. “Controlled Company” Exemptions. Our
    common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock
    Exchange. The listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange
    impose requirements on the board of directors and committees of
    listed issuers that include, among others, the following
    requirements: • A majority of the members of the board of directors must qualify
    as “independent” directors who have no material
    relationship with the issuer other than serving as a director
    and who meet the other requirements of independence set forth in
    Section 303A.02 of the listing standards of the New York
    Stock Exchange; • Issuers have a nominating and corporate governance committee (or
    committees that are responsible for each of these functions)
    composed entirely of independent directors; and • Issuers have a compensation committee composed entirely of
    independent directors. The New York Stock Exchange permits “controlled
    companies” to take advantage of exemptions from the above
    three requirements. For these purposes, a controlled company is
    a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by
    an individual, a group or another company. Since
    Mr. Redstone’s beneficial ownership of our common
    stock exceeds 50%, we are a controlled company. However, our
    board of directors has determined that, at present, we will not
    elect to take advantage of any of the above exemptions from the
    New York Stock Exchange listing standards. Director Independence. It has been our policy,
    and unless we elect to rely on a controlled company exemption it
    is a requirement of the listing standards of the New York Stock
    Exchange, that a majority of the members of our board must
    qualify as “independent” directors who have no
    material relationship with us, other than serving as a director.
    Our board has adopted categorical standards to assist it in
    making independence determinations, as permitted by New York
    Stock Exchange rules. Under these standards, no director can
    qualify as independent unless the board determines that the
    director has no material relationship with us directly or as an
    officer, shareholder or partner of an organization that has a
    relationship with us, and: • The director is not and has not been our employee for at least
    three years, and no member of the director’s immediate
    family is or has been our executive officer for at least three
    years; • The director has not received, and no member of his immediate
    family has received during any 12-month period in the last three years, more than $100,000 per year in
    direct compensation from us, other than director and committee
    fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for
    prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in
    any way on continued service); • Neither the director nor any member of his immediate family
    (i) is a partner or employee of a firm that is our internal
    or external auditor or (ii) was, within the last three
    years, a partner or employee of such a firm and personally
    worked on our audit within that time; • Neither the director nor any member of his immediate family has
    been employed within the last three years as an executive
    officer of another company where any of our present executive
    officers at the same time serves or served on that
    company’s compensation committee; and • A director is not an executive officer or an employee, and no
    member of his immediate family is an executive officer, of a
    company that in any of the last three fiscal years has made
    payments to, or 6 Table of Contents received payments from us for property or services in an amount
    which, in any such single fiscal year, exceeded the greater of
    $1 million, or 2% of such other company’s consolidated
    gross revenues. Our board considered the following transactions with respect to
    its independence determinations. Transactions
    with National Amusements Inc. Sumner M. Redstone, our controlling shareholder, is Chairman of
    the board and Chief Executive Officer of NAI. In addition, two
    members of our board of directors also serve as directors or
    executives for NAI. Shari E. Redstone, the Chair of our board of
    directors and Mr. Redstone’s daughter, currently
    serves as President and a director of NAI and Robert J. Steele,
    another member of our board of directors, serves as Vice
    President — Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI. On February 29, 2008, Midway Home Entertainment Inc. and
    Midway Amusement Games, LLC (as Borrowers), and Midway Games
    Inc., Midway Games West Inc., Midway Interactive Inc., Midway
    Sales Company, LLC, Midway Home Studios Inc., Surreal Software
    Inc., Midway Studios-Austin Inc., and Midway Studios-Los Angeles
    Inc. (as U.S. Credit Parties) terminated the Amended and
    Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Borrowers,
    U.S. Credit Parties, the Lenders that are signatories
    thereto and Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc. (as the Arranger and
    Administrative Agent, and UK Security Trustee) and entered into
    a Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Borrowers and
    U.S. Credit Parties and NAI (the “Secured
    Facility”). Also on February 29, 2008, Midway Games
    Inc. entered into an Unsecured Loan Agreement with NAI (the
    “Unsecured Facility”) and a Subordinated Unsecured
    Loan Agreement with NAI (the “Subordinated Facility,”
    together with the Secured Facility and the Unsecured Facility,
    the “NAI Facility”). The NAI Facility provides for up
    to $90,000,000 in total availability. The Secured Facility
    provides up to $30,000,000 under which we have a $20,000,000
    term loan and a revolving line of credit of up to $10,000,000.
    The Unsecured Facility provides for a $40,000,000 revolving line
    of credit and the Subordinated Facility provides for up to a
    $20,000,000 revolving line of credit. As of March 31, 2008,
    borrowings outstanding on the Secured Facility term loan totaled
    $19,100,000. As of March 31, 2008, no other borrowings were
    outstanding on the remaining NAI Facility. The Secured Facility has a 52 month term with no required
    amortization of the term loan until the term ends on
    June 29, 2012. The Secured Facility bears interest at our
    election of either Bank of America’s prime rate (“Base
    Rate”) plus 1.5% per annum or a one, two, three, or six
    month LIBOR rate plus 3.75% per annum. At March 31, 2008,
    the interest rate on the Secured Facility was 6.84%, which
    represents the one month LIBOR rate plus 3.75%. The Unsecured
    Facility has a 13 month term which ends on March 31,
    2009 and bears interest at our election of either the Base Rate
    plus 2.75% per annum or a one, two, three or six month LIBOR
    rate plus 5.0% per annum. Interest under the Unsecured Facility
    is payable in kind to the extent such interest amount plus the
    outstanding loans is less than or equal to $40,000,000. The
    Subordinated Facility has a 27 month term which ends on
    May 31, 2010 and bears interest at our election of either
    the Base Rate plus 5.75% per annum or a one, two, three or six
    month LIBOR rate plus 8.0% per annum. Interest under the
    Subordinated Facility is payable in kind. If the total amount of
    borrowings under the NAI Facility is greater than $40,000,000 at
    any time, the advances under the Subordinated Facility and then
    under the Unsecured Facility must be repaid from available cash
    and cash equivalents on a weekly basis to reduce the available
    cash and cash equivalents to $10,000,000. The initial maximum availability under the Secured Facility
    revolving line of credit is $10,000,000. Maximum availability
    under the Secured Facility revolving line of credit in future
    periods is equal to $30,000,000 less the outstanding principal
    balance of the term loan less the aggregate amount of letters of
    credit outstanding. A fee of 0.5% per annum multiplied by maximum revolver amounts
    under the NAI Facility less the average daily balance of
    advances that were outstanding during the preceding month is due
    and payable on a monthly basis. Under the Secured Facility, substantially all of the assets of
    Midway Games Inc. and its United States subsidiaries are pledged
    as collateral. Under the Unsecured and Subordinated Facilities
    there are no pledges of 7 Table of Contents collateral or guarantees. The NAI Facility restricts our ability
    to make payments, including dividends and other distributions on
    our capital stock, restricts our ability to make acquisitions
    and restricts our capital expenditures. In addition, the NAI
    Facility restricts our ability to repurchase or redeem any
    shares of our capital stock. An uncured default may result in
    our 6.0% Convertible Senior Notes due September 30,
    2025 and our 7.125% Convertible Senior Notes due
    May 31, 2026 being declared immediately due and payable in
    full. The entire NAI Facility can be repaid or terminated at any
    time without premium or penalty. Transactions
    with Viacom and Affiliates As noted above, Sumner M. Redstone, our controlling shareholder,
    is Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer of NAI,
    Ms. Redstone currently serves as President and a director
    of NAI and Mr. Steele serves as Vice President —
    Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI. NAI is the parent
    company of both Viacom and CBS, a company spun off from Viacom
    late in 2005. Mr. Redstone serves as Chairman of the board
    for both Viacom and CBS and Ms. Redstone serves as Vice
    Chair of the board for both Viacom and CBS. Also, Joseph A.
    Califano, Jr., a member of our board of directors, serves
    as a director of CBS. Mr. Califano also served as a
    director of Viacom from 2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS
    in 2005. In late 2005, Mr. Redstone formed a new holding
    company, Sumco, which is owned jointly by both NAI and
    Mr. Redstone. Mr. Redstone transferred approximately
    41% of his shares of our common stock to Sumco in December 2005
    and an additional 50% of his direct holdings in February 2007.
    Mr. Redstone’s total beneficial ownership of our
    common stock did not change as a result of this transaction.
    Ms. Redstone serves as President of Sumco. Midway has historically conducted business with Viacom and
    companies affiliated with Viacom and Mr. Redstone. During
    2005, we announced a strategic relationship with MTV Networks
    (“MTV”), a subsidiary of Viacom, to jointly market
    three video game titles, and collaborate on soundtrack
    development for two of these titles. Under the terms of the
    agreement, MTV has the option to provide us with varying levels
    of marketing and promotional support for these video games. We
    may then include various agreed-upon MTV properties and trademarks within the respective video games.
    Also, we will be required to then pay to MTV varying levels of
    marketing and production costs based upon the amount of support
    provided by MTV, as well as royalties from game sales based upon
    the amount of support provided by MTV and the number of units
    sold and profitability of the game. L.A. RUSH, initially
    released in October 2005, was the first of the three titles to
    be released under the relationship. Selling and marketing
    purchases from MTV totaled $256,000, $460,000 and $4,679,000 in
    2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Royalties owed to MTV based
    upon game sales of L.A. RUSH totaled $89,000 and $125,000
    in 2007 and 2006, respectively. At December 31, 2007 and
    2006, we had amounts outstanding of $3,000 and $125,000 due to
    MTV, respectively, included in accounts payable. Selling and marketing expenses incurred from advertising
    purchases with other Viacom affiliates totaled $1,943,000,
    $3,708,000 and $5,228,000 during 2007, 2006 and 2005,
    respectively. We also had amounts outstanding of $498,000 and
    $730,000 due to other Viacom affiliates included in accounts
    payable at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Net
    revenues generated from Viacom affiliates totaled $0, $13,000,
    and $0 over the same periods. Amounts outstanding from Viacom
    affiliates totaled $0 and $13,000 at December 31, 2007 and
    2006, respectively. Transactions
    with Willis Group Holdings Ltd. William C. Bartholomay, a member of our board of directors, was
    President of Near North National Group, insurance brokers, which
    we retained to provide insurance brokerage services. He is
    currently Group Vice Chairman of Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. and
    Vice Chairman of Willis North America, Inc., insurance brokers
    which we retain to provide insurance brokerage services. We have
    retained these companies or their affiliates as insurance
    brokers and have paid premiums to obtain insurance placed by
    these brokers totaling in the aggregate $1,865,000, $1,715,000,
    and $1,513,000 for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. No amounts
    were owed to Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. and affiliates or Near
    North National Group at December 31, 2007 or 2006. 8 Table of Contents Our board has determined that the following members of our board
    of directors are independent within the meaning of the New York
    Stock Exchange Listing Standards and our categorical standards:
    William C. Bartholomay, Peter C. Brown, Joseph A.
    Califano, Jr. and Robert N. Waxman. Kenneth D. Cron, who
    served as Chairman of our board during 2007, and Ira S.
    Sheinfeld, who served as a member of our board during 2007, were
    each determined to have been independent directors until their
    respective resignations in December and August 2007. In
    addition, to be nominated for election to our Board, all
    director candidates must satisfy the qualification standards
    discussed below under the heading “Nominating and Corporate
    Governance Committee Policies.” Board and Committee Meetings. During 2007, the
    Board held 17 meetings. Each director, other than Peter C. Brown
    and Joseph A. Califano, Jr., attended at least 75% of the
    aggregate number of meetings of the Board and all committees on
    which he or she served during the year. Review,
    Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related
    Persons Our Board has reserved the responsibility for the review of
    transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to
    Item 404(a) of the Securities and Exchange
    Commission’s Regulation S-K for itself or, in the case of proposed transactions between
    Midway and Mr. Redstone or any of his affiliated companies,
    has assigned such review to the Special Committee of Independent
    Directors. The Board’s and the committee’s policies
    and procedures in this regard are described in the following
    section under “— Special Committee of
    Independent Directors .” Committees
    of the Board of Directors To assist it in carrying out its duties, the Board has delegated
    specific authority to several committees. In addition, our
    directors, none of whom are members of management, hold regular
    executive sessions without management being present.
    Ms. Redstone, the Chair of our Board, presides at these
    sessions. We have the following standing committees of the Board: Audit
    Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
    Compensation Committee and Special Committee of Independent
    Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that all of the
    members of these committees are “independent”
    directors as that term is defined under the New York Stock
    Exchange listing standards. The Audit Committee is established in accordance with
    section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended, and is composed of three independent directors (as
    independence is defined in the New York Stock Exchange listing
    standards and Securities and Exchange Commission rules):
    Messrs. Waxman (Chairman), Brown and Califano. The Board
    has determined that Messrs. Brown and Waxman are each an
    audit committee “financial expert” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 407(d)(5)(ii). In addition, each member of our Audit
    Committee is financially literate, in the Board’s
    determination, and satisfies the definition of
    “independence” required of audit committee members
    under the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and
    Securities and Exchange Commission rules. This committee meets periodically with the independent auditors
    and internal personnel to review and evaluate (1) the
    external auditor’s qualifications, performance and
    independence; (2) the scope of the audit including the
    approval of audit fees and all permitted non-audit fees and
    services; (3) the performance of the internal audit
    function; (4) the Company’s financial statements,
    financial disclosures and accounting principles and policies;
    (5) the Company’s internal control over financial
    reporting; and (6) the monitoring of compliance with legal
    and regulatory requirements. The report of this committee is set
    forth later in this proxy statement. During 2007, this committee
    held 9 meetings. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is
    composed of two independent directors: Messrs. Bartholomay
    and Califano (Chairman). This committee identifies and evaluates
    individuals qualified to become Board members, including those
    recommended by stockholders, recommends the nomination of
    candidates for election to the Board, as discussed in greater
    detail below, makes recommendations regarding corporate
    governance policies and procedures and Board organization and
    oversees the annual evaluation of the Board and management. This
    committee also recommends nominees for appointment to the
    various 9 Table of Contents committees. The Nominating Committee and the Corporate
    Governance Committee were combined on September 5, 2007.
    Prior to their combination, during 2007, the Nominating
    Committee held 1 meeting and the Corporate Governance Committee
    held 1 meeting. The Compensation Committee is composed of two independent
    directors who are also outside directors under
    Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and
    “Non-Employee Directors” under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended:
    Messrs. Bartholomay (Chairman) and Califano. This committee
    (1) reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives
    relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and
    our other senior officers; (2) reviews periodically the
    succession plans relating to the Chief Executive Officer and the
    other senior officers; (3) evaluates the Chief Executive
    Officer’s performance and, either as a committee or
    together with other independent directors, determines the
    compensation of the Chief Executive Officer; (4) makes
    recommendations to the Board with respect to compensation of the
    other senior officers; (5) administers, approves and
    ratifies awards under our stock option, incentive-compensation
    and other benefit plans, including determining the timing,
    pricing and amount of grants and awards to be made under the
    provisions of our compensation plans; and (6) revises
    executive employment agreements. The Compensation Committee may
    delegate its authority to the full extent permitted by Delaware
    law. The report of this committee is set forth later in this
    proxy statement. During 2007, this committee held 7 meetings. Special Committee of Independent Directors. On
    September 14, 2004, the Board established a special
    committee of independent directors to consider any proposed
    transactions between Midway and Mr. Redstone or any of his
    affiliated companies. The committee members are
    Messrs. Bartholomay and Waxman (Chairman). During 2007,
    this committee held 4 meetings. The committee or the Board is also responsible for considering
    proposed transactions between Midway and related persons that
    may be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of
    the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Regulation S-K. Potential related person transactions are identified based on
    information provided by our officers and directors and submitted
    to the committee for review. They may include ordinary course
    business transactions, such as those between Midway and NAI or
    Midway and subsidiaries of Viacom, or may involve proposals
    regarding material corporate transactions. The committee or the
    Board, as the case may be, takes into account all relevant
    considerations in deciding whether to approve a related person
    transaction, including the approximate dollar amount involved,
    the nature of the interest of the related person, whether such
    proposed transactions are in the ordinary course of business and/or subject to usual trade terms and the purpose of the transaction
    and any potential benefits to Midway. The committee’s or
    the Board’s policies and procedures for the review,
    approval or ratification of any such transaction are not in
    writing but are evidenced by practice of the committee or the
    Board, as the case may be, in its minutes. Our Board reserved the responsibility for the review of the
    transactions relating to the NAI Facility to a committee of
    directors formed specifically for the purpose of reviewing the
    proposed NAI transactions (the “NAI Transaction
    Committee”). The NAI Transaction Committee was formed on
    February 1, 2008 and its members were
    Messrs. Bartholomay, Brown (Chairman), Califano and Waxman.
    The NAI Transaction Committee took into account all relevant
    considerations in deciding whether to approve the NAI Facility,
    including the approximate dollar amounts involved, the nature of
    the interest of the related persons, whether the proposed
    transactions were in the ordinary course of business and/or subject to usual trade terms and the purpose of the transactions
    and any potential benefits to Midway. The NAI Transaction
    Committee’s policies and procedures for the review and
    approval of the NAI Facility are not in writing but are
    evidenced by practice of the NAI Transaction Committee in its
    minutes. Committee Charters. The Board has adopted a
    written charter for each of the Audit Committee, Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee, each
    of which is available on our website at www.investor.midway.com. Additional copies of the
    charters are available in print without charge to any of our
    stockholders requesting such information by contacting us at:
    Midway Games Inc., 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL
    60618, Attention: Investor Relations. 10 Table of Contents Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee Policies Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter is
    available on our website at www.investor.midway.com. It
    describes the authority and responsibilities of the committee
    and its process for identifying director candidates as well as
    other policies and procedures. The
    Process of Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for
    Directors Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and
    evaluates director candidates and recommends the selection of
    nominees to our Board of Directors. The Board then considers the
    recommendation and selects the nominees. In recommending
    candidates for nomination for election to the Board at our
    annual meetings of stockholders, the Nominating and Corporate
    Governance Committee begins by determining whether the incumbent
    directors, whose terms expire at the meeting, desire and are
    qualified to continue their service on the Board and evaluates
    their performance on the Board. We are of the view that the
    continuing service of qualified incumbents promotes stability
    and continuity in the boardroom, giving us the benefit of the
    familiarity and insight into our affairs that our directors have
    accumulated during their tenure, while contributing to the
    Board’s ability to work as a collective body. If there are new Board positions or vacancies on the Board, the
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will solicit
    recommendations for nominees from persons whom the Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee believes are likely to be
    familiar with qualified candidates, including our majority
    stockholder, members of the Board and senior management. The
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also engage a
    search firm to assist in identifying qualified candidates. The
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review and
    evaluate each candidate whom it believes merits serious
    consideration, taking into account all available information
    concerning the candidate, the qualifications for Board
    membership established by the Nominating and Corporate
    Governance Committee, the existing composition and mix of talent
    and expertise on the Board and other factors that it deems
    relevant. In conducting its review and evaluation, the
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may solicit the
    views of our majority stockholder, management and other members
    of the Board and may, if deemed helpful, conduct interviews of
    proposed candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate
    candidates recommended by stockholders in the same manner as
    candidates recommended by other persons, except that the
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may consider, as
    one of the factors in its evaluation of stockholder-recommended
    candidates, the size and duration of the interest of the
    recommending stockholder or stockholder group in our equity
    securities. Qualifications
    of Directors Our policy is generally to require that all candidates for
    director be persons of integrity and sound ethical character and
    judgment, have no interests that materially conflict with ours
    or those of our stockholders generally, have meaningful
    business, governmental or technical experience and acumen and
    have adequate time to devote to service on the Board. We have
    also required that a majority of directors be independent; at
    least three of the directors must have the financial literacy
    and special independence qualifications necessary for service on
    the Audit Committee, and at least one of these directors must
    qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Stockholder
    Recommendation of Candidates for Election as
    Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider
    recommendations for director nominations submitted by
    stockholders that individually or as a group have beneficial
    ownership of at least 3% of our common stock and have had such
    ownership for at least one year. Submissions must be made in
    accordance with the committee’s procedures, as outlined
    below and set forth in Appendix A to this proxy
    statement. For each annual meeting of our stockholders, the
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will accept for
    consideration only one recommendation from any stockholder or
    affiliated group of stockholders. The committee waives this
    requirement with respect to Mr. Redstone, NAI and Sumco in
    view of 11 Table of Contents their majority ownership of our common stock. The Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee will only consider candidates who
    satisfy our minimum qualifications for director, as outlined
    above. Procedures
    for Stockholder Submission of Nominating
    Recommendations A stockholder wishing to recommend to the Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee a candidate for election as
    director must submit the recommendation in writing, addressed to
    the committee c/o our corporate secretary at 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago,
    Illinois 60618. Submissions recommending candidates for election
    at an annual meeting of stockholders must be received no later
    than 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the
    date of the proxy statement for the prior annual meeting of
    stockholders. In the event that the date of the next annual
    meeting of stockholders is more than 30 days following or
    preceding the first anniversary date of the annual meeting of
    stockholders for the prior year, the submission must be made a
    reasonable time in advance of the mailing of our next annual
    proxy statement. Each nominating recommendation must be
    accompanied by the information called for by our
    “Procedures for Stockholders Submitting Nominating
    Recommendations,” which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. This includes specified information
    concerning the stockholder or group of stockholders making the
    recommendation, the proposed nominee, relationships between the
    recommending stockholder and the proposed nominee and the
    qualifications of the proposed nominee to serve as director,
    describing the contributions that the nominee would be expected
    to make to the Board. The recommendation must also be
    accompanied by the consent of the proposed nominee to serve if
    nominated and the agreement of the nominee to be interviewed by
    the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if the
    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee decides in its
    discretion to do so. Selection
    of 2008 Nominees All of the nominees listed on the accompanying proxy card are
    currently serving on our Board and are standing for reelection.
    We did not receive any recommendations from stockholders for
    nominees that are required to be identified in this proxy
    statement. Stockholder
    Communications with Directors Stockholders may communicate with our Board of Directors, any
    committee of the Board or any individual director, and any
    interested party may communicate with our Chair of the Board or
    the non-management directors of the Board, by following the
    procedures set forth below. Our acceptance and forwarding of
    communications to the directors does not imply that the
    directors owe or assume duties to persons submitting the
    communications, the duties of the directors being only those
    prescribed by applicable law, our By-laws or our policies
    adopted by the Board. All communications should be delivered either in writing c/o Legal Department, Midway Games Inc., at 2704 West Roscoe Street,
    Chicago, Illinois 60618; or by e-mail to
    ir@midway.com. All communications must be accompanied by the
    following information: • if the person submitting the communication is a stockholder, a
    statement of the type and amount of our securities that the
    person holds; • if the person submitting the communication is not a stockholder
    and is submitting the communication to our Chair of the Board or
    to our non-management directors as an interested party, the
    nature of the person’s interest in us; • any special interest, meaning an interest not in the capacity as
    a stockholder of ours, of each person in the subject matter of
    the communication; and • the address, telephone number and any e-mail address of the person submitting the communication. 12 Table of Contents It is not appropriate to send, and we may decline to forward,
    the following types of communications to directors: • communications regarding individual grievances or other
    interests that are personal to the party submitting the
    communication and could not reasonably be construed to be of
    concern to our stockholders or other constituencies generally; • communications that advocate our engaging in illegal activities; • communications that, under community standards, contain
    offensive, scurrilous or abusive content; and • advertisements, solicitations, form letters and communications
    that have no reasonable relevance to our business or operations. All communications that comply with the requirements that are
    described here will be relayed to the person or persons to whom
    they are addressed. Communications addressed to directors may,
    at the direction of the addressees, be shared with our
    management. Director
    Attendance at Annual Meetings Each of our directors is expected to be present at our annual
    meetings of stockholders, absent exigent circumstances that
    prevent his or her attendance. Where a director is unable to
    attend an annual meeting in person but is able to do so by
    electronic conferencing, we will attempt to arrange for the
    director’s participation by means where the director can
    hear, and be heard, by those present at the meeting. At last
    year’s annual meeting, six of our eight then-current
    directors attended in person. EXECUTIVE
    OFFICERS Name Age Position Matthew V. Booty 42 Interim Chief Executive Officer and President (Senior Vice
    President — Worldwide Studios) Ryan G. O’Desky 32 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Vice
    President — Finance, Controller and Assistant
    Treasurer) Deborah K. Fulton 45 Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Miguel Iribarren 42 Senior Vice President — Publishing Martin Spiess 43 Executive Vice President — International, Midway Games
    Limited Biographical
    Information Matthew V. Booty has been our Interim President and Chief
    Executive Officer since March 19, 2008. He also serves us
    as Senior Vice President — Worldwide Studios since
    June 6, 2005. Prior to that, he served as our Senior Vice
    President — Product Development since June 2004, and
    since 1991, he has served our wholly-owned subsidiary, Midway
    Amusement Games, LLC in various capacities in its product
    development organization, ultimately being promoted to Vice
    President — Product Development in June 2002. Ryan G. O’Desky has been our Interim Chief Financial
    Officer and Treasurer since February 4, 2008. He also
    serves us as Vice President — Finance, Controller, and
    Assistant Treasurer since November 9, 2007 and served as
    Chief Internal Auditor from May 21, 2007 to
    November 8, 2007. Prior to joining us, from June 2002 until
    May 2007, Mr. O’Desky served as a Senior Manager of
    Audit within the Audit and Enterprise Risk Services Division of
    Deloitte & Touche LLP, a professional services firm.
    From 1998 to 2002, Mr. O’Desky served as an
    experienced senior auditor within the Assurance &
    Business Advisory Department of Arthur Andersen LLP, a
    professional services firm. 13 Table of Contents Deborah K. Fulton has served as our Senior Vice
    President, Secretary and General Counsel since January 30,
    2002. She served us as Vice President, Secretary and General
    Counsel from May 2000 to January 2002. She was employed by us as
    Senior Counsel from 1998 until May 2000 and by WMS as Senior
    Counsel from 1994 to 1998. Formerly, she was employed by the law
    firm of Gardner Carton & Douglas from 1988 until 1994. Miguel Iribarren has served as our Senior Vice
    President — Publishing since April 3, 2008. He
    served as our Vice President — Publishing from July
    2005 to April 2008 and Vice President, Corporate Communications
    and Strategic Planning from February 2002 to July 2005. Prior to
    joining Midway, Mr. Iribarren was a Vice President,
    Research for Wedbush Morgan Securities, an investment banking
    and brokerage firm. At Wedbush, where he was employed from May
    2000 to February 2002, Mr. Iribarren was responsible for
    research on the interactive entertainment industry. From 1994 to
    May 2000, Mr. Iribarren was employed by the Atlantic
    Richfield Corporation, an oil and gas company, in various
    finance and planning positions, ultimately serving as Manager,
    Corporate Finance. Martin Spiess has served as Executive Vice President,
    International of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Midway Games
    Limited, since March 31, 2008. He served Midway Games
    Limited as its Managing Director-Europe from May 13, 2005
    to March 2008. Prior to joining us, from February 2003 to March
    2005 he was Senior Vice President of European marketing at
    Atari, Inc., a video game publisher and distributor. In his role
    as Senior Vice President of European marketing at Atari,
    Mr. Spiess was responsible for developing and implementing
    pan-European marketing strategies. Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis Overview
    of the Objectives and Philosophy of the Compensation Program for
    our Named Executive Officers The Compensation Committee, either as a committee or together
    with other independent directors as directed by the board of
    directors, is responsible for determining the compensation of
    the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and for making
    recommendations to the board of directors regarding the
    compensation of the Company’s other executive officers.
    This Compensation Discussion and Analysis discusses the
    compensation program for the Company’s Chief Executive
    Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the three most
    highly-compensated executive officers other than the Chief
    Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the “Named
    Executive Officers”). The Company’s compensation philosophy and program is
    designed to provide attractive compensation packages to the
    Named Executive Officers so as to motivate them to devote their
    full energies to the Company’s business, to reward them for
    their services and to align the interests of the Named Executive
    Officers with the interests of stockholders. In setting the
    initial compensation level of a Named Executive Officer upon
    hire, the Company considers (a) compensation paid for
    similar positions within the interactive entertainment software
    industry in which we compete, including our principal
    competitors, Activision, Inc., Electronic Arts, THQ Inc. and
    Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., as well as (b) the
    Named Executive Officer’s compensation level in relation to
    his education, skills and value, the recommendation of the Chief
    Executive Officer, his duties relative to the other Named
    Executive Officers and officers within the Company and the
    competitive marketplace for such Named Executive Officer’s
    specific talent. The Company’s compensation philosophy
    weighs the financial performance of the Company as a significant
    factor in the determination of compensation packages to the
    Named Executive Officers. The Company’s Named Executive
    Officer compensation packages are composed primarily of base
    salaries, annual discretionary cash bonuses, stock options and
    other equity awards, a 401(k) defined contribution plan and
    other benefits and, in the case of Mr. Zucker, our former
    President and Chief Executive Officer, a bonus on the terms that
    had been provided for in his employment agreement. Effective
    March 19, 2008, Mr. Zucker ceased service to the
    Company as its President and Chief Executive Officer.
    Mr. Spiess, the Executive Vice President, International of
    our wholly owned subsidiary, Midway Games Limited, is also
    eligible for a bonus based on revenues attributed to the sale of
    products in territories other than North America, South America,
    U.S. territories and possessions and military bases, and
    east Asia. 14 Table of Contents The Company’s compensation policies are not materially
    different with respect to individual Named Executive Officers.
    Rather, the Named Executive Officers are compensated based on
    their historical contributions to our business (including their
    contributions to the profitability of the Company), each
    person’s unique education, skills and value, the
    recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer and the
    competitive marketplace for executive talent. For 2007,
    variances in the dollar amount of compensation and equity grants
    among the Named Executive Officers can be attributed to
    historical practices of the Company, the position of the Named
    Executive Officers relative to the other Named Executive
    Officers in the Company and relative to similar talent within
    the interactive entertainment software industry in which we
    compete. Similarly, with respect to Mr. Zucker’s total
    compensation, there were no material differences in policy with
    respect to his total compensation as compared to that of the
    other Named Executive Officers. As the Chief Executive Officer
    and direct supervisor of the other Named Executive Officers,
    Mr. Zucker was compensated accordingly for his position,
    and he was compensated consistently with other Chief Executive
    Officers within the interactive entertainment software industry
    in which we compete. Elements
    of our Compensation Program Salary In general, the level of base salary is intended to provide
    appropriate basic pay to the Named Executive Officers taking
    into account their historical contributions to our business,
    each person’s unique education, skills and value, the
    recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer and the
    competitive marketplace for executive talent. However, no
    specific formulae or target profitability levels were used in
    making this determination. In 2007 the Compensation Committee
    approved merit-based increases for 2007 in the base salaries of
    Messrs. Allison, Booty, and Powell. Mr. Spiess
    received a merit-based increase in 2007 prior to becoming a
    Named Executive Officer and therefore his increase was not
    submitted for approval by the Compensation Committee.
    Mr. Zucker did not receive a merit-based increase in 2007.
    In assessing the performance of Messrs. Allison, Booty, and
    Powell, the Committee considered (1) evaluations of
    performance for the previous fiscal year, as submitted by the
    Chief Executive Officer, and supported by performance evaluation
    documents, (2) the fact that no merit-based increase was
    awarded to the Named Executives in 2006 and (3) advice from
    the compensation consultant. In assessing Mr. Spiess’
    merit based increase, the Company considered his evaluations of
    performance for the previous fiscal year. Messrs. Allison,
    Booty, Powell and Spiess received merit based increases of 2.0%,
    5%, 3.25%, and 9.0% of their base salaries, respectively.
    Salaries paid to the Named Executive Officers during 2007 are
    reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. Cash
    Bonus The amount of any discretionary bonus is subjective but is
    generally based on the Company’s actual financial
    performance in the preceding year, the special contribution of
    the executive to this performance and the overall level of the
    executive’s compensation including other elements of the
    compensation package. The bonus under Mr. Zucker’s
    employment agreement was likewise designed to give effect to one
    or more of these factors, but weighed the financial performance
    of the Company as a significant factor in the determination of
    any bonus. Mr. Spiess’ bonus does not have any
    discretionary elements and relates specifically to
    pre-determined challenging sales goals in territories other than
    North America, South America, U.S. territories and
    possessions and military bases, and east Asia.
    Mr. Spiess’ bonus is designed to encourage the growth
    of our business in Europe and Australia. Our Named Executive Officers other than Mr. Zucker and
    Mr. Spiess are eligible for discretionary bonuses under the
    Amended and Restated Midway Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the
    terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Zucker was not
    entitled to participate in this plan. Mr. Spiess is not
    entitled to participate in this plan either but is eligible for
    the non-discretionary bonus described above. The plan offers
    participants the opportunity to receive discretionary bonuses
    based on a combination of the following factors: (1) a
    percentage of each participant’s base salary determined by
    management; (2) the achievement of targets set by
    management for our financial performance; and
    (3) management’s evaluation of the degree to which a
    participant meets individual performance goals. Individual
    performance goals for all Named Executive 15 Table of Contents Officers, except the Chief Executive Officer, are developed
    through confidential discussions between the Chief Executive
    Officer and the respective Named Executive Officer. The
    individual performance goals may include specific quarterly and
    annual revenue goals, inventory management goals, product
    development budgets, sales goals, product development bonuses,
    cost control measures, product planning and video game title
    delivery goals, advertising campaign budgets, marketing goals,
    product licensing goals, product development and distribution
    goals, personnel recruitment, management and retention goals,
    productivity goals, and financial and efficiency goals, which
    are designed to be individually specific and detailed; thereby
    encouraging the Named Executive Officer to strive to achieve
    challenging goals. The financial performance targets for 2007
    were based upon Midway’s net income for the year as stated
    in Midway’s audited consolidated financial statements for
    such period, but excluding unusual and non-recurring or
    extraordinary items (net of any related tax effects) as
    determined by management. Even if Midway does not meet financial
    performance targets for years after 2005, participants in this
    plan may receive part of their discretionary bonus based on
    achieving their individual performance goals. The Compensation
    Committee approves the payment of any bonuses pursuant to the
    plan and the Board had the responsibility for approving the
    payment of any bonus under Mr. Zucker’s employment
    agreement. In 2007 all compensation goals for the Named Executive Officers
    were tied broadly to Company profitability. In 2007, a
    precondition to the payment of a bonus under the Midway
    Incentive Plan was that the Company achieved profitability
    (i.e., having net income greater than zero). In view of the fact
    that the Company was not profitable in 2007, Mr. Zucker did
    not receive a bonus under his employment agreement, no bonuses
    were awarded to the Named Executive Officers under the plan and
    no discretionary bonuses were awarded to them during 2007. No
    specific formulae or target profitability levels were used in
    making this determination. Mr. Spiess, however, earned a non-discretionary bonus based
    on his accomplishment of pre-determined sales goals in specific
    territories, pursuant to the plan noted above, which was paid in
    April 2008. Mr. Spiess’ sales goals were set at an
    aggressively high level to encourage Mr. Spiess to exploit
    sales opportunities in Europe and Australia. Effective March 19, 2008, Mr. Booty was appointed
    Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. On
    April 4, 2008 the Compensation Committee approved certain
    cash bonuses payable to Mr. Booty for his service as
    Interim Chief Executive Officer and President until a permanent
    Chief Executive Officer and President is appointed. For as long
    as Mr. Booty serves the Company as its Interim Chief
    Executive Officer and President he will receive $40,000 per
    quarter for each of the second and third quarters of 2008 and
    will receive $20,000 per quarter for each of the fourth quarter
    of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009. In addition, the
    Committee approved a set of performance-based bonuses during
    Mr. Booty’s service to the Company as Interim Chief
    Executive Officer and President. Mr. Booty will be awarded
    bonuses if certain video game shipments for specific video game
    titles on specific video game platforms occur during the period
    that Mr. Booty serves the Company as Interim Chief
    Executive Officer and President. Equity
    Awards Generally, the Compensation Committee determines the size of
    equity awards granted to the Named Executive Officers on an
    individual, discretionary basis in consideration of financial
    corporate results and each recipient’s performance,
    contributions and responsibilities without assigning specific
    weight to any of these factors. Stock options have been used upon hire of a Named Executive
    Officer. Stock options increase in value only if the
    Company’s common stock increases in value, terminate a
    short time after a Named Executive Officer leaves the employ of
    the Company, and therefore can be effective as a means of
    long-term incentive compensation. On August 20, 2007, we granted shares of performance-based
    restricted stock to the Named Executive Officers. The restricted
    stock was issued under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the
    “2005 Plan”) and was granted to the Named Executive
    Officers as an incentive to achieve a pre-determined
    profitability target based on the Company’s operating
    income for the year ending December 31, 2008. The
    restricted stock is restricted 16 Table of Contents as to transfer until the date we file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2008 with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission (the “Release Date”). A
    precondition to the lapse of restrictions on this
    performance-based restricted stock is that the Company achieve
    profitability (i.e., having net income greater than zero) for
    the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008. If the Company
    does not achieve profitability in the fiscal year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock is forfeited.
    Furthermore, in order for the restrictions to lapse the Company
    must not just achieve profitability but must meet a
    pre-determined level of profitability. If the pre-determined
    level of profitability is reached the restrictions will lapse
    over a period of three years, such that the restrictions will
    have lapsed as to 100% of the shares on the third anniversary of
    the Release Date. Since the grant is based on the achievement of
    certain financial performance targets for the year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock also will be
    forfeited if we cease to be subject to the reporting obligations
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, upon certain changes
    in control or upon termination of employment of the person
    holding such restricted stock. Also on August 20, 2007, we granted stock options to each
    of the Named Executive Officers, except Mr. Zucker. The
    stock options were issued under the 2005 Plan and were granted
    to the Named Executive Officers as retention incentives. Up to
    25% of the options are exercisable on August 20, 2008, up
    to 50% are exercisable on August 20, 2009, up to 75% are
    exercisable on August 20, 2010 and 100% are exercisable on
    August 20, 2011. In determining the size and performance requirements of the
    awards granted in August 2007, the Compensation Committee used
    the services of a compensation consultant, Pearl
    Meyer & Partners, as described more fully below under
    “Compensation Consultant”. Specific grants to the
    Named Executive Officers were based on their individual titles,
    responsibilities and reporting relationship as compared to the
    other members of management and the product development teams
    who received awards on August 20, 2007. The performance
    requirements related to the awards, which continue through
    December 31, 2008, are described more fully above. Perquisites
    and Other Benefits Neither the Named Executive Officers nor the Company’s
    employees are entitled to participate in any pension
    arrangements or receive any post-retirement health coverage or
    similar benefits. The Named Executive Officers are entitled to
    participate in the Company’s 401(k) defined contribution
    plan but do not receive matching contributions from the Company. Mr. Booty and his dependants are entitled to participate in
    the Company’s Exec-U-Care supplemental health insurance
    program, which provides reimbursement for out-of-pocket
    medically necessary expenses not covered under the
    Company’s standard health insurance coverage. Exec-U-Care
    reimbursement is subject to annual limits for the same or
    related diagnoses and a lifetime maximum of $250,000 per person.
    Mr. Powell and Mr. Zucker were entitled to participate
    in the Company’s Exec-U-Care supplemental health insurance
    program until their respective departures from the Company on
    February 1, 2008 and April 19, 2008. The Company
    ceased offering Exec-U-Care to its newly-hired officers in
    February 2003; consequently, Mr. Allison, who joined the
    company in December 2003, was not eligible to participate in
    Exec-U-Care and Mr. Spiess, who became an executive officer
    in June 2007, is not eligible to participate in Exec-U-Care. Mr. Spiess is required to travel frequently in the conduct
    of his duties to Midway Games Limited and is therefore entitled
    to a car allowance of 1,000 GBP per month, which is the
    equivalent of $2,001.81 per month, based on the 2007 annual
    average GBP to USD exchange rate of 2.00181. Mr. Spiess is
    also entitled to the reimbursement of reasonable air travel and
    lodging expenses (less any deductions for tax and national
    insurance, if applicable) related to the commute from his home
    in Spain to the Midway Games Limited office in London, England. Change of
    Control Payments Mr. Zucker was entitled to receive payments pursuant to
    specific change of control situations, which are more fully
    described under “Termination and Change of Control
    Arrangements,” until his departure from the Company on
    April 19, 2008. These payments were designed to motivate
    Mr. Zucker to devote his full energies 17 Table of Contents to the Company’s business. The amount of payment and
    selected triggering events were determined in accordance with
    the Company’s past practice of providing similar benefits
    to other executives with similar titles, responsibilities and
    reporting relationships. Mr. Powell was entitled to receive
    payments pursuant to specific change of control situations, as
    described more fully below, until his departure from the Company
    on February 1, 2008. Termination
    Payments If Midway Games Limited terminates Mr. Spiess’
    employment without cause, he would be entitled to a separation
    payment which is more fully described under “Termination
    and Change of Control Arrangements.” The amount of payment
    was determined in accordance with the Company’s
    determination of what would be a customary separation payment in
    the industry for an individual at Mr. Spiess’ level. Compensation
    Consultant The Compensation Committee used the services of Pearl
    Meyer & Partners in 2007 to determine the number of
    restricted stock grants and stock options awarded to certain
    members of our product development teams and management,
    including the Named Executive Officers, on August 20, 2007
    and the performance requirements related to those awards. Pearl
    Meyer & Partners were directed to determine award
    amounts that reflected the importance of, and challenges
    attendant to, a performance turnaround for the Company
    vis-à-vis profitability, as well as the need to provide
    competitive compensation opportunities for the relevant period
    in accordance with our stated compensation philosophy; no
    additional material instructions or directions were given to
    Pearl Meyer & Partners. The total grant of stock
    options and restricted stock was determined by issuing equity
    awards approximately equal to 6.6% of the outstanding shares of
    the Company. Specific grants to the Named Executive Officers
    were based on their individual titles, responsibilities and
    reporting relationship as compared to the other members of
    management and the product development teams who received awards
    on August 20, 2007. The performance requirements related to
    the awards, which continue through December 31, 2008, are
    described more fully under “Equity Awards”. Pearl
    Meyer & Partners were also retained in 2007 by the
    Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to review
    various elements of our compensation programs in comparison to
    14 similar sized companies in similar industries. The review
    focused on top five executive compensation, long-term incentive
    compensation, equity allocation / utilization and
    long-term incentive requests. Tax
    Considerations The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (the “Budget
    Act”) generally provides that publicly-held corporations
    will only be able to deduct, for income tax purposes,
    compensation paid to the Named Executive Officers in excess of
    one million dollars per year if it is paid pursuant to
    qualifying performance-based compensation plans approved by
    stockholders. Compensation as defined by the Budget Act
    includes, among other things, base salary, incentive
    compensation and gains on stock option transactions. Total
    compensation of some of our officers may be paid under plans or
    agreements that have not been approved by stockholders and may
    exceed one million dollars in a particular year. We will not be
    able to deduct these excess payments for income tax purposes.
    The Compensation Committee intends to consider, on a case by
    case basis, how the Budget Act will affect our compensation
    plans and contractual and discretionary cash compensation,
    taking into account, among other matters, our substantial net
    operating loss carryforwards. 18 Table of Contents Compensation
    Committee Report The Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed with
    management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by
    Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K and recommended to the board that the Compensation Discussion
    and Analysis be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and the Company’s
    Proxy Statement related to the Company’s 2008 Annual
    Meeting of Stockholders, each of which will be filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission. Compensation Committee William C. Bartholomay, Chairman Joseph A. Califano, Jr. Summary
    Compensation Table The Summary Compensation Table below sets forth the compensation
    earned during the year ended December 31, 2007 by our Named
    Executive Officers. This table also includes information for
    Thomas E. Powell, who served us as Executive Vice
    President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer until
    February 1, 2008, Steven M. Allison, who served us as
    Senior Vice President — Marketing and Chief Marketing
    Officer until March 31, 2008, and David F. Zucker who
    served us as Chief Executive Officer and President until
    March 19, 2008 and as an employee until April 19,
    2008. The Company has not entered into any employment agreements
    with the Named Executive Officers other than David F. Zucker,
    our former President and Chief Executive Officer.
    Mr. Zucker’s compensation arrangements, including
    stock option grants and restricted stock awards, were provided
    for under his employment agreement and stock option agreement,
    both dated May 6, 2003. Mr. Zucker’s employment
    agreement was negotiated at arm’s length by the
    Compensation Committee. Among other matters, in negotiating this
    agreement, the compensation levels of chief executives at the
    Company’s principal competitors were considered. The
    agreement had an initial term of two years expiring May 6,
    2005, and automatically renewed thereafter for successive one
    year periods until terminated on April 19, 2008.
    Mr. Zucker’s equity grants under his employment and
    stock option agreements are described more fully at
    “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End”. Other than Mr. Spiess, whose bonus is described above, no
    other Named Executive Officer was entitled to receive any
    payments that would be characterized as “Bonus” or
    “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” payments for
    the year ended December 31, 2007. 2007
    SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Non-Equity Deferred Stock Option Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Name and Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total Principal Position Year ($) ($) ($)(1) ($)(1) ($) ($) ($) ($) Matthew V. Booty 2007 354,950 — — 26,977 — — 5,657 (2) 387,584 Interim Chief Executive Officer and President and Senior Vice
    President — Worldwide Studios 2006 342,121 — — 84,281 — — 7,043 (2) 433,445 Martin Spiess 2007 360,326 (3) — — 60,558 73,900 (4)(6) — 62,050 (3)(5) 556,834 Executive Vice President, International for Midway Games, Limited David F. Zucker 2007 600,630 — — 910,158 — — 8,456 (2) 1,519,244 Former President and Chief Executive Officer (PEO) 2006 600,193 — 49,583 2,451,919 — — 11,915 (2) 3,113,610 Thomas E. Powell 2007 329,258 — — 24,549 — — 11,723 (2) 365,530 Former Executive Vice President — Finance, Treasurer
    and Chief Financial Officer (PFO) 2006 322,271 — — 24,358 — — 5,838 (2) 352,467 Steven M. Allison 2007 290,672 — — 56,501 — — — 347,173 Former Senior Vice President — Marketing and Chief
    Marketing Officer 2006 290,000 — — 53,799 — — — 343,799 19 Table of Contents (1) Represents fair value of awards recognized as compensation cost
    during the year over the respective vesting periods of the
    awards. See discussion of Midway’s valuation procedures and
    fair value assumptions for stock option awards at Note 11
    to the consolidated financial statements contained in the
    Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. (2) Represents payments made under our Exec-U-Care supplemental
    health insurance program. (3) GBP to USD exchange rate used was the 2007 annual average of
    2.00181. (4) GBP to USD exchange rate used was the spot rate of 1.9973 as of
    December 31, 2007. (5) Represents payments made for car allowance and commute
    reimbursement. (6) Bonus was paid in April 2008. Grants Of
    Plan-Based Awards During the year ended December 31, 2007, except for
    Mr. Spiess noted above, no non-equity incentive plan awards
    were given to the Named Executive Officers. On August 20, 2007, we granted shares of performance-based
    restricted stock to the Named Executive Officers. The restricted
    stock was issued under the 2005 Plan and was granted to the
    Named Executive Officers as an incentive to achieve a
    pre-determined profitability target based on the Company’s
    operating income for the year ending December 31, 2008. The
    restricted stock is restricted as to transfer until the date we
    file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2008 with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission (the “Release Date”). A
    precondition to the lapse of restrictions on this
    performance-based restricted stock is that the Company achieve
    profitability (i.e., having net income greater than zero) for
    the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008. If the Company
    does not achieve profitability in the fiscal year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock is forfeited.
    Furthermore, in order for the restrictions to lapse the Company
    must not just achieve profitability but must meet a
    pre-determined level of profitability. If the pre-determined
    level of profitability is reached the restrictions will lapse
    over a period of three years, such that the restrictions will
    have lapsed as to 100% of the shares on the third anniversary of
    the Release Date. Since the grant is based on the achievement of
    certain financial performance targets for the year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock also will be
    forfeited if we cease to be subject to the reporting obligations
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, upon certain changes
    in control or upon termination of employment of the person
    holding such restricted stock. Also on August 20, 2007, we granted stock options to each
    of the Named Executive Officers, except Mr. Zucker. The
    stock options were issued under the 2005 Plan and were granted
    to the Named Executive Officers as retention incentives. Up to
    25% of the options are exercisable on August 20, 2008, up
    to 50% are exercisable on August 20, 2009, up to 75% are
    exercisable on August 20, 2010 and up to 100% are
    exercisable on August 20, 2011. 2007
    GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS Estimated Future Estimated Future Payouts Under Payouts Under Grant Date Fair Non-Equity Incentive Equity Incentive Option Exercise Price of Value of Option Plan Awards Plan Awards Award Option Awards Awards Name Grant Date Threshold ($) Maximum ($) (#) (#) ($/Sh) ($) David F. Zucker 8/20/2007 — — 80,000 — — — Thomas E. Powell 8/20/2007 — — 45,000 40,000 5.90 $ 3.11 Steven M. Allison 8/20/2007 — — 30,000 15,000 5.90 $ 3.11 Matthew V. Booty 8/20/2007 — — 50,000 50,000 5.90 $ 3.11 Martin Spiess 8/20/2007 — — 35,000 25,000 5.90 $ 3.11 4/20/2007 0 144,130 (1) 20 Table of Contents (1) Mr. Spiess is eligible for a bonus based on (a) that
    portion of the Company’s net revenues for 2008 attributed
    to the sale of products in territories other than North America,
    South America, United States territories and possessions and
    military bases, and east Asia plus (b) that portion of the
    Company’s net revenues for 2008 attributed to the sale of
    video game products for platforms other than mobile telephones,
    PDAs and the like, in territories other than North and South
    America, U.S. territories and possessions and military bases,
    and east Asia by third parties under license from the Company or
    its affiliates. Mr. Spiess’ bonus for 2007 was
    calculated by multiplying his annual salary during 2008 (without
    deduction of tax or National Insurance Contributions and
    excluding bonus awards, amounts related to the exercise of stock
    options or the sale of restricted stock, contributions to
    employee benefit plans, commissions, tax “gross-ups” on commuting expenses, and any other benefits to which he may be
    entitled) by a percentage within a range of pre-determined
    percentages between 0% and 40% based on meeting certain net
    sales thresholds. Outstanding
    Equity Awards At Year-End On May 6, 2003, Mr. Zucker was granted ten-year
    non-qualified options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of our
    common stock at an exercise price of $3.57 per share and was
    issued 125,000 restricted shares of our common stock. The option
    covering 1,000,000 shares out of the 1,500,000 is subject
    to the terms of a stock option agreement dated May 6, 2003
    and provides that the option may be exercised for up to
    62,500 shares on or after November 1, 2004 and the
    remaining 937,500 shares become exercisable in ten equal
    quarterly installments on the first day of each February, May,
    August and November thereafter. The option agreement also
    provides that whenever we issued additional shares of our common
    stock prior to May 6, 2005, we would grant him an
    additional option (the “Additional Options”) to
    purchase shares of our common stock in an amount (a) equal
    to 3.23% of the shares so issued prior to May 6, 2004, and
    (b) after May 6, 2004 and until May 6, 2005,
    equal to the percentage of the shares so issued (but not to
    exceed 3.23%) determined by dividing (i) the number of
    shares then issuable under unexercised options held by
    Mr. Zucker immediately prior to the issuance by
    (ii) the number of outstanding shares of common stock
    immediately prior to the issuance. In each case, the exercise
    price of each Additional Option was at the closing price of our
    common stock on the date of issuance of the option. In no event,
    however could the shares subject to Additional Options exceed
    2,250,000. The Additional Options were subject to the same
    vesting schedule as the option to purchase
    1,000,000 shares. Through May 6, 2005, we issued
    options to Mr. Zucker to purchase up to
    1,177,589 shares at exercise prices ranging from $2.92 per
    share to $12.85 per share under this provision. No additional
    options have been or will be issued to Mr. Zucker pursuant
    to this provision after May 6, 2005. The option with
    respect to the other 500,000 shares is subject to the 2005
    Plan and is fully exercisable. The 125,000 restricted shares
    were issued under an agreement dated May 6, 2003, as
    amended. All 125,000 shares issued under this agreement
    have now vested and 72,918 shares remained outstanding at
    December 31, 2007. In accordance with
    Mr. Zucker’s stock option agreement, his remaining
    vested stock options will be cancelled three months following
    his April 19, 2008 termination of employment if not
    exercised. As of March 31, 2008, all of
    Mr. Zucker’s stock options are fully vested and
    1,774,671 stock options remain outstanding and exercisable. In
    addition, Mr. Zucker forfeited 80,000 unvested
    performance-based restricted shares granted under the 2005 Long
    Term Incentive Plan as a result of his termination. 21 Table of Contents The Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table below
    sets forth all outstanding equity awards at December 31,
    2007 for our Named Executive Officers. 2007
    OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Number of Market or Awards: Number Market Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Value of Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Shares or Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Units of Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Stock That Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Have Not Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) Vested ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 225,968 — — 2.92 5/5/2013 — — 80,000 (3) 220,800 1,087,857 — — 3.57 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,692 — — 6.27 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,669 — — 6.53 5/5/2013 — — — — 109 — — 6.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 472 — — 6.70 5/5/2013 — — — — 685 — — 7.25 5/5/2013 — — — — 399 — — 7.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 173 — — 7.75 5/5/2013 — — — — 54 — — 8.10 5/5/2013 — — — — 92,661 — — 8.12 5/5/2013 — — — — 44,816 — — 8.30 5/5/2013 — — — — 594 — — 8.30 5/5/2013 — — — — 310 — — 8.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 645 — — 8.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,145 — — 9.10 5/5/2013 — — — — 78 — — 9.11 5/5/2013 — — — — 7,956 — — 9.21 5/5/2013 — — — — 395 — — 9.29 5/5/2013 — — — — 32 — — 9.36 5/5/2013 — — — — 330 — — 9.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 27 — — 9.39 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,067 — — 9.42 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,971 — — 9.49 5/5/2013 — — — — 55 — — 9.57 5/5/2013 — — — — 124 — — 9.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 21 — — 9.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 336 — — 9.91 5/5/2013 — — — — 11,312 — — 10.00 5/5/2013 — — — — 436 — — 10.03 5/5/2013 — — — — 11,903 — — 10.06 5/5/2013 — — — — 922 — — 10.13 5/5/2013 — — — — 688 — — 10.14 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,104 — — 10.15 5/5/2013 — — — — 370 — — 10.19 5/5/2013 — — — — 76 — — 10.20 5/5/2013 — — — — 10,451 — — 10.21 5/5/2013 — — — — 15,689 — — 10.22 5/5/2013 — — — — 6 — — 10.26 5/5/2013 — — — — 12,349 — — 10.36 5/5/2013 — — — — 33 — — 10.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 69 — — 10.39 5/5/2013 — — — — 61 — — 10.40 5/5/2013 — — — — 22 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Number of Market or Awards: Number Market Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Value of Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Shares or Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Units of Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Stock That Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Have Not Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) Vested ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 285 — — 10.42 5/5/2013 — — — — 19 — — 10.45 5/5/2013 — — — — 69 — — 10.46 5/5/2013 — — — — 227 — — 10.50 5/5/2013 — — — — 688 — — 10.52 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,330 — — 10.54 5/5/2013 — — — — 119 — — 10.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,455 — — 10.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 190 — — 10.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 83 — — 10.64 5/5/2013 — — — — 60 — — 10.72 5/5/2013 — — — — 11,818 — — 10.74 5/5/2013 — — — — 48 — — 10.78 5/5/2013 — — — — 50 — — 10.82 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,433 — — 10.84 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,770 — — 10.85 5/5/2013 — — — — 16,403 — — 10.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 21 — — 10.91 5/5/2013 — — — — 688 — — 10.96 5/5/2013 — — — — 3,153 — — 11.16 5/5/2013 — — — — 55 — — 11.28 5/5/2013 — — — — 39 — — 11.29 5/5/2013 — — — — 4,483 — — 11.32 5/5/2013 — — — — 35,426 — — 11.43 5/5/2013 — — — — 10,966 — — 11.46 5/5/2013 — — — — 26 — — 11.49 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,345 — — 11.52 5/5/2013 — — — — 138 — — 11.54 5/5/2013 — — — — 62,021 — — 11.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 598 — — 11.60 5/5/2013 — — — — 19,456 — — 11.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 165 — — 11.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 761 — — 11.66 5/5/2013 — — — — 511 — — 11.75 5/5/2013 — — — — 255 — — 11.79 5/5/2013 — — — — 316 — — 11.80 5/5/2013 — — — — 103 — — 11.83 5/5/2013 — — — — 87 — — 11.86 5/5/2013 — — — — 14 — — 11.87 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,428 — — 11.89 5/5/2013 — — — — 11,676 — — 11.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 212 — — 11.98 5/5/2013 — — — — 34 — — 11.99 5/5/2013 — — — — 111 — — 12.03 5/5/2013 — — — — 910 — — 12.06 5/5/2013 — — — — 3,128 — — 12.20 5/5/2013 — — — — 110 — — 12.25 5/5/2013 — — — — 552 — — 12.33 5/5/2013 — — — — 23 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Number of Market or Awards: Number Market Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Value of Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Shares or Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Units of Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Stock That Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Have Not Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) Vested ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 948 — — 12.40 5/5/2013 — — — — 446 — — 12.41 5/5/2013 — — — — 374 — — 12.45 5/5/2013 — — — — 103 — — 12.53 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,263 — — 12.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,541 — — 12.58 5/5/2013 — — — — 663 — — 12.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 5,934 — — 12.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 5,678 — — 12.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 11,695 — — 12.65 5/5/2013 — — — — 5,948 — — 12.70 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,133 — — 12.85 5/5/2013 — — — — Thomas E. Powell 25,000 — — 2.35 8/12/2013 — — 45,000 (3) 124,200 10,000 — — 13.70 1/14/2012 — — — — — 40,000 (2) — 5.90 8/19/2017 — — — — Steven M. Allison 31,875 — — 3.72 12/21/2013 — — 30,000 (3) 82,800 — 15,000 (2) — 5.90 8/19/2017 — — — — Matthew V. Booty 50,000 — — 9.89 6/4/2012 — — 50,000 (3) 138,000 50,000 — — 2.35 8/12/2013 — — — — 1,125 — — 6.50 10/31/2010 — — — — — 50,000 (2) — 5.90 8/19/2017 — — — — Martin Spiess 20,000 20,000 (4) — 9.25 6/2/2015 — — 35,000 (3) 96,600 — 25,000 (2) — 5.90 8/19/2017 — — — — (1) Based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on
    December 31, 2007, which was $2.76 per share. (2) During August 2007, the Company granted 130,000 shares of
    incentive stock options under the 2005 Plan to our Named
    Executive Officers. Up to 25% of the grant is exercisable on
    August 20, 2008, up to 50% of the grant is exercisable on
    August 20, 2009, up to 75% of the grant is exercisable on
    August 20, 2010 and up to 100% of the grant is exercisable
    on August 20, 2011. (3) During August 2007, the Company granted 240,000 restricted
    shares under the 2005 Plan to our Named Executive Officers. The
    restricted stock is restricted as to transfer until the date we
    file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2008 with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission (the “Release Date”). A
    precondition to the lapse of restrictions on this
    performance-based restricted stock is that the Company achieve
    profitability (i.e., having net income greater than zero) for
    the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008. If the Company
    does not achieve profitability in the fiscal year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock is forfeited.
    Furthermore, in order for the restrictions to lapse the Company
    must not just achieve profitability but must meet a
    pre-determined level of profitability. If the pre-determined
    level of profitability is reached the restrictions will lapse
    over a period of three years, such that the restrictions will
    have lapsed as to 100% of the shares on the third anniversary of
    the Release Date. Since the grant is based on the achievement of
    certain financial performance targets for the year ending
    December 31, 2008, the restricted stock also will be
    forfeited if we cease to be subject to the reporting obligations
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, upon certain changes
    in control or upon termination of employment of the person
    holding such restricted stock. (4) Up to 50% of the grant is currently exercisable; up to 75% of
    the grant is exercisable on June 3, 2008 and up to 100% of
    the grant is exercisable on June 3, 2009. 24 Table of Contents Option
    Exercises and Stock Vested The Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table below sets forth all
    such award activity during the year ended December 31, 2007
    for our Named Executive Officers. 2007
    OPTION EXERCISES and STOCK VESTED Option Awards Stock Awards Number of Number of Shares Acquired Value Realized Shares Acquired Value Realized Name on Exercise (#) on Exercise ($) on Vesting (#) on Vesting ($) David F. Zucker — — — — Thomas E. Powell — — — — Steven M. Allison 10,625 38,072 — — Matthew V. Booty — — — — Martin Spiess — — — — Potential
    Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control Post-Employment
    Compensation Each of the Named Executive Officers, other than David Zucker,
    is an employee-at-will and as such does not have an employment agreement with us.
    Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement is described more
    fully under “Summary Compensation Table” and
    “Termination and Change of Control Arrangements”. We
    do not provide pension arrangements, post-retirement health
    coverage, nonqualified deferred compensation, or other
    post-employment benefits to our Named Executive Officers, except
    in connection with the termination and change of control
    arrangements in Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement, the
    change of control agreement with Mr. Powell and the
    termination payment to Mr. Spiess, each as described under
    “Termination and Change of Control Arrangements”. Termination
    and Change of Control Arrangements Mr. Zucker Effective April 19, 2008 Mr. Zucker’s employment
    agreement was terminated and accordingly, the provisions of the
    change of control agreements described below related to
    Mr. Zucker, which were in effect as of December 31,
    2007, are no longer applicable. Pursuant to Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement, if the
    Company terminates Mr. Zucker’s employment other than
    for cause, death, or permanent disability, including by
    notifying Mr. Zucker that his employment shall end at the
    end of any renewal period of his employment agreement, or if
    Mr. Zucker resigns for good reason, then: • The Company shall pay Mr. Zucker, within 30 days after
    the date of termination, his base salary in effect at the date
    of termination through the date of termination, to the extent it
    was not already paid to Mr. Zucker; and • Within 30 days after the Company publicly announces its
    audited results for the year in which the date of termination
    occurs, the Company shall pay the product of: • The annual bonus, if any, earned by Mr. Zucker under his
    employment agreement as if Mr. Zucker had remained employed
    for the entire year; and • A fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
    applicable year, through the date of termination, and the
    denominator of which is 365, less any payments previously made
    to Mr. Zucker in respect of the annual bonus; and 25 Table of Contents • Whether or not Mr. Zucker seeks or accepts other
    employment, the Company shall pay to Mr. Zucker an amount
    equal to two times his base salary in effect on the date of
    termination, which shall be payable 25% on the date of
    termination, and an additional 25% on each of 121 days,
    242 days and 365 after the date of termination. For purposes of Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement,
    “cause” means: • conviction of a felony, or any other crime involving fraud,
    dishonesty or breach of trust relating to the Company or
    Mr. Zucker’s employment; • failure and refusal to follow a reasonable direction of the
    board of directors of the Company after notice in writing of
    such failure or refusal and a cure period of ten days after the
    notice in writing; • commission of any dishonest or grossly negligent act which has
    or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company or its customer or trade relationships provided that
    such act was not taken with the approval of the board of
    directors of the Company; or • a breach by Mr. Zucker of any material provision of his
    employment agreement, after the Company has provided him with
    notice in writing and a cure period of ten days. A “change of control” occurs when, at any time during
    Mr. Zucker’s employment under his employment
    agreement, or within three months following the Company’s
    termination of Mr. Zucker without cause or the resignation
    of Mr. Zucker for good reason pursuant to any of the first
    three bullet points under “good reason”, both of the
    following occur: • individuals who constitute the board of directors at May 6,
    2003 or who have been recommended for election to the board by
    two-thirds of the board consisting of individuals who are
    members of the board at May 6, 2003 or such recommended
    successors cease for any reason to constitute at least a
    majority of such board; and • Mr. Zucker is not offered the opportunity to continue as
    Chief Executive Officer after such a board change on the terms
    of this employment agreement. If a change of control occurs and Mr. Zucker gives written
    notice to the Company within 60 days after such change of
    control of his election to terminate his employment under his
    employment agreement, the Company shall pay to Mr. Zucker
    within 15 days after Mr. Zucker’s delivery of
    such notice, as severance pay and liquidated damages, in lieu of
    any other rights or remedies which might otherwise be available
    to Mr. Zucker under his employment agreement (including any
    right to assert a termination for good reason), and without
    mitigation of any kind or amount, whether or not Mr. Zucker
    shall seek or accept other employment, a lump sum payment equal
    in amount to: • the sum of: • one year’s base annual salary currently in effect; and • the bonus payable to Mr. Zucker, if any, for the year
    immediately prior to the change of control, • multiplied by 2.99. The change of control payments shall be reduced by any payments
    made by the Company to Mr. Zucker prior to the date of the
    change of control if the Company terminates
    Mr. Zucker’s employment other than for cause, death or
    permanent disability, including by notifying Mr. Zucker
    that his employment shall end at the expiration of any renewal
    period of his employment agreement, or Mr. Zucker resigns
    for good reason, and the Company is obligated to pay to
    Mr. Zucker an amount equal to two times his base salary in
    effect on the date of termination. In addition, all unexpired
    options to purchase securities of the Company or restricted
    securities granted to Mr. Zucker before the change of
    control shall, if unvested, vest fully on the date of the change
    of control, notwithstanding any vesting provisions of such
    options. Any change of control payment shall be paid in full,
    without discount to present value. 26 Table of Contents In addition, if any change of control payment by the Company to
    Mr. Zucker is determined to be subject to the excise tax
    imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of
    1986, as amended, then Mr. Zucker shall be entitled to
    receive an additional payment in an amount such that the net
    amount retained by Mr. Zucker, after the calculation and
    deduction of any excise tax, shall be equal to the change of
    control payment less any federal, state and local income taxes.
    This additional payment shall be reduced by income or excise tax
    withholding payments made by the Company to any federal, state
    or local taxing authority with respect to the additional payment
    that was not deducted from compensation payable to
    Mr. Zucker. “Good reason” means: • a breach by the Company of any material provision of
    Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement, after
    Mr. Zucker has provided the Company with notice in writing
    thereof and a cure period of ten days; • there has occurred any material diminution or reduction in
    Mr. Zucker’s duties, whether in scope or nature, or
    Mr. Zucker is required to report to anyone other than the
    board of directors of the Company or any committee thereof; • the board of directors elects an executive officer senior in
    rank to Mr. Zucker; • the Company’s principal place of business is moved more
    than 50 miles from 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago,
    Illinois and as a result of such move, Mr. Zucker’s
    commute to work is increased by more than 50 miles each
    way; or • a change of control occurs and within 60 days after the
    change of control Mr. Zucker notifies the Company of his
    election to terminate his employment. “Permanent disability” means the absence of
    Mr. Zucker from his duties with the Company on a full-time
    basis for 120 consecutive business days, or for six months in
    any 12-month period during the term of the agreement, as a result of
    incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined
    to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company
    or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to Mr. Zucker or
    his legal representative. Mr. Zucker’s payment and benefit levels were
    determined under the various circumstances that trigger payments
    under his employment agreement (i) in accordance with
    Company historical compensation practices with respect to its
    chief executive officers; (ii) consistent with his position
    as Chief Executive Officer and direct supervisor of the other
    Named Executive Officers; and (iii) consistent with other
    Chief Executive Officers within the interactive entertainment
    software industry in which we compete. The amounts payable under
    Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement directly correspond
    to the stated elements of the Company’s compensation
    program, namely salary, cash bonus and equity awards. Since the
    Company does not provide other types of compensation (e.g.,
    deferred compensation or retirement benefits other than
    participation in the Company-sponsored 401(k) plan), the
    determination of amounts payable under Mr. Zucker’s
    employment agreement does not impact nor is it impacted by any
    other compensation objectives. In accordance with Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement,
    he became entitled, as of April 19, 2008, to receive an
    amount equal to two times his base salary in effect on the date
    of termination of employment, which is payable 25% on the date
    of termination and an additional 25% on each of 121 days,
    242 days and 365 days thereafter. Mr. Zucker is
    also eligible to receive the pro-rata portion of his annual
    bonus earned, if any, in the year of his termination. Mr. Powell On January 9, 2008, Mr. Powell announced his
    resignation from the Company effective February 1, 2008.
    Accordingly, the provisions of the change of control agreements
    described below related to Mr. Powell, which were in effect
    as of December 31, 2007, are no longer applicable. Pursuant to the change of control agreements with
    Mr. Powell, if a change of control occurs: • within five years of February 10, 2003; and 27 Table of Contents • within two years after the change of control a “terminating
    condition” occurs, then Mr. Powell would have been
    entitled to a severance amount equal to 24 months salary
    following his termination. For purposes of the change of control agreements with
    Mr. Powell, a change of control occurs when individuals who
    constituted the Company’s board of directors at
    February 10, 2003, or who have been recommended for
    election to the board by two-thirds of the board consisting of
    individuals who are members of the board at February 10,
    2003 or such recommended successors, cease for any reason to
    constitute at least a majority of such board. Further, a “terminating condition” occurs when either: • the employment of Mr. Powell is terminated by the Company
    without cause; • Mr. Powell gives Midway a written resignation from his
    employment after, without his consent, the business facility at
    which he is required to perform his duties to the Company is
    relocated more than 50 miles from the business location at
    which he is performing his duties to Midway; or • Mr. Powell gives the Company a written resignation from his
    employment after, without his consent, either he is placed in a
    position with the Company of lesser stature than his present
    position with the Company or he is assigned duties with the
    Company inconsistent with such position or duties which, if
    performed, would result in a significant change in the nature or
    scope of powers, authority, functions or duties inherent in such
    position on February 10, 2003 or Mr. Powell is
    assigned by the Company performance requirements and working
    conditions which are a variance with the performance
    requirements and working conditions in effect on
    February 10, 2003, provided that such assigned duties,
    performance requirements and/or working conditions are not associated with his achieving a
    position of greater stature, authority and/or responsibility than his position with his present position with
    the Company. The determination of the appropriate payment levels under the
    arrangements described above were made pursuant to negotiations
    with Mr. Powell. These arrangements were designed purely to
    retain the services of Mr. Powell in the event the Company
    pursued a business objective that would result in a change of
    control in order to ensure his assistance throughout such
    process and, as such, do not impact any other compensation
    objectives. Mr. Spiess If Midway Games Limited terminates Mr. Spiess’
    employment without cause, he would be entitled to a separation
    payment which is more fully described below under
    “Potential Payments to Officers under Existing Employment
    or Retention Arrangements.” The payment is designed to
    compensate Mr. Spiess if Midway Games Limited terminates
    him for convenience or without cause to do so. The amount of
    payment was determined in accordance with the Company’s
    determination of what would be a customary separation payment in
    the industry for an individual at Mr. Spiess’ level.
    On April 8, 2008 Midway Games Limited agreed with
    Mr. Spiess that if Midway Games Limited terminates his
    employment without cause he will be entitled to a severance
    payment equal to nine (9) months’ salary following his
    termination (this payment would be in addition to the three
    (3) months’ notice of termination (or pay in lieu of
    notice) to which Mr. Spiess is otherwise entitled). Any
    such severance amount would be based upon Mr. Spiess’
    base annual salary upon the date of termination and would be
    paid in normal payroll intervals. The April 8, 2008
    agreement replaces and supersedes any and all prior and
    contemporaneous agreements with respect to severance payments. Potential
    Payments to Officers under Existing Employment or Retention
    Agreements If Mr. Zucker had been terminated on December 31, 2007
    other than for cause, death, or permanent disability or if
    Mr. Zucker had resigned in 2007 for good reason, he would
    have been able to receive the payments set forth below in the
    column under the heading “Involuntary Not for Cause or
    Voluntary for Good Reason Termination”. If
    Mr. Zucker’s or Mr. Powell’s employment had
    been terminated on December 31, 2007 pursuant to a change
    of control each would have been eligible to receive the payments
    set forth in the column under the heading “Termination
    Following a Change in Control”. If Mr. Spiess’
    employment had been 28 Table of Contents terminated by Midway Games Limited on December 31, 2007, he
    would have been able to receive the payments set forth in the
    column under the heading “Termination Without Cause.” Mr. Zucker The following table shows the payments that David F. Zucker,
    Midway’s former President and Chief Executive Officer,
    would have received had a termination or a change of control
    occurred on December 31, 2007. Mr. Zucker’s
    employment agreement was terminated effective April 19,
    2008 and Mr. Zucker is entitled to the amounts described
    above pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. Involuntary Not for Cause or Voluntary For Good Termination Following a Type of Payment Reason Termination Change of Control Salary $ 1,200,000 $ 1,797,000 Bonus(1) — — Restricted Shares(2) — 220,800 Total $ 1,200,000 $ 2,017,800 (1) In accordance with Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement,
    which was in effect as of December 31, 2007, he was
    eligible to receive the pro-rata portion of the annual bonus
    payable to him in the fiscal year of his termination or
    notification that his employment agreement would be not be
    renewed. However, no bonus was declared or approved for
    Mr. Zucker for 2007. In the event of a change in control,
    in accordance with Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement,
    which was in effect as of December 31, 2007, he was also
    eligible to receive a sum equal to 2.99 times the bonus payable
    to him in the year immediately prior to change in control.
    However, no bonus was declared or approved for Mr. Zucker
    for 2007. (2) Represents the value of Mr. Zucker’s 80,000 unvested
    performance-based shares at December 31, 2007 based upon
    the December 31, 2007 closing price of $2.76 per share of
    Midway’s common stock. Mr. Powell The following table shows the payments that Thomas E. Powell,
    Midway’s former Executive Vice President —
    Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, would have
    received had a termination following a change of control
    occurred on December 31, 2007. Termination Following a Type of Payment Change of Control Salary(1) $ 658,516 Other — Total $ 658,516 (1) Represents continued payment to Mr. Powell of his base
    annual salary as of December 31, 2007 for a period of
    24 months. 29 Table of Contents Mr. Spiess The following table shows the continued payments of base annual
    salary as of December 31, 2007 for a period of
    6 months that Martin Spiess, Midway Games Limited’s
    Executive Vice President, International, would have received had
    a termination without cause occurred on December 31, 2007.
    As described above, the payments in the event of a termination
    without cause have changed as of April 8, 2008 such that
    Mr. Spiess would be entitled to severance payments equal to
    nine (9) months’ salary following his termination
    (these payments would be in addition to the three
    (3) months’ notice of termination (or pay in lieu of
    notice) to which Mr. Spiess is otherwise entitled). Any
    such severance payments would be based upon
    Mr. Spiess’ base annual salary upon the date of
    termination and would be paid in normal payroll intervals. Termination Without Type of Payment Cause Salary(1) $ 179,757 Other — Total $ 179,757 (1) Represents continued payment to Mr. Spiess of his base
    annual salary as of December 31, 2007 for a period of
    6 months using the GBP to USD exchange rate of 1.9973 as of
    December 31, 2007. Non-Employee
    Director Compensation Table The Company’s board of directors is comprised solely of
    non-employee directors who receive a combination of cash
    payment, equity-based compensation and benefits as shown in the
    table below for the year ended December 31, 2007. DIRECTOR
    COMPENSATION Change in Pension Value and Non-Equity Nonqualified Fees Earned or Stock Incentive Plan Deferred All Other Paid in Cash Awards Option Awards Compensation Compensation Compensation Total Name ($) ($) ($)(1) ($) Earnings ($)(2) ($) William C. Bartholomay 86,371 — 21,118 — — — 107,489 Peter C. Brown 75,000 — 21,118 — — — 96,118 Joseph A. Califano, Jr. 66,750 — 21,118 — — — 87,868 Kenneth D. Cron(3) 665,500 — 21,119 — — 10,250 696,869 Shari E. Redstone 318,500 — 21,118 — — — 339,618 Ira S. Sheinfeld(4) 50,625 — 10,462 — — — 61,087 Robert J. Steele 225,000 — 21,118 — — — 246,118 Robert N. Waxman 81,000 — 21,118 — — 14,990 117,108 (1) Represents the charge taken in 2007 in the Company’s
    financial statements in connection with 12,000 option shares
    awarded to each director on September 6, 2006 with a grant
    date fair market value of approximately $5.29 per option.
    Assumptions used in valuing such options are set forth in
    Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained
    in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. These options vested
    one-third immediately upon grant and an additional one-third
    upon each of the first and second anniversaries of the grant
    date. (2) Represents payments made under our Exec-U-Care supplemental
    health insurance program. (3) Mr. Cron resigned as a director of the Company effective
    December 17, 2007. (4) Mr. Sheinfeld resigned as a director of the Company
    effective August 30, 2007. During September 2006 under the 2005 Plan, the Company granted
    12,000 option shares to each non-employee director
    (84,000 shares in total) with a grant date fair value of
    approximately $8.77. These options 30 Table of Contents vested one-third immediately upon grant date and an additional
    one-third upon each of the first and second anniversaries of the
    grant date. As of December 31, 2007, 68,000 of these shares
    remained outstanding. No equity grants were made to the members
    of our Board of Directors in 2007. During prior years, the Company awarded non-employee directors
    with 81,676 option shares under other stock option plans that
    now have been replaced with the 2005 Plan. As of
    December 31, 2007, 81,676 of these shares remain
    outstanding. The following table lists the grant date fair value
    for each of the equity awards. Options Awarded Grant Date Fair Value Per Option 10,000 5/18/1998 $ 7.97 10,000 1/31/2000 9.16 15,000 1/15/2002 10.35 21,676 9/3/2002 4.00 25,000 9/19/2003 2.32 81,676 The Compensation Committee of the board of directors reviews the
    level of compensation of the Company’s non-employee
    directors from time to time. To determine the appropriate level
    of compensation for the non-employee directors, the Compensation
    Committee has reviewed publicly available data describing
    non-employee director compensation at our principal competitors. In 2007, the Company paid a fee of $60,000 per year to each of
    the non-employee directors. The Company paid Mr. Cron, the
    Chair of the board of directors until his resignation on
    December 17, 2007, an additional fee of $48,000 per year,
    which was increased to $300,000 per year for the period
    June 1, 2006 through May 31, 2007. In 2006 the Board
    of Directors reviewed the duties of the Chair. The Board
    determined that the duties of the Chair were significantly more
    substantial than those of a director or other committee chairs
    and increased the fees of the Chair of the Board of Directors
    accordingly. Specifically, Mr. Cron served as a liaison
    among management of the Company, third parties, the members of
    the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors.
    In addition, Mr. Cron met and consulted with management of
    the Company, the members of the Board of Directors and
    committees of the Board of Directors regarding Company business
    opportunities. In 2007, at the direction of the Board of
    Directors, Mr. Cron, along with the assistance of
    Mr. Steele and Ms. Redstone, reviewed various business
    opportunities on behalf of the Company. Mr. Cron was
    eligible for, and received, a $300,000 bonus payment upon
    completion of certain goals related to the exploration of such
    business opportunities. Specifically, Mr. Cron was required
    to identify and investigate various companies with which the
    Company could engage in business transactions in furtherance of
    the Company’s objective to achieve profitability and to
    propose and negotiate the terms of such transactions. No
    specific numerical or financial metrics relating to the goals
    were specified. Each of Ms. Redstone and Mr. Steele
    received a bonus payment of $250,000 and $150,000 respectively
    for the assistance they provided to Mr. Cron. The bonus
    payments to Messrs. Cron and Steele and Ms. Redstone
    on March 22, 2007 related to services performed in 2007 in
    furtherance of the pursuit of business opportunities on behalf
    of the Company. A director who serves as the Chair of the Special Committee of
    Independent Directors or Nominating Committee of our board of
    directors receives a further fee of $2,500 per year for his or
    her services in that capacity, and each other member of those
    Committees receives an additional fee of $1,000 per year. A
    director who serves as the Chair of the Corporate Governance
    Committee of the board receives a further fee of $7,500 per year
    for his or her services in that capacity, and each other member
    of that Committee receives an additional fee of $5,000 per year.
    On September 5, 2007 the board of directors resolved to
    combine the Nominating Committee and the Corporate Governance
    Committee and form the Nominating and Corporate Governance
    Committee. Since its formation, the Chair of the Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee of the board receives a further
    fee of $7,500 per year for his or her services in that capacity,
    and each other member of that Committee receives an additional
    fee of $5,000 per year. The Company paid the Chair of the
    Compensation Committee an additional fee of $17,500 per year,
    reduced to $5,000 per year effective March 2008, and each other
    member of that Committee receives an additional fee of $1,000
    per year which was increased to $5,000 per year effective March
    2008. A director who serves as the Chair of the Audit Committee
    of the board receives a further fee of $20,000 per year for 31 Table of Contents his or her services in that capacity, and each other member of
    that committee receives an additional fee of $15,000 per year.
    Each member of the NAI Transaction Committee, formed in February
    2008, is entitled to a fee of $25,000, plus the reimbursement of
    expenses, as compensation for service on the NAI Transaction
    Committee. Our directors may also receive options to purchase
    shares of common stock under our 2005 Plan, and were each
    granted an option to purchase 12,000 shares of the
    Company’s common stock on September 6, 2006. These
    options vested one-third immediately upon grant and an
    additional one-third upon each of the first and second
    anniversaries of the grant date. Our directors who are not also directors of WMS are eligible to
    receive reimbursement for health insurance costs under our
    Exec-U-Care supplemental health care insurance program. In 2007,
    we paid $14,990 to Robert N. Waxman under this program. On April 25, 2008 the Board of Directors approved the
    following additional compensation for each of the Board members:
    (i) $2,000 for each Board meeting attended, and
    (ii) $1,000 for each committee meeting attended. Compensation
    Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2007, Messrs. Bartholomay (Chair), Califano and Cron
    and Ms. Redstone served on our Compensation Committee.
    Mr. Cron served on the Compensation Committee until his
    resignation on December 17, 2007. Ms. Redstone served
    on our Compensation Committee until March 5, 2008. No
    member of our Compensation Committee is or was an employee or
    officer of Midway, and no officer, director or other person had
    any relationship in 2007 required to be disclosed under this
    heading. Mr. Bartholomay is Group Vice Chair of Willis
    Group Holdings, Ltd. and Vice Chair of Willis North America,
    Inc., insurance brokers, which we retained to provide insurance
    brokerage services during 2007 and propose to retain for
    insurance brokerage services during 2008. PROPOSAL 2:
    APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
    FIRM We propose that the stockholders ratify the appointment by our
    Audit Committee of Ernst & Young LLP, independent
    registered public accounting firm, as our independent auditors
    for the year ending December 31, 2008. We expect that
    representatives of Ernst & Young LLP will be present
    at the annual meeting and that they will be available to respond
    to appropriate questions submitted by stockholders at the
    meeting. Ernst & Young LLP will have the opportunity
    to make a statement at the meeting if they desire to do so. Fees
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ernst & Young LLP served as our independent auditors
    for 2007 and 2006. Aggregate fees billed by Ernst &
    Young LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of
    2007 and 2006 and for other professional services billed in 2007
    and 2006, were as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2007 2006 Audit Fees(1) $ 887,000 $ 925,000 Audit-Related Fees(2) 22,000 22,000 Tax Fees — — All Other Fees — — Total $ 909,000 $ 947,000 (1) Comprised of the audit of our annual consolidated financial
    statements, internal control attestation services required to
    comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, review of financial
    statements included in our Form 10-Qs and other services provided by the accountant in connection with
    statutory and regulatory filings. (2) Comprised of 401(k) audit procedures and various other services. 32 Table of Contents Pre-approval
    Policies and Procedures Consistent with the SEC requirements regarding auditor
    independence, our Audit Committee has adopted a policy to
    pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services
    provided by our independent auditor. Under the policy, the Audit
    Committee, or a designated member thereof, must pre-approve
    non-audit services prior to the commencement of the specified
    service. The approval by any member of the Audit Committee must
    be presented to the full Audit Committee at the next regularly
    scheduled Audit Committee meeting. Our independent auditors
    verify to our Audit Committee annually that they have not
    performed and will not perform any prohibited non-audit services. Percentage
    of Services Approved Under S-X Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) None. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of
    our common stock present in person or by proxy and entitled to
    vote on this proposal is required for ratification of the
    selection of our independent registered public accounting firm.
    Ratification by the stockholders of the appointment of our
    independent registered public accounting firm is not required,
    but the Board believes that it is desirable to submit this
    matter to the stockholders. If holders of a majority of our
    common stock present in person or by proxy did not approve the
    selection of Ernst & Young LLP at the meeting, the
    selection of the independent registered public accounting firm
    would be reconsidered. However, Mr. Redstone and
    Ms. Redstone have indicated to us that they will vote in
    favor of this proposal, so its passage is assured. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE
    “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
    ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
    ACCOUNTING FIRM. AUDIT
    COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Midway is
    composed of three independent directors and operates under a
    written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. On
    February 27, 2008, Mr. Robert J. Steele
    concluded his service to the Audit Committee and Mr. Joseph
    A. Califano, Jr. was elected to the committee. Management is responsible for Midway’s internal accounting
    controls, assessing the effectiveness of internal controls over
    financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements.
    Midway’s independent registered public accounting firm,
    Ernst & Young LLP, is responsible for performing
    audits of (a) Midway’s consolidated financial
    statements in accordance with the auditing standards of the
    Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and
    (b) Midway’s internal control over financial
    reporting, and issuing audit reports thereon. The Audit
    Committee’s responsibility is to monitor, review and
    oversee these processes. In keeping with that responsibility, the Audit Committee has
    reviewed and discussed Midway’s audited consolidated
    financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2007,
    its internal control over financial reporting and
    management’s assessment thereof with both management and
    Midway’s independent registered public accounting firm. In
    addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with the independent
    registered public accounting firm the matters required to be
    discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61,
    “Communications with Audit Committees”, Securities and
    Exchange Commission rules and other professional standards. The Audit Committee has received and reviewed the written
    disclosures and the letter from the independent registered
    public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board
    Standard No. 1, “Independence Discussions with Audit
    Committees,” and has discussed with the independent
    registered public accounting firm their independence. The Audit
    Committee has also considered whether the provision of non-audit
    services by the independent registered public accounting firm is
    consistent with maintaining auditor independence. 33 Table of Contents Based on these discussions and reviews, the Audit Committee
    recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has
    approved, that the audited consolidated financial statements be
    included in Midway’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors: Robert N.
    Waxman (Chairman) Peter C. Brown Joseph A. Califano, Jr. OTHER
    MATTERS Stockholder
    Proposals As of the date of this proxy statement, the Board has not
    received notice of, and does not intend to propose, any other
    matters for stockholder action. However, if any other matters
    are properly brought before the meeting, it is intended that the
    persons voting the accompanying proxy will vote the shares
    represented by the proxy in accordance with their best judgment. We must receive any stockholder proposals of matters to be acted
    upon at our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on or before
    February 14, 2009 to consider including them in our proxy
    materials for that meeting. Further, if any stockholders wish to
    recommend nominations to be considered by our Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee prior to our 2009 annual meeting,
    such recommendations must be made following the procedures
    described above under “Nominating and Corporate Governance
    Committee Policies” and in Appendix A to this
    proxy statement. In order for a stockholder proposal or nomination to be acted
    upon at an annual meeting, notice of stockholder proposals must
    be delivered to us between 60 and 90 days prior to the
    annual meeting (or, if no public disclosure of the date of the
    meeting has been made at least 70 days before the meeting,
    then not more than ten days after such disclosure). The notice
    must contain the information required under Article I,
    Section 13 of our By-laws. Section 16(a)
    Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
    requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more
    than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities,
    to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission. These persons are required
    by regulation to furnish us with copies of all
    Section 16(a) reports that they file. Based on our review
    of the copies of these reports received by us, or written
    representations from the reporting persons that no Form 5
    was required for those persons, we believe that, during 2007,
    all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors
    and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied
    with. Voting
    Procedures We will appoint inspectors of election to tabulate the number of
    shares of common stock represented at the meeting in person or
    by proxy, to determine whether or not a quorum is present and to
    count all votes cast at the meeting. The inspectors of election
    will treat abstentions and broker non-votes as shares that are
    present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the
    presence of a quorum. Votes withheld in connection with the
    election of one or more of the nominees for director will not be
    counted in determining the votes cast and will have no effect on
    the outcome of the vote. With respect to the tabulation of votes
    cast on a specific proposal presented to the stockholders at the
    meeting, abstentions will be considered as present and entitled
    to vote with respect to that specific proposal, whereas broker
    non-votes will not be considered as present and entitled to vote
    with respect to that specific proposal. Therefore, abstentions
    will have the effect of a vote against each proposal, but broker
    non-votes will have no effect on the vote for or against each
    proposal. In addition, under New York Stock Exchange rules, with
    respect to any proposal that is a prerequisite to listing of
    additional or new securities, the total vote cast on the
    proposal must represent at least a majority of all 34 Table of Contents outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on the
    proposal. Since Mr. Redstone and his related parties
    control a majority of our outstanding voting shares, their vote
    will decide each proposal. The term “broker non-votes”
    commonly refers to shares held in street name for customers,
    where the broker does not have authority under New York Stock
    Exchange rules to vote on its own initiative on particular
    items, and the broker has not received instructions from the
    beneficial owners. How to
    Obtain Our Annual Report on Form 10-K We will provide without charge a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, including financial
    statements and schedules, to each of our stockholders of record
    on May 19, 2008 and each beneficial owner of our common
    stock on that date, upon receipt of a written request mailed to
    our offices, 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL 60618,
    Attention: Geoffrey M. Mogilner, Director — Investor
    Relations. In the event that exhibits to the Forms 10-K are requested, a reasonable fee will be charged for reproduction
    of the exhibits. Please note that you can view and print our
    recent Forms 10-K, including exhibits, on our website at www.investor.midway.com or at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website
    at www.sec.gov. Requests from beneficial owners of common
    stock must set forth a good faith representation as to their
    ownership. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting in person, you
    are requested to mark, date, sign and return your proxy in the
    enclosed envelope. No postage need be affixed if mailed in the
    United States. You may revoke the proxy at any time before it is
    exercised. If you attend the meeting in person, you may withdraw
    the proxy and vote your own shares. By Order of the Board of Directors, DEBORAH K. FULTON Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Chicago, Illinois June 13, 2008 35 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Procedures
    for Stockholders Submitting Nominating Recommendations 1. Stockholders Entitled to Make
    Submissions. The Nominating and Corporate
    Governance Committee of our Board of Directors will accept for
    consideration submissions from stockholders that individually or
    as a group have beneficial ownership of at least 3% of our
    common stock and have had such ownership for at least one year.
    Acceptance of a recommendation for consideration does not imply
    that the Committee will nominate the recommended candidate. 2. Manner and Address for Submission. All
    stockholder nominating recommendations must be in writing,
    addressed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
    care of our corporate secretary at our principal headquarters,
    2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618.
    Submissions must be made by mail, courier or personal delivery. E-mailed submissions will not be considered. 3. Information Concerning the Recommending
    Stockholders. A nominating recommendation must be
    accompanied by the following information concerning each
    recommending stockholder: • The name and address, including telephone number, of the
    recommending stockholder; • The number of shares of our common stock owned by the
    recommending stockholder and the time period for which such
    shares have been held; • If the recommending stockholder is not a stockholder of record,
    a statement from the record holder of the shares (usually a
    broker or bank) verifying the holdings of the stockholder and
    the statement from the recommending stockholder of the length of
    time that the shares have been held. (Alternatively, the
    stockholder may furnish a current Schedule 13D,
    Schedule 13G, Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission reflecting the
    holdings of the stockholder, together with a statement of the
    length of time that the shares have been held); and • A statement from the stockholder as to whether the stockholder
    has a good faith intention to continue to hold the reported
    shares through the date of our next annual meeting of
    stockholders. 4. Information Concerning the Proposed
    Nominee. A nominating recommendation must be
    accompanied by the following information concerning the proposed
    nominee: • the information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure of the name, address, any
    arrangements or understanding regarding nomination and five year
    business experience of the proposed nominee, as well as
    information regarding certain types of legal proceedings within
    the past five years involving the nominee); • the information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure regarding the proposed
    nominee’s ownership of our securities); and • the information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure of transactions between us
    and the proposed nominee valued in excess of $120,000 and
    certain other types of business relationships with us). 5. Relationships Between the Proposed Nominee and the
    Recommending Stockholder. The nominating
    recommendation must describe all relationships between the
    proposed nominee and the recommending stockholder and any
    agreements or understandings between the recommending
    stockholder and the nominee regarding the nomination. 6. Other Relationships of the Proposed
    Nominee. The nominating recommendation shall
    describe all relationships between the proposed nominee and any
    of our competitors, customers, suppliers, labor unions or other
    persons with interests regarding us. 7. Qualifications of the Proposed
    Nominee. The recommending stockholder must
    furnish a statement supporting its view that the proposed
    nominee possesses the minimum qualifications prescribed by the A-1 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for nominees, and
    briefly describing the contributions that the nominee would be
    expected to make to the Board and to our governance. 8. Ability to Represent All
    Stockholders. The recommending stockholder must
    state whether, in the view of the stockholder, the nominee, if
    elected, would represent all stockholders and not serve for the
    purpose of advancing or favoring any particular stockholder or
    other constituency of ours. 9. Consent to be interviewed by the Committee and, if
    nominated and elected, to serve. The nominating
    recommendation must be accompanied by the consent of the
    proposed nominee to be interviewed by the Committee, if the
    Committee chooses to do so in its discretion (and the
    recommending stockholder must furnish the proposed
    nominee’s contact information for this purpose), and, if
    nominated and elected, to serve as a director of ours. 10. Timing for Submissions Regarding Nominees for
    Election at Annual Meetings. A stockholder (or
    group of stockholders) wishing to submit a nominating
    recommendation for an annual meeting of stockholders must ensure
    that it is received by us, as provided above, not later than 120
    calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the
    proxy statement for the prior annual meeting of stockholders. In
    the event that the date of the annual meeting of stockholders
    for the current year is more than 30 days following the
    first anniversary date of the annual meeting of stockholders for
    the prior year, the submission of a recommendation will be
    considered timely if it is submitted a reasonable time in
    advance of the mailing of our proxy statement for the annual
    meeting of stockholders for the current year. 11. Stockholder Groups. If a
    recommendation is submitted by a group of two or more
    stockholders, the information regarding recommending
    stockholders must be submitted with respect to each stockholder
    in the group. A-2 Table of Contents MIDWAY GAMES INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE UNDERSIGNED, revoking all previous proxies, hereby appoints MATTHEW V. BOOTY, DEBORAH K.
FULTON and RYAN G. O’DESKY, or any of them, as attorneys, agents and proxies with power of
substitution, and with all powers the undersigned would possess if personally present, to vote all
shares of common stock of Midway Games Inc. (the “Company”) which the undersigned is entitled to
vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be held on June 25, 2008 and at all
adjournments thereof. The shares represented by this Proxy will be voted in accordance with the specifications made
by the undersigned upon all of the following proposals, more fully described in the accompanying
Proxy Statement. If no instructions are given by the undersigned, the shares represented by this
Proxy will be voted “FOR” the election of the nominees for directors designated by the Board of
Directors in proposal 1 and “FOR” proposal 2. (Continued and to be signed on reverse side) MIDWAY GAMES INC. c/o American Stock Transfer & Trust Company 6201 15th Avenue Brooklyn, New York 11219-9821 PLEASE MARK, DATE, SIGN AND MAIL THIS PROXY IN THE ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THIS PURPOSE. NO POSTAGE
IS REQUIRED FOR MAILING IN THE UNITED STATES. Votes must be indicated (x) in Black or Blue ink. þ 1. Election of six (6) Directors. FOR all nominees listed WITHHOLD AUTHORITY *EXCEPTIONS o except as marked o to vote for all nominees listed o NOMINEES: William C. Bartholomay/ Peter C. Brown/ Joseph A. Califano, Jr./ Shari E. Redstone /
Robert J. Steele/ Robert N. Waxman (INSTRUCTIONS: To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee, mark the “EXCEPTIONS”
box and write that nominee’s name in the space provided below.) *EXCEPTIONS: 2. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent registered public
accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2008. FOR o AGAINST o ABSTAIN o In their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly
come before the meeting. Please sign exactly as your name or names appear hereon, and when signing as attorney, executor,
administrator, trustee or guardian, give your full title as such. If signatory is a corporation,
sign the full corporate name by a duly authorized officer. If shares are held jointly, each
stockholder named should sign. To change your address, please mark this box: o Date: Share Owner sign here Co-Owner sign here