DEF 14A 1 d755432ddef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Definitive Proxy Statement Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 VISA INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement,
if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents Notice of 2020 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement VISA Table of Contents Tuesday, January 28, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Le Méridien San Francisco 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111 If you wish to attend the Annual Meeting in person, you must reserve your seat by January 24, 2020 by contacting our Investor Relations Department at (650) 432-7644 or InvestorRelations@visa.com. Please refer to the “Voting
and Meeting Information” section of the proxy statement for additional information. A
live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will be available on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time on January 28, 2020. Items of Business 1.  To elect the eleven director nominees named
in this proxy statement; 2.  To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive
officers; 3.  To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal year 2020; and 4.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any
adjournment or postponement thereof. The proxy statement more fully describes these
proposals. Record Date Holders of our Class A common stock at the close of business on November 29, 2019 are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Holders of our Class A common stock will be entitled to vote on all proposals. Proxy Voting Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote at your earliest convenience by
following the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy card you received in the mail. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted. Please refer to the “Voting and Meeting Information”
section of the proxy statement for additional information. On or about December 5, 2019, we
expect to release the proxy materials to the stockholders of our Class A common stock and to send to these stockholders (other than those Class A stockholders who previously requested electronic or paper delivery) a Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials, including our proxy statement and our fiscal year 2019 Annual Report, and to vote through the Internet or by telephone. By Order of the Board of Directors Kelly Mahon
Tullier Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary Foster City, California December 5, 2019 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2020 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on January 28, 2020. The proxy statement and Visa’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2019 are available at http://investor.visa.com . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY
SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 Board Leadership Structure 13 Board of Directors and Committee Evaluations 14 Director Succession Planning and Board Refreshment 15 Independence of Directors 15 Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors 16 Limitation on Other Board and Audit Committee Service 16 Management Development and Succession Planning 16 The Board of Directors’ Role in Risk Oversight 17 Stockholder Engagement on Corporate Governance, Corporate Responsibility and Executive
 Compensation Matters 18 Communicating with the Board of Directors 19 Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Stockholder Meetings 19 Codes of Conduct and Ethics 19 Political Engagement and Disclosure 19 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 20 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 OF DIRECTORS 23 Audit and Risk Committee 23 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 24 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 25 Compensation Committee 26 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 27 Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs 27 Compensation Committee Report 28 Finance Committee 28 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 29 Process for Nomination of Director Candidates 30 Stockholder Recommended Candidates 30 Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity 31 COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 32 Highlights of our Non-Employee Directors Compensation
 Program 32 Annual Retainers Paid in Cash 33 Equity Compensation 33 Stock Ownership Guidelines 34 Charitable Matching Gift Program 34 Director Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 34 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 35 Fiscal Year 2020 Director Compensation 35 PROPOSAL 1 
– ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 36 DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES 38 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES 44 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 46 i Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS 48 Executive Summary 48 Say-on-Pay 55 Setting Executive Compensation 56 Summary of Fiscal Year 2019 Base Salary and Incentive Compensation 58 Fiscal Year 2019 Compensation 59 Fiscal Year 2020 Compensation 70 Other Equity Grant Practices and Policies 71 Policy Regarding Clawback of Incentive Compensation 72 Tax Implications – Deductibility of Executive
Compensation 72 CEO PAY
RATIO 74 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 75 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 75 All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2019 Table 77 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2019 Table 78 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2019 Fiscal Year-End Table 80 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for Fiscal Year 2019 82 Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2019 83 Visa Retirement Plan 83 Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 84 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal
 Year 2019 84 Employment Arrangements and Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of
Control 86 PROPOSAL 2 
– APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 91 PROPOSAL 3 
– RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF KPMG LLP 92 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 93 VOTING AND MEETING
 INFORMATION 94 Information About Solicitation and Voting 94 Who Can Vote 94 How to Vote 95 Change or Revoke a Proxy or Vote 95 How Proxies are Voted 95 Proxy Solicitor 97 Voting Results 97 Viewing the List of Stockholders 97 Attending the Meeting 97 OTHER INFORMATION 98 Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2021
 Annual Meeting 98 Stockholders Sharing the Same Address 98 Fiscal Year 2019 Annual Report and SEC Filings 99 ii Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should
consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS Tuesday, January 28, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Le Méridien San Francisco, 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111 Stockholders planning to attend the Annual Meeting in person
must contact our Investor Relations Department at InvestorRelations@visa.com or (650) 432-7644 by January 24, 2020 to reserve a seat at the Annual Meeting. A live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will be available
on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time on January 28, 2020. November 29, 2019 VOTING MATTERS Proposals Board Recommendation Page Number for Additional Information Election of eleven director nominees FOR (each nominee) 36 Approval, on an advisory basis, of compensation paid to our named executive
 officers FOR 91 Ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public
 accounting firm FOR 92 1 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to corporate governance practices that promote long-term value and strengthen board and management accountability to our stockholders,
customers and other stakeholders. Information regarding our corporate governance framework begins on page 13, which includes the following highlights: Number of director nominees 11 Demonstrated commitment to board refreshment Percentage of independent director nominees 91% Annual board, committee and director evaluations Directors attended at least 75% of meetings Regularly focus on director succession planning Annual election of directors Risk oversight by full board and committees Majority voting for directors Stockholder outreach/engagement program Proxy access (3%/3-years) Stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers Robust Lead Independent Director duties Political Participation, Lobbying and Contributions Policy Regular executive sessions of independent
  directors Oversight of corporate culture and human capital management 2 Table of Contents Snapshot of 2020 Director Nominees Our director nominees exhibit an effective mix of diversity, experience and perspective Director Since Committee Memberships Other Current Public Boards Name Principal Occupation Independent ARC CC FC NGC Lloyd A. Carney 2015 CEO, Carney Global Ventures LLC ✓ 3 Mary B. Cranston 2007 Director ✓ ● ● 2 Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal 2007 Director General, Servicios Administrativos Contry SA de CV ✓ ● ● 3 Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 2014 Chairman and CEO, Visa – – Ramon Laguarta 2019 Chairman and CEO, PepsiCo, Inc. ✓ ● ● 1 John F. Lundgren 2017 Lead Independent Director, Visa ✓ ● 1 Robert W. Matschullat 2007 Director ✓ ● 1 Denise M. Morrison 2018 Founder, Denise Morrison & Associates, LLC ✓ ● ● 2 Suzanne Nora Johnson 2007 Director ✓ ● 3 John A. C. Swainson 2007 Director ✓ ● 1 Maynard G. Webb,
Jr. 2014 Founder, Webb Investment Network ✓ ● ● 1 ARC = Audit and Risk Committee     CC =
Compensation Committee     FC = Finance Committee NGC = Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee = Chair ● = Member 3 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS Highlights of Our Compensation Programs WHAT WE DO: Pay for performance Annual say-on-pay vote Clawback policy Short-term and long-term incentives/measures Capped incentive awards Independent compensation consultant Stock ownership guidelines Limited perquisites and no related tax gross-ups Engagement with
stockholders WHAT WE DO NOT DO: Gross-ups for excise taxes Reprice stock options Fixed-term employment agreements No single-trigger severance arrangements Permit hedging and pledging of Visa
securities 4 Table of Contents Our Compensation Philosophy, Principles and Key Elements We provide our named executive officers with short- and long-term compensation opportunities that encourage increasing performance to enhance
stockholder value while avoiding excessive risk-taking. We maintain compensation plans that tie a substantial portion of our named executive
officers’ overall target annual compensation to the achievement of our corporate performance goals as well as their individual performance. The Compensation Committee employs multiple performance measures and strives to award an appropriate mix
of annual and long-term equity incentives to avoid overweighting short-term objectives. As described below, these performance measures include environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors because ESG practices are important elements of
the Company’s long-term corporate strategy. Annual Incentive
Plan: Individual and Corporate Performance ● A
significant portion of our executive officers’ individual performance goals is tied to one or more of our strategic pillars (as explained further in this proxy statement under Individual Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year
2019 ) ● The executive officers’ individual performance goals may also include ESG factors such as: · Diversity and
inclusion · Employee
leadership and development · Cybersecurity
and data privacy · Financial
inclusion and access ● We link a substantial portion of compensation to corporate performance through use of annual cash incentives determined by Net Income Growth and Net
Revenue Growth Aligns executive officers’ interests with
stockholders’ interests by: ● rewarding individual performance for achievement of strategic goals (designed to position the Company competitively) ● promoting strong annual net income and revenue growth Long-Term Equity Grants: Individual
and Corporate Performance ● We consider individual performance (which is tied to the strategic pillars, including relevant ESG factors) in setting the value of our executive
officers’ long-term equity grant ● We link a substantial portion of compensation to long-term corporate performance through the use of long-term incentives, including
performance shares that use EPS and relative TSR as financial metrics Further aligns executive officers’ interests with long-term stockholders’
interests by: ● taking individual performance (which is tied to strategic pillars) into account in making grants ● linking a substantial portion of long-term compensation to long-term corporate performance and operational efficiency 5 Table of Contents Principles of Our Compensation
Programs Pay for Performance The key principle of our compensation philosophy is pay for
performance. Alignment with Stockholders’ Interests We reward performance that meets or exceeds the performance goals that the Compensation Committee establishes with the objective of increasing
stockholder value. Variation Based on Performance We favor variable pay
opportunities that are based on performance over fixed pay. The total compensation received by our named executive officers varies based on corporate and individual performance measured against annual and long-term goals. 6 Table of Contents 7 Table of Contents FISCAL YEAR 2019 COMPANY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS (1) For further information regarding non-GAAP adjustments, including a
reconciliation to GAAP, please see Item 7- Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Overview in our 2019 Annual Report as filed on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2019. (2) Total shareholder return includes reinvestment of dividends. 8 Table of Contents BOARD’S ROLE IN LONG-TERM STRATEGIC PLANNING The Board takes an active role with management to formulate and review Visa’s long-term corporate strategy. Our strategic framework contains
foundational pillars that are fundamental to maintaining Visa’s operational excellence and reputation as a trusted leader in the industry, and growth pillars that are critical for driving long-term sustained growth in a rapidly evolving
landscape. At the center of our strategic framework is the “develop best talent” pillar, which reflects how our commitment to attract, develop and retain the best people globally is crucial to all aspects of Visa’s activities and
long-term success. Each quarter, the Board and management routinely confer on the execution of our long-term strategic plans, the status of key
initiatives and the key opportunities and risks facing Visa. In addition, the Board regularly conducts in-depth long-term strategic reviews with our senior management team. During these reviews, the Board and
management discuss the payments landscape, emerging technological and competitive threats, and short- and long-term plans and priorities within these strategic pillars. Additionally, the Board annually discusses and approves the budget and capital requests, which are firmly linked to Visa’s long-term strategic
plans and priorities. Through these processes, the Board brings its collective, independent judgment to bear on the most critical long-term strategic issues facing Visa. For more information on our long-term strategy and the progress we made against
our strategic goals in fiscal 2019, please see our 2019 Annual Report, including the letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., to our stockholders. Strategic Framework 9 Table of Contents Corporate Culture and Human Capital Management Attracting, developing and retaining the best people globally is crucial to all aspects of Visa’s activities and long-term success, and is central
to our long-term strategy. We are investing in our employees to ensure we remain an employer of choice, and to continue to build an inclusive culture that inspires leadership, encourages innovative thinking and welcomes everyone. Visa has created a culture where all employees are encouraged to be leaders. To build this culture, we have embraced the following Visa Leadership
Principles that are integrated into all we do, and drive accountability for the way we act and the way we lead: The Board and its committees have oversight of our leadership culture. We foster an inclusive workplace that
encourages diversity of thought, culture and background. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee includes women and minority candidates in the pool from which the Committee considers director candidates. Management is responsible for ensuring our policies and processes reflect and reinforce our desired corporate culture, including policies and processes
related to strategy, risk management, and ethics and compliance. Recently, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was a signatory to The Business Roundtable Statement on Corporate Purpose, which commits signatories to (i) delivering value to
customers, (ii) investing in employees, (iii) dealing fairly and ethically with suppliers, (iv) supporting communities, and (v) generating long-term shareholder value. Employee Development and Engagement Visa understands that
being an employer of choice requires providing best-in-class training and development opportunities, while creating innovative programs that enable a vibrant and engaged
learning culture to flourish. We strive to achieve this through a number of forums, including Visa University, our signature global learning platform that houses more than 80,000 learning resources. Classes are taught and facilitated by company
leaders and external speakers who bring real-world context and ideas for practical application that are aligned with Visa’s goals. We
recognize that building an inclusive and high-performance culture requires an engaged workforce, where employees are motivated to do their best work every day. Our engagement approach centers on communication and recognition. We communicate with our
employees in a variety of ways, including company intranet, digital signage, live events in regional offices and quarterly all-staff meetings. Our recognition programs include our Go Beyond program, where
managers and peers recognize employees who exemplify our leadership principles. We assess employee engagement through a variety of channels,
including our annual employee survey, which provides feedback on a variety of topics, such as company direction and strategy, diversity and inclusion, individual growth and development, collaboration and confidence and trust. For the second year in 10 Table of Contents a row we had an exceptional response rate of 95% with improvement in the survey results across the board and no items with notably declining scores. We had high scores in areas such as Strategy
and Direction; Confidence and Trust; and Diversity and Inclusion. Employee Benefits We believe our employees are one of our most important assets, and we structure our total rewards and benefits package to attract and retain a talented
and engaged workforce. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ needs, providing comprehensive health, financial wellness and quality of life coverage. Our programs vary by location, but may include: Diversity and Inclusion Visa is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive environment that supports the development and advancement of all. We create a feeling of
connectedness in the workplace; support diversity of background; experience and thought; support pay equity and actively work to eliminate unconscious biases that can hold us all back. As a global company, we believe our workforce should reflect the diversity of our clients and partners to better understand how to tailor our products
and services to meet their demands and expectations. With that mission in mind, Visa’s approach to diversity and inclusion involves four key areas of focus: Diversity and Inclusion Strategy These goals help us harness the innovative potential of a diverse workforce and drive our business initiatives. 11 Table of Contents Workforce Demographics and Pay Equity Visa tracks, measures and evaluates our workforce representation and impact as part of our strategic business imperative to build a diverse and
inclusive organization. We are committed to reporting our workforce demographics annually. Equal Pay for Equal Work Men and women earn the same pay for the same work globally, and the same is true for racial and ethnic minorities and their white peers in the US. * Notes: • Data is based on company records as of September 30, 2019. • Leadership: Defined as VP and above. • Others: American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander and two or more races. Ethnicity data does
not include undeclared and blanks. • Equal pay analysis is based on FY19 total compensation, which includes base salary, VIP (Visa Incentive Plan) and LTIP
(Long-Term Incentive Program). 12 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Members of our Board oversee our business through discussions with our Chief Executive Officer; President; Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer;
General Counsel; Chief Risk Officer; President, Technology; and other officers and employees, and by reviewing materials provided to them and participating in regular meetings of the Board and its committees. The Board regularly monitors our corporate governance policies and profile to ensure we meet or exceed the requirements of applicable laws, regulations
and rules, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have instituted a variety of practices to foster and maintain responsible corporate governance, which are described in this section. To learn more about Visa’s
corporate governance and to view our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the charters of each of the Board’s committees, and our Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report, please visit the Investor
Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance.” You may request a printed copy of any of these documents free of charge by contacting our Corporate Secretary at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San
Francisco, CA 94119 or corporatesecretary@visa.com . Board Leadership Structure The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to periodically review and evaluate the Board’s leadership
structure based on the Company’s strategy, business, culture and operating environment. Over the course of the past year, the Board discussed the relative benefits of combining the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer roles versus retaining
the separate roles with an independent Chairperson in our current competitive and regulatory environment. After considering the perspectives of our independent directors, views of our stockholders, peer companies’ practices, and recent
governance trends, the Board unanimously elected Al Kelly, our Chief Executive Officer, as Chairman. The Board believes that Mr. Kelly’s inclusive leadership style and decades of payments expertise make him uniquely qualified to lead
discussions of the Board; foster an important unity of leadership between the Board and management; and promote alignment of the Company’s strategy with its operational execution. In addition, the independent directors reaffirmed the Board’s commitment to independent board leadership by unanimously electing John Lundgren as
Lead Independent Director. Mr. Lundgren has significant experience as a CEO, including in a combined role of CEO and Chair, so he is familiar with the combined board leadership structure and the importance of building strong relationships with
the various constituencies. In order to ensure independent leadership, the Board developed a robust set of responsibilities for the Lead Independent Director role, including: • calling, setting the agenda for, and chairing periodic executive sessions and meetings of the independent directors; • chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board or when it is deemed appropriate arising from the
Chairperson’s management role or non-independence; • providing feedback to the Chairperson and CEO on corporate and Board policies and strategies and acting as a liaison
between the Board and the CEO; • facilitating communication among directors and between the Board and management; • in concert with the Chairperson and CEO, advising on the agenda, schedule and materials for Board meetings and strategic
planning sessions based on input from directors; • coordinating with the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, leading the independent
directors’ involvement in CEO succession planning, selection of committee chairs and committee membership, and the board evaluation process; • coordinating with the Chair of the Compensation Committee, leading the independent directors’ evaluation of CEO
performance and compensation; 13 Table of Contents • communicating with major shareholders as necessary; and • carrying out such other duties as are requested by the independent directors, the Board or any of its committees from
time to time. The Board will continue to periodically review the Board’s leadership structure and its appropriateness given
the needs of the Board and the Company at such time. In addition to our Lead Independent Director, independent directors chair the Board’s
four standing committees: the Audit and Risk Committee, chaired by Lloyd A. Carney; the Compensation Committee, chaired by Suzanne Nora Johnson; the Finance Committee, chaired by Robert W. Matschullat; and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, chaired by John A.C. Swainson. In their capacities as independent committee chairs, Messrs. Carney, Matschullat, Swainson and Ms. Nora Johnson each have responsibilities that contribute to the Board’s oversight of management, as
well as facilitating communication among the Board and management. Board of Directors and Committee Evaluations Our Board recognizes that a robust and constructive Board and committee evaluation process is an essential component of board
effectiveness. As such, our Board and each of our committees conduct an annual evaluation facilitated by an independent third party, which includes a qualitative assessment by each director of the performance of the Board and the committee or
committees on which the director sits. The Board also conducts an annual peer review, which is designed to assess individual director performance. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in conjunction with the Lead Independent Director,
oversees the evaluation process. Feedback
Incorporated Over the past few years, the evaluation process has led to a broader scope of topics covered in the board meetings
and improvements in board process. Last year’s evaluation contributed to the Board: • combining the Chair and CEO roles and electing a Lead Independent Director with robust responsibilities • refreshing board committee memberships,
and • conducting additional robust strategy sessions This year’s evaluation identified areas for continued focus,
including: • strategy and broader
market trends • enhancements to board effectiveness • risk management, including the Board’s role in a crisis • Board composition in support of long-term strategy, and • management succession planning 14 Table of Contents Director Succession Planning and Board Refreshment In addition to executive and management succession, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly oversees and plans for director
succession and refreshment of the Board to ensure a mix of skills, experience, tenure, and diversity that promote and support the Company’s long-term strategy. In doing so, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into
consideration the overall needs, composition and size of the Board, as well as the criteria adopted by the Board regarding director candidate qualifications, which are described in the section entitled Corporate
Governance – Nomination of Directors . Individuals identified by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as qualified to become directors are then recommended to the Board for nomination or election. Independence of Directors The NYSE’s listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of our Board and every member of the Audit and Risk,
Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees must be “independent.” Our Certificate of Incorporation further requires that at least fifty-eight percent (58%) of our Board be independent. Under the NYSE’s
listing standards, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Certificate of Incorporation, no director will be considered to be independent unless our Board affirmatively determines that such director has no direct or indirect material
relationship with Visa or our management. Our Board reviews the independence of its members annually and has adopted guidelines to assist it in making its independence determinations. For details, see our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which can
be found on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance.” In October 2019,
with the assistance of legal counsel, our Board conducted its annual review of director independence and affirmatively determined that each of our then-serving non-employee directors (Lloyd A. Carney, Mary
B. Cranston, Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal, Suzanne Nora Johnson, John F. Lundgren, Robert W. Matschullat, Denise M. Morrison, John A. C. Swainson and Maynard G. Webb, Jr.) is “independent” as that term is defined in the
NYSE’s listing standards, our independence guidelines and our Certificate of Incorporation. In connection with his appointment to the Board in November 2019, our Board reviewed and affirmatively determined that Mr. Laguarta is independent
under the same standard. In making the determination that the directors listed above are independent, the Board considered relevant transactions,
relationships and arrangements, including those specified in the NYSE listing standards and our independence guidelines, and determined that these relationships were not material relationships that would impair the director’s independence. In
this regard, the Board considered that certain directors serve as directors of other companies with which the Company engages in ordinary-course-of-business transactions, and that, in accordance with our director independence guidelines, none of these relationships constitute material relationships that would impair the independence of these individuals. Discretionary contributions to certain charitable
organizations with which some of our directors are affiliated also were considered, and the Board determined that the amounts contributed to each of these charitable organizations in the past fiscal year were less than $120,000 and that these
contributions otherwise created no material relationships that would impair the independence of those individuals. In addition, each member of the
Audit and Risk Committee and the Compensation Committee meets the additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to such committee members under the applicable NYSE rules. 15 Table of Contents Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors The non-employee, independent members of our Board and all committees of the Board generally meet in executive
session without management present during their regularly scheduled in-person board and committee meetings, and on an as-needed basis during telephonic and special
meetings. John Lundgren, our Lead Independent Director, presides over executive sessions of the Board and the committee chairs, each of whom is independent, preside over executive sessions of the committees. Limitation on Other Board and Audit Committee Service In response to market trends, in 2019, the Board reduced the number of outside boards on which directors may serve. The Board also applied limits to
executive officers of publicly-traded companies, in addition to CEOs. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines establish the following limits on our directors serving on publicly-traded company boards and audit committees: Director Category Limit on publicly-traded board and committee service, including Visa All directors 4 boards Directors who are executives of a publicly-traded
company 2 boards Directors who
serve on our Audit and Risk Committee 3 audit committees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may grant exceptions to the limits on a case-by-case basis after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the request. The Guidelines provide that prior to accepting an invitation to serve on
the board or audit committee of another publicly-traded company, a director should advise the Chair of the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the invitation so that the Board, through the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has the opportunity to review the director’s ability to continue to fulfill his or her responsibilities as a member of the Company’s Board or Audit and Risk Committee. When reviewing such a request, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee may consider a number of factors, including the director’s other time commitments, record of attendance at board and committee meetings, potential conflicts of interest and other legal considerations, and the
impact of the proposed directorship or audit committee service on the director’s availability. Mr. Carney serves as chief executive
officer of ChaSerg Technology Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC). He is not considered an executive of a publicly-traded company for purposes of the Board’s policy limiting service on other public company boards
given that service as a chief executive officer of a SPAC does not have the same demands as being an executive officer of a typical publicly-traded company. ChaSerg Technology Acquisition Corp. recently announced a definitive merger agreement with
another company. Mr. Carney expects to step down from this role following the closing of the merger, which is subject to approval by stockholders and certain other conditions, and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020. Management Development and Succession Planning Our Board believes that one of its primary responsibilities is to oversee the development and retention of executive talent and to ensure that an
appropriate succession plan is in place for our Chief Executive Officer and other members of management. Each quarter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets with our Executive Vice President, Human Resources and other executives to
discuss management succession and development planning and to address potential vacancies in senior leadership. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also annually reviews with the Board succession planning for our Chief Executive
Officer. 16 Table of Contents The Board of Directors’ Role in Risk Oversight Our Board recognizes the importance of effective risk oversight in running a successful business and in fulfilling its fiduciary
responsibilities to Visa and its stockholders. While the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, General Counsel, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, President, Technology and other members of our senior leadership team are responsible
for the day-to-day management of risk, our Board is responsible for promoting an appropriate culture of risk management within the Company and for setting the right
“tone at the top,” overseeing our aggregate risk profile and monitoring how the Company addresses specific risks, such as strategic and competitive risks, financial risks, brand and reputation risks, cybersecurity and technology risks,
legal and compliance risks, regulatory risks and operational risks. Audit and Risk
Committee Oversees risks related to our enterprise risk
framework and programs, including: •  financial statements, financial reporting and internal controls •  legal and regulatory •  key operational
risks •  technology, including information security and cybersecurity •  data privacy,
including GDPR •  compliance and ethics program, including AML and sanctions; and •  business
continuity plan Compensation Committee Oversees risks related to employees and compensation, including: •  our compensation
policies and practices for all employees; and •  our incentive and equity- based compensation plans For additional information regarding the Compensation Committee’s review of compensation-related risk, please see the section entitled Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs . Finance Committee Oversees risks related to mergers and acquisitions and certain financial
matters, including: •  capital investments •  debt •  credit and
liquidity •  capital structure; and •  tax
strategy Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee Oversees risks related to our overall corporate
governance, including: •  board effectiveness •  board and
committee composition •  board size and structure •  director
independence •  board succession •  senior management
succession •  our corporate responsibility, sustainability and philanthropy; and •  political
participation and contributions In addition, each of the Committees meet in executive session with management to discuss our risk profile and risk
exposures. For example, the Audit and Risk Committee meets regularly with our Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Auditor and other members of senior management to discuss our major risk exposures and other
programs. 17 Table of Contents Stockholder Engagement on Corporate Governance, Corporate
Responsibility and Executive Compensation Matters Our Board and management team greatly value the opinions and feedback of our
stockholders, which is why we have proactive, ongoing engagement with our stockholders throughout the year focused on corporate governance, corporate responsibility and executive compensation, in addition to the ongoing dialogue among our
stockholders and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations team on Visa’s financial and strategic performance. Our Lead Independent Director and Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer met with several of our investors this year to discuss corporate governance, corporate responsibility and executive compensation matters. Prior to Annual Meeting •  We reach out to our top 50 investors to discuss corporate governance, corporate responsibility and executive compensation matters, and solicit feedback. •  Our Board is
provided with our stockholders’ feedback for consideration. •  Board and management discuss feedback and whether action should be taken. •  Disclosure
enhancements are considered. •  We review vote proposals and solicit support for Board recommendations on
management and stockholder proposals. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Our stockholders vote on election of directors, executive compensation, ratification of our auditors and other management and
stockholder proposals. Post Annual Meeting •  Our Board and management review the vote results from our annual meeting. •  Board and
management discuss vote results and whether action should be taken. •  We start preparing our agenda for our next proxy season outreach. Feedback was positive overall with many investors expressing appreciation for the increased transparency in our
disclosures on corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate responsibility matters. Topics covered during our discussions with investors included: • board leadership • board composition, including diversity and skills criteria • board risk oversight, including cybersecurity and privacy • our executive compensation program and philosophy • corporate responsibility and sustainability, including human capital management A summary of the feedback we received was discussed and considered by the Board, and enhancements have been made to our disclosures to improve
transparency in these areas. Stockholders and other interested parties who wish to communicate with us on these or other matters may contact our
Corporate Secretary electronically at corporatesecretary@visa.com or by mail at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. 18 Table of Contents Communicating with the Board of Directors Our Board has adopted a process by which stockholders or other interested persons may communicate with the Board or any of its members. Stockholders and
other interested parties may send communications in writing to any or all directors (including the Chair or the non-employee directors as a group) electronically to board@visa.com or by mail c/o our
Corporate Secretary, Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. Communications that meet the procedural and substantive requirements of the process approved by the Board will be delivered to the specified member of the Board, non-employee directors as a group or all members of the Board, as applicable, on a periodic basis, which generally will be in advance of or at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. Communications of a more
urgent nature will be referred to the General Counsel, who will determine whether it should be delivered more promptly. Additional information regarding the procedural and substantive requirements for communicating with our Board may be found on our
website at http://investor.visa.com , under “Corporate Governance – Contact the Board.” All communications involving
accounting, internal accounting controls, and auditing matters, possible violations of, or non-compliance with, applicable legal and regulatory requirements or the Codes, or retaliatory acts against anyone who
makes such a complaint or assists in the investigation of such a complaint, may be made via email to businessconduct@visa.com ; through our Confidential Compliance Hotline at (888) 289-9322 or our
Confidential Online Compliance Hotline at https://visa.alertline.com ; or by mail to Visa Inc., Business Conduct Office, P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. All such communications will be handled in accordance with our Whistleblower
Policy, a copy of which may be obtained by contacting our Corporate Secretary. Attendance at Board, Committee
and Annual Stockholder Meetings Our Board and its committees meet throughout the year on a set schedule, hold special meetings as
needed, and act by written consent from time to time. The Board met 13 times during fiscal year 2019. Each director attended at least 75% or more of the aggregate of: (i) the total number of meetings of the Board held during the period in
fiscal year 2019 for which he or she served as a director, and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served as a member during the period in fiscal year 2019. The total number of meetings
held by each committee is listed below, under the heading Committees of the Board of Directors . It is our policy that all members of the Board should endeavor to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All ten of our then directors
attended the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Mr. Laguarta joined the Board in November 2019 and, therefore, did not attend the 2019 Annual Meeting. Codes of Conduct and Ethics Our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,
which applies to all directors, officers, employees and contingent staff of the Company. This Code includes a supplemental Code of Ethics for Certain Executives and Financial Officers, which applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Controller, General Counsel and other senior financial officers, whom we refer to collectively as senior officers. These Codes require the senior officers to engage in honest and ethical conduct in performing their duties, provide
guidelines for the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, and provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct. Our senior officers are held accountable for their adherence to the
Codes. If we amend or grant any waiver from a provision of our Codes for officers or directors, we will publicly disclose such amendment or waiver in accordance with and if required by applicable law, including by posting such amendment or waiver on
our website at http://investor.visa.com or by filing a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Political Engagement and Disclosure Public sector decisions significantly affect our business and industry, as well as the communities in which we operate. For this reason, we participate
in the political process through regular and constructive engagement with government officials and policy-makers, by encouraging the civic involvement of our employees, and by 19 Table of Contents contributing to candidates and political organizations where permitted by applicable law. We are committed to conducting these activities in a transparent manner that reflects responsible
corporate citizenship and best serves the interests of our stockholders, employees, and other stakeholders. Additional information regarding our political activities and oversight may be found at https://usa.visa.com/about-visa/operating-responsibly.html . Visa has a Political Participation, Lobbying and Contributions Policy (the
“Policy”) that prohibits our directors, officers and employees from using Company resources to promote their personal political views, causes or candidates, and specifies that the Company will not directly or indirectly reimburse any
personal political contributions or expenses. Directors, officers and employees also may not lobby government officials on the Company’s behalf absent the pre-approval of the Company’s Global
Government Engagement department. As such, our lobbying and political spending seek to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders, and not the personal political preferences of our directors or executives. Under the Policy, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee must pre-approve the use of corporate funds
for political contributions, including contributions made to trade associations to support targeted political campaigns and contributions to organizations registered under Section 527 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code to support political
activities. The Policy further requires the Company to make reasonable efforts to obtain from U.S. trade associations whose annual membership dues exceed $25,000 the portion of such dues that are used for political contributions. This information
must then be included in the annual contributions report that is posted on our website. We endeavor to maintain a healthy and transparent
relationship with governments around the world by communicating our views and concerns to elected officials and policy-makers. As an industry leader, we encounter challenges and opportunities on a wide range of policy matters. These issues may
include regulations and policies on interchange fees, cybersecurity, data security, privacy, intellectual property, surcharging, payroll and prepaid cards, mobile payments, tax, international trade and market access, and financial inclusion, among
others. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews our political contributions and lobbying expenditures, which includes
information regarding memberships in, or payments to, tax-exempt organizations that write and endorse model legislation. Additional information on our political contributions and lobbying expenditures can be
found on our website, including our annual contributions report and links to our quarterly U.S. federal lobbying activities and expenditures reports. In 2019, the Center for Political Accountability assessed our disclosures for its annual CPA-Zicklin Index of
Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, and designated Visa a “trendsetter” (the highest designation in the CPA-Zicklin Index). Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability We believe that as a trusted brand in payments, Visa has a tremendous opportunity and responsibility to use our business to connect the world –
enabling inclusive and sustainable economic growth and strengthening economies while also helping improve lives and create a better world. We are committed to managing the risks and opportunities that arise from ESG issues. Integrated Approach As
detailed below, Visa takes an integrated approach to managing ESG performance and transparency, which consists of governance, engagement and reporting on our initiatives. • Materiality: we conduct formal ESG materiality assessments on a biennial basis to identify the topics most
relevant to Visa and our external stakeholders. We organize and calibrate our corporate responsibility and sustainability strategy around these topics. 20 Table of Contents • Governance: individual ESG topic areas are managed at a function level, with responsibility rolling up to
executive level oversight; our cross-function Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability Leadership Council serves as a central coordinating body; and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s charter includes formal
responsibility and oversight at the Board of Directors level for corporate responsibility and sustainability. • Engagement: we regularly engage with our stakeholders to inform our corporate responsibility and sustainability
priorities, including dialogue with employees, clients, shareholders, policymakers and third-party organizations. • Reporting: we are committed to operating with transparency, including through our annual Visa Corporate
Responsibility and Sustainability Report as well as additional ESG disclosures and submissions. Key Focus Areas of ESG
Strategy and Recent Progress Strategy focuses on priority issues in four areas. Each informed by materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement. ✓ Increased our financial empowerment focus on micro and small businesses (MSB) via programs and partnerships ✓ Promoted financial inclusion through core products and solutions ✓ Helped unbanked
individuals access electronic payments accounts – now reaching 396 million toward our 2015 goal of 500 million by 2020 ✓ Expanded our women’s
empowerment initiatives, including She’s Next , Visa Everywhere Initiative: Global Women’s Edition and Money is Changing ✓ Provided support
during times of humanitarian crisis ✓ Expanded the Visa Token
Service (VTS) to better protect consumers’ sensitive information from fraud ✓ Received the highest
rating in our sector from Gartner Consulting during our 2019 Cybersecurity program review ✓ Continued
implementation of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and prepared for other pending privacy regulations ✓ Expanded Visa University, our signature global learning platform ✓ Bolstered leadership
development programs for female employees, for African American/Black and Hispanic/Latinx employees, and continued Ready to Return, a program for professionals returning to the workforce after family-related leave ✓ Created a global Gender Inclusion Council, composed of 20 Visa leaders ✓ Evolved our benefits
programs to meet our employees’ needs, providing comprehensive health, financial wellness and quality-of-life coverage ✓ Reduced our direct
greenhouse gas emissions by 5 percent year-over-year from 2017 ✓ Progressed towards our
goal to source 100 percent renewable electricity for our offices and data centers by the end of 2019 ✓ Implemented Supplier Code
of Conduct and expanded Supplier Diversity program 21 Table of Contents Third Party Recognition of our Progress We continued to receive recognition of our ESG leadership by third-party organizations: • Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index – In 2019, placed on DJSI for third consecutive year • FTSE4Good Index – Continued to be named to this Index • MSCI – Maintained “A” rating • Sustainalytics – Outperformer, Software and Services sector • JUST Capita l – #38 on “America’s Most Just 100 Companies” and #1 of Consumer &
Diversified Finance companies in 2019 • 100 Best Corporate Citizens 2019 – Ranked #33 • World’s Most Ethical Companies – Named for the seventh consecutive time in 2019 • Best Compliance and Ethics Program – Winner of Corporate Secretary magazine’s “Best Compliance and
Ethics Program (Large cap company)” award in both 2017 and 2018 • Forbes’ Global 2000 Best Regarded Companies 2019 – Ranked #1 We encourage you to read more about how we are working to build a connected world and a better future for everyone, everywhere on our website and in our
2018 Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability Report. Our 2018 Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability Report is not part of or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. 22 Table of Contents COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The current standing committees of the Board are the Audit and Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Finance Committee, and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the standing committees operates pursuant to a written charter, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com under “Corporate
Governance – Committee Composition.” Audit and
Risk Committee Committee
members: Lloyd A. Carney*, Chair Mary B Cranston* Ramon Laguarta
(effective November 20,   2019) Denise M. Morrison* John A. C. Swainson* * Audit Committee Financial Expert Number of meetings in fiscal year
2019: 7 “In my new role as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, I worked closely with Mary Cranston to
ensure a smooth transition of chair responsibilities as we continue to oversee the Company’s key risks including technology, cybersecurity, legal and regulatory, data privacy and financial reporting.” – Lloyd A. Carney, Chair Key Activities in 2019 • Monitored the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our internal
control over financial reporting and the performance of our internal audit function and KPMG, our independent registered public accounting firm; • Discussed the qualifications and independence of KPMG and recommended their re-appointment for FY2019; • Selected, approved the compensation of, and oversaw the work of KPMG, including the scope of and plans for the audit for
FY2020; • Reviewed and discussed with management the disclosures required to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including the Company’s significant accounting policies, and areas subject to significant judgment and estimates; • Discussed with KPMG their critical audit matters; • Approved fees for KPMG for FY2019 and all audit, audit-related and non-audit fees
and services consistent with our pre-approval policy; • On a quarterly basis, reviewed audit results and findings prepared by internal audit; • Reviewed and recommended the Board approve amendments to our Audit and Risk Committee charter and Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics; • Monitored compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
Company’s compliance and ethics program; • Reviewed and discussed with management the Company’s financial risks, top risks and other risk exposures and the steps
taken to monitor and control those exposures, including our enterprise risk framework and programs; • Monitored the Company’s technology risks, including business continuity, privacy and data protection, and
cybersecurity; • Reviewed and approved the FY2019 Global Business Continuity Program plan, Risk Appetite Framework, the FY2019 internal audit
plan and the Internal Audit Charter; • Reviewed and approved our Related Person Transactions Policy; and • Reviewed and approved the Company’s Whistleblower Policy, procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of
complaints we receive including regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 23 Table of Contents Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions The Audit and Risk Committee has adopted a written Statement of Policy with respect to Related Person Transactions (the “Statement
of Policy”), governing any transaction, arrangement or relationship between the Company and any related person where the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and any related person had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. Under the Statement of Policy, the Audit and Risk Committee reviews related person transactions and may approve or ratify them only if it is determined that they are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders. When reviewing a related person transaction, the Audit and Risk Committee may take into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances available to it, including: (i) the material terms and
conditions of the transaction or transactions; (ii) the related person’s relationship to Visa; (iii) the related person’s interest in the transaction, including their position or relationship with, or ownership of, any entity
that is a party to or has an interest in the transaction; (iv) the approximate dollar value of the transaction; (v) the availability from other sources of comparable products or services; and (vi) an assessment of whether the
transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to us from an unrelated third party. In the event we become aware of a related
person transaction that was not previously approved or ratified under the Statement of Policy, the Audit and Risk Committee will evaluate all options available, including ratification, revision or termination of the related person transaction. The
Statement of Policy is intended to augment and work in conjunction with our other policies that include code of conduct or conflict of interest provisions, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We engage in transactions, arrangements and relationships with many other entities, including financial institutions and professional organizations, in
the ordinary course of our business. Some of our directors, executive officers, greater than five percent stockholders and their immediate family members, each a related person under the Statement of Policy, may be directors, officers, partners,
employees or stockholders of these entities. We carry out transactions with these entities on customary terms, and, in many instances, our directors and executive officers may not be aware of them. To our knowledge, since the beginning of fiscal
year 2019, no related person has had a material interest in any of our business transactions or relationships. 24 Table of Contents Report of the Audit and Risk Committee The Committee, composed of independent directors, is responsible for monitoring and overseeing Visa’s financial
reporting process on behalf of the Board. The functions of the Committee are described in greater detail in the Audit and Risk Committee Charter, adopted by the Board, which may be found on the Company’s website at http://investor.visa.com
under “Corporate Governance – Committee Composition.” Visa’s management has the primary responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal financial controls, for preparing the financial statements, and
for the public reporting process. KPMG LLP, Visa’s independent registered public accounting firm, is responsible for expressing opinions on the conformity of the Company’s audited financial statements with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In
this context, the Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. In addition, the Committee has discussed with KPMG the matters
required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Committee also has received the written disclosures and the letter from KPMG required by the applicable
requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and the Committee has discussed the independence of KPMG with that firm. The Committee also
has considered whether KPMG’s provision of non-audit services to the Company impairs the auditor’s independence, and concluded that KPMG is independent from the Committee and the Company’s
management. Based on the Committee’s review and discussions noted above, the Committee recommended to the
Board that the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, for filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors Lloyd A. Carney (Chair) Mary B. Cranston Denise M. Morrison John A. C. Swainson 25 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Committee
members: Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Suzanne Nora Johnson, Chair Robert W. Matschullat Denise M. Morrison Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Number of meetings in fiscal year 2019: 7 “The Committee remains committed to a philosophy of pay for performance and the alignment of
compensation with stockholders’ interests. We prioritize variable over fixed pay and employ multiple performance measures, compensation types, and measurement periods to support stockholder value creation while avoiding undue
risk.” – Suzanne Nora
Johnson, Chair Key Activities in 2019 • Reviewed the overall executive compensation philosophy for the Company; • Reviewed and approved corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s and other named
executive officers’ compensation, including annual performance objectives; • Evaluated the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and other named executive officers in light of the corporate goals
and objectives and, based on such evaluation, determined, approved and reported to the Board the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other named executive officers, including salary, bonus, equity and other benefits; • Reviewed and recommended to the independent members of the Board the form and amount of compensation of our directors; • Oversaw administration and regulatory compliance with regard to the Company’s incentive and equity-based compensation
plans; • Reviewed the operations of the Company’s executive compensation programs to determine whether they are properly
coordinated and achieving their intended purposes; • Reviewed an annual compensation-risk assessment report and considered whether the Company’s compensation policies and
practices contain incentives for executive officers and employees to take risks in performing their duties that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; • Reviewed the Company’s stock ownership guidelines for directors and named executive officers, as well as individual
compliance; • Reviewed and discussed with management the compensation disclosures required to be included in the Company’s annual
filings; • Oversaw the Company’s submissions to a stockholder vote on executive compensation matters, including the advisory vote
on executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”); • Reviewed the results of stockholder votes on executive compensation matters and discussed with management the appropriate
engagement with stockholders in response to the votes; • Reviewed the appropriateness of the Company’s peer group; • Reviewed the Company’s programs and practices related to executive workforce diversity and the administration of
executive compensation programs in a non-discriminatory manner; and • Received and reviewed updates on regulatory and compensation trends and compliance. 26 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members who served on the Compensation Committee (Suzanne Nora Johnson, Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal, Robert
W. Matschullat (since January 25, 2019), Denise M. Morrison (since October 1, 2019), John A. C. Swainson (until January 25, 2019), and Maynard G. Webb, Jr.) was or had ever been one of our officers or employees. In addition, during
the last fiscal year, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or the compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs The Compensation Committee annually considers potential risks when reviewing and approving our compensation programs. We have designed our compensation
programs, including our incentive compensation plans, with specific features to address potential risks while rewarding employees for achieving long-term financial and strategic objectives through prudent business judgment and appropriate
risk-taking. The following elements have been incorporated in our compensation programs for executive officers: A Balanced Mix of
Compensation Elements • The compensation mix for our
executive officers is composed of salary, annual cash incentives and long-term equity incentives, representing a mix that is not overly weighted toward short-term cash incentives. Multiple Performance Factors •  Our incentive
compensation plans use Company-wide metrics and individual performance goals, which encourage the achievement of objectives for the overall benefit of the Company. • Annual cash incentive awards depend
on multiple performance metrics including Net Income Growth and Net Revenue Growth, both as adjusted for unusual or non-recurring items, as well as individual goals related to specific strategic or operational
objectives. •  Long-term equity incentives depend on Earnings Per Share (as adjusted for unusual or non-recurring items) and relative Total Shareholder Return. Long-Term Incentives • Our long-term incentives are equity-based and generally have a three-year vesting schedule to complement our annual cash-based incentives. Capped Incentive
Awards • Annual incentive awards and performance share awards are capped at 200% of target for executive officers. Stock Ownership Guidelines • Our guidelines call for significant stock ownership, which aligns the interests of our executive officers with the long-term interests of our
stockholders. Clawback Policy • Our Clawback Policy authorizes the Board to recoup past incentive compensation in the event of a material restatement of the Company’s financial
results due to fraud, intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the executive officer. Additionally, the Compensation Committee annually considers an assessment of compensation-related risks for all of our
employees. Based on this assessment, the Compensation Committee concluded that our compensation programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Visa. In making this determination, the Compensation
Committee reviewed the key design elements of our compensation programs in 27 Table of Contents relation to industry “best practices” as presented by Frederic W. Cook & Co. (FW Cook), the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, as well as the
means of mitigating potential risks, such as through our internal controls and oversight by management and the Board. In addition, management completed an inventory of incentive programs below the executive level and reviewed the design of these
incentives both internally and with FW Cook to conclude that such programs do not encourage excessive risk-taking. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has: •   reviewed and discussed the section entitled Compensation
Discussion and Analysis with management; and •   based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section be included in this proxy statement. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Suzanne Nora Johnson (Chair) Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Robert W. Matschullat Denise M. Morrison Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Finance
Committee Committee
members: Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Robert W. Matschullat, Chair Denise Morrison (until October 1, 2019) Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Number of meetings in fiscal year 2019: 6 “The newly-formed Committee was active in its first year, reviewing several potential M&A
transactions and strategic investments, in addition to discussing Visa’s capital structure, financial condition, capital investments, treasury activities, and tax strategy.” – Robert W. Matschullat, Chair Key Activities in 2019 • Reviewed several potential M&A transactions and strategic investments, including recommending or approving the
acquisitions of Earthport, Payworks and Verifi that each closed in FY19, and the token services business of Rambus that closed in October; • Reviewed and recommended the company’s quarterly dividend and an $8.5 billion increase to the Class A share
buyback program; • Reviewed the company’s capital structure and financial condition, including target leverage ratio and credit ratings; • Discussed the company’s tax strategy following U.S. tax reform; • Reviewed insurance coverage and programs; • Discussed the company’s treasury activities and strategy; and • Reviewed potential capital investments in advance of FY20 budget approval. 28 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Committee
members: Mary B. Cranston Ramon Laguarta John F.
Lundgren Suzanne Nora Johnson John A. C. Swainson, Chair Number of meetings in fiscal year 2019: 4 “In 2019, we focused on
board leadership and our committee structure, resulting in a combined Chair/CEO role, robust Lead Independent Director duties and refreshed composition for our board committees.” – John A. C. Swainson,
Chair Key Activities in 2019 • Recommended the formation of a Finance Committee to have oversight of certain financial matters, capital allocation and
investments; dividends and stock repurchase programs; mergers and acquisitions; debt, credit facilities, financings and capital structure; and other tax and treasury matters, which the Board approved to be effective January 1, 2019; • Identified, selected and recommended a new director, Ramon Laguarta, to serve as a member of the Board, Audit and Risk
Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, effective November 20, 2019; • Recommended to the Board changes to the leadership of the Board’s committees, which resulted in rotating the Audit and
Risk Committee Chair; • Reviewed the criteria used to identify individuals qualified to become directors to ensure it aligns with our current
business needs and long-term strategy; • Regularly discussed board composition and reviewed director candidates in light of our director qualification criteria,
current business needs and long-term strategy; • Reviewed and recommended updates to the Company’s governance practices and policies, which were approved by the Board,
including • Bylaws, which were revised to move the description of the Lead Director’s responsibilities to the Corporate Governance
Guidelines; • Corporate Governance Guidelines, which were revised to (i) include robust Lead Director duties; (ii) disclose a
current practice that the Committee considers women and minority candidates in the pool from which the Committee considers director candidates; and (iii) reduce the number of publicly-traded boards our directors may serve on in addition to our
Board; and • Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, which was revised to disclose the Committee’s current practice
of considering women and minority candidates in the pool from which the Committee considers director candidates; and clarify that the Committee’s authority to obtain resources is not limited to search firms. • Reaffirmed the Board’s categorical director independence standards, and reviewed the qualifications and determined the
independence of the members of the Board and its committees; • Reviewed each director’s compliance with the requirements of the Corporate Governance Guidelines relating to service on
other boards or audit committees of publicly-traded companies; • Reviewed succession and development plans for management, including the succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer in
the event of an emergency or retirement; • Oversaw the annual evaluation of the Board, its committees and directors; • Oversaw our stockholder engagement program on corporate governance, corporate responsibility and executive compensation
matters; • Reviewed and approved the 2019 corporate political contribution plan, and oversaw the Company’s political contributions
and lobbying activities; and • Reviewed corporate responsibility and sustainability developments and oversaw the Company’s charitable giving. 29 Table of Contents Process for Nomination of Director Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews the composition of the Board, including the qualifications, expertise and
characteristics that are represented in the current Board as well as the criteria it considers needed to support Visa’s long-term strategy. After an in-depth review of the candidates, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee recommends candidates to the Board in accordance with its charter, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the criteria adopted by the Board regarding director candidate
qualifications. After careful review and consideration, the Board will nominate candidates for election, or re-election, at our annual meeting of stockholders. The Board may appoint a director to the Board
during the course of the year to serve until the next meeting of stockholders. Sources
for Candidate Pool In-Depth Review Full Board Review Board Nominates • Independent
 directors • Independent search firm • Our
 management • Stockholders u • Consider
 skills matrix • Consider diversity • Review
 independence and potential conflicts For New
Candidates: • Screen qualifications • Meet with our directors u Review selected candidates for election / appointment at recommendation by NCGC u Candidates for election to Board at Annual Meeting of Stockholders / appoints to Board during the year u Stockholder Recommended Candidates Stockholders may recommend a director candidate to be considered for nomination by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by providing the
information specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to our Corporate Secretary within the timeframe specified for stockholder nominations of directors in our Bylaws. For additional information regarding the process for proposing director
candidates to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for consideration, please see our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Stockholders who wish to nominate a person for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders must follow
the procedure described under the heading Other Information – Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2021 Annual Meeting on page 98 of this proxy statement. For additional
information regarding this process, please see our Bylaws. 30 Table of Contents Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee applies the same standards in considering director candidates submitted by
stockholders as it does in evaluating other candidates, including incumbent directors. The identification and selection of qualified directors is a complex and subjective process that requires consideration of many intangible factors, and will be
significantly influenced by the particular needs of the Board from time to time. As a result, there is no specific set of minimum qualifications, qualities or skills that are necessary for a nominee to possess, other than those that are necessary to
meet U.S. legal, regulatory and NYSE listing requirements and the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters of the Board’s committees. However, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and the Board have identified the ten skills and qualifications listed below as important criteria for membership on the Visa Board. Payments Technology Senior Leadership Public Company Boards Financial Global Markets Marketing | Brand Risk Government | Geo-political E-Commerce | Mobile In addition to the above qualities, the Board, through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, strives to be
a board which reflects the diversity of our key constituencies around the world (clients, customers, employees, business partners and stockholders). While the Board does not have a formal policy on diversity, in assembling our Board, our objective
is to have wide diversity in terms of business experiences, functional skills, gender, race, ethnicity, and cultural backgrounds. To support this objective, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers women and minority candidates in
the pool from which the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers director candidates. 31 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS We compensate non-employee directors for their service on the Board with a combination of cash and equity awards, the amounts of which are commensurate with their role and involvement, and consistent with peer company practices. In setting director compensation, we consider
the significant amount of time our directors expend in fulfilling their duties as well as the skill level required of members of our Board. We intend to compensate our non-employee directors in a way that is
competitive, attracts and retains a high caliber of directors, and aligns their interests with those of our stockholders. Mr. Kelly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, does not receive additional compensation for his service as a
director. The Compensation Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors, has the primary responsibility for reviewing and
considering any revisions to our director compensation program. The Compensation Committee undertook its annual review of the type and form of compensation paid to our non-employee directors in connection with
their service on the Board and its committees for fiscal year 2019. The Compensation Committee considered the results of an independent analysis completed by FW Cook. As part of this analysis, FW Cook reviewed non-employee director compensation trends and data from companies comprising the same compensation peer group used by the Compensation Committee in connection with its review of executive compensation.
Pursuant to this compensation review process, and after considering FW Cook’s advice on industry best practice regarding timing of equity grants, the Compensation Committee approved a change in the grant date of equity awards for non-employee directors from November 19 th to the date of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, effective as of January 29, 2019. The Compensation
Committee also reviewed peer group data and FW Cook’s advice on equity grant values and the desire to provide compensation that is weighted more to equity-based compensation rather than cash in order to further align the interests of the non-employee directors with those of our stockholders. After considering such advice, and to keep the non-employee director compensation consistent with the median of our peer
group, the Compensation Committee approved an increase in the grant date value of the annual equity grant for non-employee directors to $200,000 for grants made on or after October 1, 2018. In addition,
following the appointment of John F. Lundgren as Lead Independent Director as of April 16, 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed FW Cook’s advice, including peer group data and the substantive role of the Lead Independent Director, and
approved an annual retainer of $75,000 for the Lead Independent Director, effective as of July 1, 2019. Highlights of our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program AMONG THE HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR PROGRAM ARE: No Fees for
Board Meeting Attendance: No fees are paid for board meeting attendance. Emphasis on Equity: There is an emphasis on
equity in the overall compensation mix to further align interests with stockholders. Recognition of Special Roles: Special roles
(such as Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs) are fairly recognized for their additional time commitments. Formulaic Annual Equity Grants with Immediate
Vesting: Annual restricted stock units are granted under a fixed-value formula with immediate vesting to support independence. Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines: A robust
stock ownership guideline of five times the annual board membership cash retainer supports alignment with stockholders’ interests. Limited
Perquisites and No Related Tax Gross-Ups: Other benefits are limited (e.g., matching charitable contributions). 32 Table of Contents Annual Retainers Paid in Cash Each non-employee director receives an annual cash retainer for his or her service on the Board, as well as
additional cash retainers if he or she serves as the Lead Independent Director, on a committee or as the chair of a committee. The following table lists the cash retainer amounts in effect during fiscal year 2019. Type of Retainer Amount of Retainer Annual Board Membership $105,000 Independent Chair $185,000 Lead Independent Director $75,000 Audit and Risk Committee Membership $20,000 Compensation Committee Membership $10,000 Finance Committee Membership $10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Membership $10,000 Audit and Risk Committee Chair $25,000 (in addition to member retainer) Compensation Committee Chair $20,000 (in addition to member retainer) Finance Committee Chair $20,000 (in addition to member retainer) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair $20,000 (in addition to member retainer) U.S.-based directors may defer the payment of all or a portion of the cash retainer payments. All cash retainers are
paid in quarterly installments throughout the year unless a director elected to defer the payment. Directors are also reimbursed for customary expenses incurred while attending meetings of the Board and its committees. Equity Compensation Each non-employee director also receives an annual equity grant under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation
Plan, as amended and restated, which limits the total grant date value of equity grants that may be made to our non-employee directors to $500,000 in a single fiscal year. In fiscal year 2019, a grant with a
grant date value of $200,000 was awarded to each non-employee director on January 29, 2019, the date of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Following the date of a director’s election or appointment
to the Board on a date other than at an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the director receives a prorated initial grant based on the partial year of board service. Accordingly, Denise M. Morrison, who was appointed to the board on August 2,
2018, received an additional grant with a grant date value of $100,000 on November 19, 2018. Grants to all non-employee directors were made in the form of restricted stock units, which vest immediately
upon grant. Directors may elect to defer settlement of all or a portion of their equity grants. 33 Table of Contents Stock Ownership Guidelines The stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors specify that each director should own shares of
our common stock equal to five times the annual board membership cash retainer. Equity interests that count toward the satisfaction of these guidelines include shares owned outright by the director, shares jointly owned and restricted stock units
payable in shares. Directors have five years from the date they become a member of the Board to attain these ownership levels. Each non-employee director with at least five years of service on our Board
currently meets or exceeds the ownership guidelines. We also have an insider trading policy which, among other things, prohibits directors from hedging the economic risk of their stock ownership or pledging their shares. Charitable Matching Gift Program Our non-employee directors may participate in our Board Charitable Matching Gift Program. Under this program,
Visa will match contributions to eligible non-profit organizations, up to a maximum of $15,000 per director per calendar year. Our non-employee directors may also
participate in our Political Action Committee (“PAC”) Charitable Matching Program. Under this program, when non-employee directors make a contribution to the Visa PAC, Visa will match their
contribution to a qualifying charity or charities the non-employee director selects, up to a maximum of $5,000 per director per calendar year. Director Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 The following tables provide information on the total compensation earned by each of our non-employee directors
who served during fiscal year 2019. Mr. Laguarta was appointed to the Board effective November 20, 2019. As a result, he did not receive director compensation during fiscal year 2019. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Lloyd A. Carney 131,250 199,935 5,000 336,185 Mary B. Cranston 148,750 199,935 20,000 368,685 Francisco Javier
Fernández-Carbajal 125,000 199,935 15,000 339,935 John F. Lundgren 143,750 199,935 5,000 348,685 Robert W. Matschullat 263,750 199,935 5,000 468,685 Denise M. Morrison (4) 125,000 299,927 5,000 429,927 Suzanne Nora Johnson 145,000 199,935 20,000 364,935 John A. C. Swainson 150,000 199,935 10,000 359,935 Maynard G. Webb, Jr. 125,000 199,935 5,000 329,935 (1) Additional information describing these fees is included under the heading Fees Earned or Paid in Cash . (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to each director computed in accordance with
stock-based accounting rules (Financial Standards Accounting Board (“FASB”) ASC Topic 718). Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 16 – Share-based Compensation to our fiscal year 2019
consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019. (3) Amounts include the matching contributions we made on behalf of our directors for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to our
Board Charitable Matching Gift Program in the amount of: $15,000 for each of Ms. Cranston, Mr. Fernández-Carbajal and Ms. Nora Johnson; and $5,000 for Mr. Swainson. The amounts also include the $5,000 matching contributions we made on behalf
of each of the following directors for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to our PAC Charitable Matching Program: Mr. Carney, Ms. Cranston, Mr. Lundgren, Mr. Matschullat, Ms. Morrison, Ms. Nora Johnson, Mr. Swainson and Mr. Webb. (4) Ms. Morrison received an additional prorated stock award for her initial partial year of service as a director for
the period from her appointment to the Board on August 2, 2018 through January 29, 2019. 34 Table of Contents Fees Earned or Paid in Cash The following table sets forth additional information with respect to the amounts reported in the “Fees Earned or Paid in Cash” column in the
Director Compensation Table above for fiscal year 2019. Name Board Retainer ($) Independent Chair/Lead Independent Director Retainer ($) Audit and Risk Committee Chair/ Member Retainer ($) Compensation Committee Chair/ Member Retainer ($) Finance Committee Chair/ Member Retainer ($) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair/ Member Retainer ($) Lloyd A. Carney 105,000 - 26,250 - - - Mary B. Cranston 105,000 - 38,750 - - 5,000 Francisco Javier
Fernández-Carbajal 105,000 - - 10,000 5,000 5,000 John F. Lundgren 105,000 18,750 15,000 - - 5,000 Robert W. Matschullat 105,000 138,750 - 5,000 15,000 - Denise M. Morrison 105,000 - 15,000 - 5,000 - Suzanne Nora Johnson 105,000 - - 30,000 - 10,000 John A. C. Swainson 105,000 - 10,000 5,000 - 30,000 Maynard G. Webb, Jr. 105,000 - - 10,000 5,000 5,000 Note: Certain directors rotated Committee assignments during the fiscal year. Fees have been prorated to reflect the portion
of the fiscal year that the directors served on the Committee. Fiscal Year 2020 Director
Compensation After consultation with FW Cook, and pursuant to the compensation review process described above, the Compensation
Committee made certain changes to the non-employee director compensation program, which will be effective for fiscal year 2020. The Compensation Committee reviewed peer group data and considered FW Cook’s
advice that the changes are consistent with our peer group. Specifically, the annual equity grant value to be awarded in fiscal year 2020 to our non-employee directors was increased to $215,000; the annual
cash retainer for our non-employee directors was increased to $110,000; and the additional cash retainers for membership of each of our Compensation Committee, Finance Committee, and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee was increased to $15,000. 35 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board currently consists of eleven directors, each of whom is nominated for election at our Annual Meeting,
including ten independent directors and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Each director is elected to serve a one-year term, with all directors subject to annual election. At the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has nominated the following eleven persons to serve as directors
for the term beginning at the Annual Meeting on January 28, 2020: Lloyd A. Carney, Mary B. Cranston, Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal, Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., Ramon Laguarta, John F. Lundgren, Robert W. Matschullat, Denise M. Morrison,
Suzanne Nora Johnson, John A. C. Swainson and Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Mr. Laguarta was recommended by a global search firm. He was nominated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee after an extensive and careful search was conducted
by this search firm, and numerous candidates were considered. The primary functions served by the search firm included identifying potential candidates who meet the key attributes, experience and skills described under “Criteria for Nomination
to the Board of Directors and Diversity” above, as well as compiling information regarding each candidate’s attributes, experience, skills and independence and conveying the information to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Unless proxy cards are otherwise marked, the persons named as proxies will vote all executed proxies FOR the election of each nominee named
in this section. Proxies submitted to Visa cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting for nominees other than those nominees named in this proxy statement. However, if any director nominee is unable or unwilling to serve at the time of the Annual
Meeting, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee designated by the Board. Alternatively, the Board may reduce the size of the Board. Each nominee has consented to serve as a director if elected, and the Board does not believe
that any nominee will be 36 Table of Contents unwilling or unable to serve if elected as a director. Each director will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been duly elected and
qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” EACH OF THE NOMINEES TO
SERVE AS DIRECTORS. Summary of Director Qualifications and Experience Payments ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Technology ● ● ● ● ● ● Senior Leadership ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Public Company
Boards ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Financial ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Global Markets ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Marketing | Brand ● ● ● ● ● Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Government | Geo-political ● ● ● ● ● E-Commerce | Mobile ● ● ● Ethnic | Gender
| National Diversity ● ● ● ● ● ● Years on Board 4 12 12 6 <1 2 12 1 12 12 6 37 Table of Contents DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES The following is additional information about each of the director nominees as of the date of this proxy statement, including their professional
background, director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years, and the specific qualifications, experience, attributes or skills that caused the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Board to determine that
the nominee should serve as one of our directors. Lloyd A. Carney Age: 57 Independent Director Since: June 2015 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Nuance Communications, Inc.; ChaSerg Technology Acquisition Corp; Vertex Pharmaceuticals; Visa Inc. (prior) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., Cypress Semiconductor Corporation; Micromuse, Inc. (Chairman) Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer and director,
ChaSerg Technology Acquisition Corp, a Special Purpose Acquisition Corp since September 2018 •  Chief
Executive Officer, Carney Global Ventures, LLC, an early round investor, since March 2007 •  Chief Executive
Officer and director of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a global supplier of networking hardware and software from January 2013 to November 2017 •  Chief Executive Officer and director of Xsigo Systems, an information technology and hardware company, from
2008 to 2012 •  Chief Executive Officer and chairman of the board of Micromuse, Inc., a networking
management software company, acquired by IBM, from 2003 to 2006 •  B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering
Technology and an Honorary PhD from the Wentworth Institute of Technology, and a M.S. degree in Applied Business Management from Lesley College Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Held
senior leadership roles at Juniper Networks, Inc., a networking equipment provider, Nortel Networks Inc., a former telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer, and Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking products manufacturer •  As former Chief Executive Officer for Brocade and prior to that for multiple technology companies, he has
extensive experience with information technology, strategic planning, finance and risk management •  As a
director of a number of public and private companies, he has experience with corporate governance, financial reporting and controls, risk management and business strategy and operations Mary B. Cranston Age: 71 Independent Director Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee;
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) The Chemours Company; MyoKardia, Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) Exponent, Inc.; GrafTech International, Inc.; International Rectifier Corporation; Juniper Networks, Inc. Career Highlights: •  Retired Senior Partner of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, an international law firm •  Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Pillsbury from January 1999 to April 2006; continued to serve as Chair
of the firm until December 2006; Firm Senior Partner until January 2012 •  A.B. degree in Political Science
from Stanford University, a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School and a M.A. degree in Educational Psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Gained
a broad understanding of the business and regulation of the financial services industry as well as of the management of a global enterprise through tenure at the Pillsbury law firm •  Represented banks and financial institutions for over 30 years, and as Chief Executive Officer of the firm,
regularly met with senior executives from banking clients, covering concerns and issues relevant to the financial services industry •  Oversaw the opening of the firm’s offices in London, Singapore, Sydney and Hong Kong, and expanded the
Tokyo office •  Substantial expertise in complex antitrust, class action and securities law cases and was
recognized by the National Law Journal in 2002 as one of the “100 Most Influential Lawyers in America” •  Regularly reviewed corporate strategies and financial and operational risks as a director of other U.S.
publicly-traded companies •  Identified and managed legal risks for many Fortune 500 companies throughout
her legal career, which has helped inform her service on the Audit and Risk Committee •  Experience and
background provide her with significant insight into the legal and regulatory issues facing Visa and its clients, as well as into the challenges of operating a diverse, multinational enterprise 38 Table of Contents Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Age: 64 Independent Director
Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Finance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) ALFA S.A.B. de C.V.; CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V.; Fomento Economico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V.; Visa Inc. (prior) El Puerto de Liverpool, S.A.B. de C.V.; Fresnillo, plc; Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico, S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Gigante,
S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Lamosa, S.A.B. de C.V.; IXE Grupo Financiero S.A.B. de C.V. Career Highlights: •  Consultant for public and private investment transactions and wealth management advisor since January
2002 •  Chief Executive Officer of Servicios Administrativos Contry S.A. de C.V., a privately held company
that provides central administrative and investment management services, since June 2005 •  Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporate Development Division of Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A., a Mexico-based banking and financial services company that owns BBVA Bancomer, one of Mexico’s largest banks from July 2000 to January 2002; held other
senior executive positions at Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer since joining in September 1991, serving as President from October 1999 to July 2000, and as Chief Financial Officer from October 1995 to October 1999 •  Degree in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering from the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios
Superiores de Monterrey and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Substantial payment systems, financial services and leadership experience from his tenure with Grupo
Financiero BBVA Bancomer, for which he served in a variety of senior executive roles, including Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate Development Division, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning, Deputy President of Systems and
Operations, Chief Information Officer, Deputy President, President and Chief Financial Officer •  Background
and career in the payments and financial services industry in Mexico enable him to bring global perspectives to the board and to provide relevant insights regarding Visa’s strategies, operations and management. In addition, he chaired the BBVA
Bancomer’s Assets and Liabilities Committee, Credit Committee and Operational Risk Committee, which enhanced his understanding of risk management of large, complex organizations •  As the Chief Financial Officer of a large publicly-traded company, and through his board and committee
membership with several large companies in Mexico, he has accumulated extensive experience in corporate finance and accounting, financial reporting and internal controls, human resources and compensation, which contributes to his service on our
Compensation and Finance Committees Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Age: 61 Director Since: January 2014 Board Committees: None Public Company Directorships: (current) Visa Inc. (prior) MetLife Inc.; Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.;
Affinion Group, Inc. Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer, Visa Inc. since
December 2016 and Chairman since April 2019 •  Chief Executive Officer and President of Intersection, a
digital technology and media company, from March 2016 to October 2016 •  Management Advisor, TowerBrook
Capital Partners L.P. from April 2015 to February 2016 •  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
the 2014 NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Company, the entity created to raise funds for and host Super Bowl XLVIII, from April 2011 to August 2014 •  Held senior positions at the American Express Company, a global financial services company, for 23 years,
including serving as President from July 2007 to April 2010, Group President, Consumer, Small Business and Merchant Services from June 2005 to July 2007, and Group President, U.S. Consumer and Small Business Services from June 2000 to June 2005 •  Former head of information systems at the White House from 1985 to 1987 •  Held various positions in information systems and financial planning at PepsiCo Inc. from 1981 to 1985 •  B.A. degree in Computer and Information Science and an M.B.A. degree from Iona College Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  As the
President of American Express, he was responsible for the company’s global consumer businesses, including consumer and small business cards, customer service, global banking, prepaid products, consumer travel and risk and information
management •  Significant tenure and experience as a senior executive of a global financial services and
payment card company provide him with a thorough understanding of our business and industry •  Has
experience in information technology and data management, both areas relevant to our business, from his service as the head of information systems of the White House and his roles at PepsiCo •  His previous service as a member of the Audit Committee of MetLife, and as Chair of the Audit Committees of
Affinion Group Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Affinion Group, Inc., enhanced his expertise in the areas of corporate finance, accounting, internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, risk management oversight and other
audit committee functions 39 Table of Contents Ramon Laguarta Age: 56 Independent Director Since: November 2019 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) PepsiCo, Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) none Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo, Inc.
since October 2018 and Chairman of the Board since February 2019 •  Held several other senior positions at
PepsiCo for over 20 years, including: President (2017-2018); Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (2015-2017); Chief Executive Officer, Europe (2015); President, Developing and Emerging Markets,
PepsiCo Europe (2012-2015); President, Eastern Europe, PepsiCo Europe (2008-2012); Commercial Vice President, Snacks and Beverages, PepsiCo Europe (2006-2008); General Manager, Iberia Snacks and Juices (2003-2006); General Manager, Spain Snacks
(2001-2003); General Manager, Greece and Cyprus (1999-2001); and Vice President, Business Development (1996-1999) •  M.B.A. in international business from ESADE Business School in Spain and a Masters in international
management from Thunderbird School of Global Management at Arizona State University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Strong leadership skills and extensive consumer packaged goods experience gained from the 20-plus years he spent in a variety of senior operational and executive roles at PepsiCo enables him to provide valuable market and consumer insights. •  His numerous international senior management positions, including living in Europe and leading PepsiCo’s
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa division, which has operations that span three continents and is composed of developed, developing and emerging markets, provides invaluable perspectives on the global marketplace and
sustainability. He speaks multiple languages including English, Spanish, French, German and Greek. •  His
deep experience and strong understanding of the key strategic challenges and opportunities of running a large global business make him well-positioned to oversee strategic planning, operations, marketing, brand development and
logistics. John F. Lundgren Age: 68 Independent Director Since: April 2017 Board Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Callaway Golf Company; Visa Inc. (prior) Stanley
Black & Decker, Inc.; Staples, Inc. Career
Highlights: •  Lead
Independent Director of our Board since April 2019 •  Chief Executive Officer of Stanley Black &
Decker, Inc. from March 2010 until his retirement in July 2016; also served as Chairman until December 2016 •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Stanley Works, a worldwide supplier of consumer products,
industrial tools and security solutions for professional, industrial and consumer use, from March 2004 until its merger with Black & Decker in March 2010 •  President of European Consumer Products of Georgia-Pacific Corporation from January 2000 to February 2004 •  President of European Consumer Products of James River Corporation from 1995 to 1997 and Fort James
Corporation from 1997 to 2000 until its acquisition by Georgia-Pacific •  B.A. degree from Dartmouth College
and an M.B.A. from Stanford University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Substantial executive leadership and brand experience having served over 12 years as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of Stanley Black & Decker and The Stanley Works •  Knowledge and experience with
consumer market in Europe having served as President, European Consumer Products of Georgia Pacific Corporation, Fort James Corporation and James River Corporation for over 14 years •  Currently serves as a member of the Audit Committee of Callaway Golf Company, providing him with experience
in the areas of corporate finance, accounting, internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, risk management oversight and other audit committee functions •  As a director of other public companies, he has experience with corporate governance, risk management, and
business strategy and operations 40 Table of Contents Robert W. Matschullat Age: 72 Independent Director
Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Finance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) The Clorox Company; Visa Inc. (prior) The Walt Disney Company;
McKesson Corporation; Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated; The Seagram Company Limited Career Highlights: •  Independent Chair of our Board from April 2013 to April 2019 •  Independent Lead Director (November 2012 to July 2015); interim Chairman and interim Chief Executive Officer
(March 2006 to October 2006); Presiding Director (January 2005 to March 2006), and Chairman of the board (January 2004 to January 2005) of the Clorox Company, a global consumer products company •  Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of The Seagram Company Limited, a global
company with entertainment and beverage operations, from 1995 until 2000 •  Head of worldwide investment
banking at Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a securities and investment firm, from 1991 to 1995 •  Served on the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company from 2002 to 2018, McKesson Corporation from 2002
to 2007, and Morgan Stanley from 1992 to 1995 •  B.A. degree in Sociology from Stanford University and an
M.B.A. degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Substantial executive leadership, financial services and risk management experience, having served as the
head of worldwide investment banking and a director of Morgan Stanley, the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Seagram, and the Chairman and interim Chief Executive Officer of Clorox •  Was responsible for all finance, strategic planning, corporate communications, government, tax, accounting
and internal auditing, mergers and acquisitions and risk management functions at Seagram •  Served as the
chair of the Audit Committee of Disney and Clorox, and as chair of the Finance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of McKesson. These roles enhanced his expertise in the areas of corporate finance, accounting, internal controls and
procedures for financial reporting, risk management oversight and other audit committee functions •  Has
experience managing complex, multinational operations from his tenure at Morgan Stanley, which operates in over 42 countries around the world, as well as Seagram and Clorox, whose products are sold in over 100 countries Denise M. Morrison Age: 65 Independent Director Since: August 2018 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee; Compensation Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) MetLife, Inc.; Quest Diagnostics; Visa Inc. (prior) Campbell Soup Company Career Highlights: •  Founder of Denise Morrison & Associates, LLC, a consulting firm, since October 2018 •  President and Chief Executive Officer (August 2011 to May 2018), and a Board member (October 2010 to May
2018); Executive Vice President and COO (October 2010 to July 2011); Senior Vice President, President of North America Soup, Sauces and Beverages (October 2007 to September 2010); President, Campbell USA (June 2005 to September 2007); and President,
Global Sales and Chief Customer Officer (April 2003 and May 2005) of Campbell Soup Company, a food and beverage company •  Held senior positions at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food and beverage company, including Executive Vice President
and General Manager, Snacks Division from 2001 to 2003; Executive Vice President and General Manager, Confections Division in 2001; Senior Vice President and General Manager, Nabisco Down the Street Division in 2000; Senior Vice President, Nabisco
Sales and Integrated Logistics from 1998 to 2000; Vice President, Nabisco Foods Sales and Integrated Logistics from 1997 to 1998 and Area Vice President, West, Nabisco Sales and Integrated Logistics from 1995 to 1997 •  Held various senior marketing and sales positions at Nestle SA from 1984 to 1995 •  Held Business Development manager position at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1982 to 1984 •  Held various manager and sales positions at The Procter & Gamble Company from 1975 to 1982 •  B.S. degrees in Economics and Psychology from Boston College Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Distinguished record of building strong businesses and growing iconic brands, having served over 15 years as
Chief Executive Officer and other senior management roles at Campbell Soup Company, whose products are sold in over 120 countries around the world •  Her extensive executive leadership experience provides her with a strong understanding of the key strategic
challenges and opportunities of running a large, complex business, including financial management, operations, risk management, talent management and succession planning, which contributes to her service on our Audit and Risk and Compensation
Committees •  Her prior experience in sales, marketing, operations and business development in leading
consumer product companies add to her deep understanding of the consumer and retail market •  Her board and
committee service with public and private companies provide her with a strong understanding of the effective functioning of corporate governance structures 41 Table of Contents Suzanne Nora Johnson Age: 62 Independent Director
Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) American International Group, Inc.; Intuit Inc.; Pfizer Inc.; Visa Inc. Career Highlights: •  Vice Chairman of the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a bank holding company and a global investment banking,
securities and investment management firm, from November 2004 until her retirement in January 2007 •  Served
in various leadership roles at Goldman Sachs, including Chair of the Global Markets Institute, head of the Global Investment Research Division and head of the Global Healthcare Business; founded the firm’s Latin American business •  B.A. degree in Economics, Philosophy/Religion and Political Science from the University of Southern
California and a J.D. degree from Harvard Law School Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Extensive financial services, international and executive leadership experience from her 21-year tenure at Goldman Sachs. As Vice Chairman of the firm, as well as in her prior roles as Chair of the Global Markets Institute, head of the Global Investment Research Division and head of the firm’s
Global Healthcare Business, she gained expertise in strategic and financial planning, risk oversight and multinational operations, which enables her to provide sound guidance and insight regarding Visa’s strategies and management •  Significant financial experience from her work in investment banking and investment research, including a
thorough understanding of financial statements, corporate finance, accounting and capital markets •  Clerked
for the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and practiced transactional and banking law at a pre-eminent national law firm, a background that provides her with insight into the laws and
regulations that impact Visa •  Her board and committee service for American International Group, Intuit and
Pfizer similarly contribute to her strong understanding of corporate governance and the best practices of effective publicly-traded company boards John A. C. Swainson Age: 65 Independent Director
Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Schneider National, Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) Assurant Inc.;
Broadcom Corporation, CA, Inc.; Cadence Design Systems Inc. Career
Highlights: •  Executive
Partner, Siris Capital Group, a private equity firm, since November 2017 •  President of the Software Group
of Dell Inc., a global computer manufacturer and information technology solutions provider, from February 2012 to November 2016 •  Senior Advisor to Silver Lake Partners, a global private investment firm, from June 2010 to February 2012 •  Chief Executive Officer of CA, Inc. (now CA Technologies), an information technology management software
company, from February 2005 to December 2009 and was President and a director of CA, Inc. from November 2004 to December 2009 •  Vice President of Worldwide Sales for the Software Group of International Business Machines Corporation
(IBM), a globally integrated technology company, from July 2004 to November 2004 •  General Manager of the
Application Integration Middleware division of IBM from 1997 to 2004 •  Bachelor of Applied Science degree
in Engineering from the University of British Columbia Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Significant experience in the information technology industry, as well as in executive management,
international operations, strategy, sales and marketing, from his tenure at Dell, CA Inc., and IBM •  Responsible for leading Dell’s worldwide software businesses as the President of the Software Group,
including software delivered as part of Dell’s hardware and services operations. •  Oversaw the
strategic direction and day-to-day operations as the Chief Executive Officer and director of CA, Inc., which is a multinational enterprise software business serving
clients around the globe •  Spent 26 years as a senior executive at IBM, including as Vice President of
Worldwide Software Sales, where he oversaw sales for all IBM software products globally •  Served as the
General Manager of the Application Integration and Middleware Division, IBM’s largest software division, where he and his team developed, marketed and launched highly successful middleware products •  Member of IBM’s Worldwide Management Council, strategy team and senior leadership team •  Extensive executive experience from his roles at Dell, CA Inc., and IBM enables him to provide valuable
insight into Visa’s product and growth strategies and other key aspects of the Company’s day-to-day business and management •  Prior board and committee service for Cadence Design Systems Inc., Assurant Inc. and Broadcom Corporation
broadened his exposure to new technologies, and provided him with expertise in the corporate governance of U.S. publicly-traded companies, which is relevant to his service on our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 42 Table of Contents Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Age: 64 Independent Director Since: January 2014 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Finance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Salesforce.com. Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) Extensity, Inc.;
Gartner, Inc.; Hyperion Solutions Corporation; LiveOps, Inc.; Niku Corporation; Yahoo! Inc. Career Highlights: •  Founder of Webb Investment Network, an early stage investment firm, and a co-founder of Everwise Corporation, a provider of workplace mentoring solutions •  Chairman of the Board of LiveOps Inc., a cloud-based call center, from 2008 to 2013 and was its Chief
Executive Officer from December 2006 to July 2011 •  Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc., a global
commerce and payments provider, from June 2002 to August 2006, and President of eBay Technologies from August 1999 to June 2002 •  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Gateway, Inc., a computer manufacturer, from July 1998
to August 1999 •  Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking
products manufacturer, from February 1995 to July 1998 •  Bachelor of Applied Arts degree from Florida
Atlantic University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes and Skills: •  Significant experience in developing, managing and leading high-growth technology companies, both from his
roles as an investor and as a senior executive of LiveOps and eBay •  Substantial leadership and operational
experience, having served as the Chief Executive Officer of LiveOps, Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc., President of eBay Technologies, and as Chief Information Officer of Gateway and Bay Networks •  His experience and expertise in engineering and information technology, as well as his prior and current
service on the boards of several large, publicly-traded technology companies, enable him to contribute to the board’s understanding and oversight of Visa’s management, operations, systems and strategies 43 Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES Except where otherwise indicated, we believe that the stockholders named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The following tables are based on 1,711,838,234 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of November 29, 2019. Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets
forth information known to the Company as of December 1, 2019 with respect to beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock by: • each member of the Board; • our named executive officers for fiscal year 2019; and • all current executive officers and directors of Visa as a group. None of the directors, named executive officers, individually, or directors and current executive officers as a group, beneficially owned more than 1%
of the total number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding as of December 1, 2019. Name of Beneficial Owner Class A common stock Shares Issuable Pursuant to Options Exercisable within 60 days of December 1, 2019 Total Directors and Named Executive Officers: Rajat Taneja 218,003 618,776 836,779 Ryan McInerney 133,776 520,598 654,374 Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 146,514 375,918 522,432 (1) Vasant M. Prabhu 79,767 263,681 343,448 Kelly Mahon Tullier 53,271 166,254 219,525 Suzanne Nora Johnson 109,313 - 109,313 John A. C. Swainson 70,173 - 70,173 Robert W. Matschullat 58,849 - 58,849 (1) Francisco Javier
Fernández-Carbajal 26,353 - 26,353 Mary B. Cranston 18,428 - 18,428 (1) Lloyd A. Carney 3,452 - 3,452 John F. Lundgren 2,885 - 2,885 Denise M. Morrison 3,223 - 3,223 Maynard G. Webb, Jr. 1,481 - 1,481 (1) Ramon Laguarta 206 - 206 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (18 persons) 1,180,418 2,147,221 3,327,639 (1) Total does not include the following number of shares deferred by each of our directors, as to which no voting or
investment power currently exists: Matschullat (2,880), Cranston (10,581), Kelly (5,126) and Webb (9,100). 44 Table of Contents Principal Stockholders The following table shows those persons known to the Company to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of the Company’s Class A common stock
based on the information disclosed in the SEC filings identified below and the number of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding as of December 1, 2019. In furnishing the information below, the Company has relied on information
filed with the SEC by the beneficial owners. Name and Address
of Beneficial Owner Date of Schedule 13G/A Filing Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class (%) The Vanguard Group 100
Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 February 11, 2019 134,176,902 7.84 BlackRock Inc. 55 East 52 nd Street New York, NY 10055 February 6, 2019 121,832,516 7.12 FMR LLC 245
Summer Street Boston, MA 02210 February 13, 2019 91,031,323 5.32 (1) Beneficial Owner Sole Power to Vote Shared Power to Vote Sole Power to Dispose Shared Power to Dispose Vanguard 2,173,980 438,203 131,606,930 2,569,972 BlackRock 105,507,881 0 121,832,516 0 FMR 13,808,055 0 91,031,323 0 45 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Biographical data for each of our current executive officers is set forth below, excluding Mr. Kelly’s biography, which is included under the
heading Director Nominee Biographies above. Lynne Biggar Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer Age: 57 •  Joined Visa in February 2016 •  Leads all global efforts driving Visa’s global brand and surrounding marketing and
client/consumer engagement efforts, including brand positioning, sponsorship management and activation, media and channel strategies, data and insights development, and internal and external communications •  Former Executive Vice President – Consumer Marketing and Revenue for Time
Inc., one of the largest branded media companies, from November 2013 to January 2016, where she was responsible for driving consumer revenue for Time Inc. brands and products across all channels, consumer insights, data solutions and customer
service. •  Held many senior positions at American Express Company, a multinational
financial services corporation, from 1992 to 2013, most recently as Executive Vice President & General Manager – International Card Products and Experiences from January 2012 to November 2013, and Executive Vice
President & General Manager – US Membership Rewards and Strategic Card Services in 2011 •  Member of the Board of Directors of Voya Financial, Inc. •  Received her B.A. in international relations from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from
Columbia University Paul Fabara Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Age: 54 •  Joined Visa in September 2019 •  Responsible for maintaining the integrity and security of the Visa payment system, while also
serving as the principal liaison with regulatory agencies •  Ensures that Visa continues to
deliver industry-leading services to prevent, detect and mitigate the impact of fraud and security attacks on Visa’s clients and other payment system stakeholders •  Held many senior positions at American Express Company, a multinational financial services
corporation, from 2011 to 2019, most recently as President, Global Services Group from February 2018 to September 2019, where he was responsible for the company’s global servicing functions, including customer service, credit and fraud
operations, as well as enterprise-wide strategic initiatives; and Chief Risk Officer and President, Global Risk, Banking & Compliance, where he promoted strong capabilities and disciplined, integrated risk controls, from February 2016 to
February 2018 •  Held senior positions at Barclays, a multinational investment bank and
financial services company, including Managing Director, Global Head of Operations, Regulatory Implementation and Planning from February 2009 to January 2011, and Global Chief Operating Officer, Barclaycard from August 2006 to February 2009 •  Former Chief Operating Officer, Card Services at Alliance Data Systems, provider of loyalty
and marketing services, from June 2002 to August 2006 •  Started his career at Providian
Financial Corporation, where he served in many capacities including risk management, underwriting, marketing, sales and service and credit administration Ryan McInerney President Age: 44 •  Joined Visa in May 2013 •  Responsible for delivering value to Visa’s financial institutions, acquirers, merchants
and strategic partners in more than 200 countries and territories around the world •  Oversees Visa’s market leadership teams, client support services, innovation and
strategic partnerships, and global product solutions •  Served as Chief Executive Officer of
Consumer Banking for JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm, from June 2010 to May 2013, where he oversaw a business with more than 75,000 employees and revenues of approximately $14 billion; was responsible for a banking network
serving 20 million customers in 23 states •  Served as Chief Operating Officer for Home
Lending and as Chief Risk Officer for Chase’s consumer businesses, overseeing all credit risk management in credit card, home lending, auto finance, education finance, consumer banking and business banking; also served as Chase’s head of
Product and Marketing for Consumer Banking •  Former Principal at McKinsey &
Company in the firm’s retail banking and payments practices •  Received a finance
degree from the University of Notre Dame 46 Table of Contents Vasant M. Prabhu Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Age: 59 •  Joined Visa in February 2015 •  Responsible for the Company’s financial strategies, planning and reporting, in addition
to all finance operations and investor relations •  Served as Chief Financial Officer for
NBCUniversal, a multinational media conglomerate, from May 2014 to February 2015, where he oversaw the company’s financial planning and operations and played a key role in NBCUniversal’s strategic business initiatives. Also managed the
Operations and Technical Services division, which included NBCUniversal’s technical operations, physical plant, corporate services and information technology functions •  Served as Chief Financial Officer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., a
hotel company that is now part of Marriott International, from 2004 to May 2014 •  Former
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, E-Commerce for Safeway, Inc., the $35 billion supermarket retailer •  Gained experience in the media sector as President of the Information and Media Group, The
McGraw-Hill Companies, where he led a $1 billion division comprising Business Week, Broadcast television stations and Business Information Services •  Held senior positions at PepsiCo, including Senior Vice President of Finance & Chief
Financial Officer, Pepsi-Cola International •  Started his career at Booz, Allen &
Hamilton, the management consulting firm, where he rose to become a Partner serving Media and Consumer companies •  Member of the Board of Directors of Mattel, Inc. •  Received his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago and a B.S. in Engineering from the Indian
Institute of Technology William M. Sheedy Executive Vice President, The Strategy Group Age: 52 •  Joined Visa in 1993 •  Responsible for charting the Company’s strategic direction and driving growth; expanding
the Company’s relationships with governments and regulators globally; leading critical initiatives and transactions with clients and partners around the world, with a particular focus on Europe; and leads Visa’s initiatives focused on
global social impact, as well as all employee learning activities. •  Former CEO of Visa
Europe, and Group President, Americas, and oversaw Visa’s business in North America, Central America, South America and the Caribbean, across nearly 50 countries; was responsible for issuer, merchant, acquirer and third-party processor
relationships and led efforts to expand card issuance, merchant acceptance and usage of Visa-branded products and services across the Americas; also had responsibility for Visa’s core credit, debit, prepaid, commercial/small business, co-brand, CyberSource and merchant acceptance businesses •  Served as President of the company’s North America region •  Played a leadership role in managing Visa’s corporate restructuring that merged multiple
regional Visa groups into a single global company, culminating in Visa’s successful initial public offering in 2008 •  Managed Visa’s U.S. pricing and economics strategies •  Holds a B.S. from West Virginia University and an M.B.A. from the University of Notre
Dame Rajat Taneja President, Technology Age: 55 •  Joined Visa in November 2013 •  Responsible for the Company’s technology innovation and investment strategy, product
engineering, global IT and operations infrastructure •  Served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Technology Officer of Electronic Arts Inc., a video game company, from October 2011 to November 2013, where he was responsible for platform engineering, data center operations and IT supporting the company’s global customer base •  Worked at Microsoft Corporation, including most recently as the Corporate Vice President,
Commerce Division, in 2011 and the General Manager and Corporate Vice President, Online Services Division, from 2007 to 2011 •  Holds a B.E. in Electrical Engineering from Jadavpur University and an M.B.A. from Washington
State University Kelly Mahon Tullier Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Age: 53 •  Joined Visa in June 2014 •  Leads the global legal and compliance functions for Visa •  Served as Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at PepsiCo, Inc., a multinational
food, snack and beverage corporation, from August 2011 to June 2014, and managed the global legal teams supporting the business around the world, as well as centralized teams responsible for mergers and acquisitions, intellectual property,
regulatory, litigation and procurement legal matters; also served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for PepsiCo’s Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa division, based in Dubai •  Former Vice President and General Counsel for Frito-Lay, Inc., with responsibility for a wide range of legal, policy and compliance issues •  Former associate at Baker Botts LLP and also served as a law clerk for the Honorable Sidney
A. Fitzwater, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Texas •  Received her B.A. from
Louisiana State University and her J.D., magna cum laude, from Cornell Law School 47 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our executive compensation philosophy and programs, and compensation decisions made under those
programs for our named executive officers, or NEOs, for fiscal year 2019, who are listed below. Name Title Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vasant M. Prabhu Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Ryan McInerney President Rajat Taneja President, Technology Kelly Mahon Tullier Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Philosophy of our Compensation Program We maintain compensation plans that tie a substantial portion of our NEOs’ overall target annual compensation to the achievement of our corporate
performance goals as well as their individual performance. The Compensation Committee employs multiple performance measures and strives to award an appropriate mix of annual and long-term equity incentives to avoid overweighting short-term
objectives. Please see the heading How our Incentive Program is Tied to our Long-Term Strategy for additional information regarding how we include ESG factors in our compensation program. Principles of our Compensation
Program Pay for
Performance The key principle of our compensation philosophy is pay for performance. Alignment with Stockholders’ Interests We reward performance that meets or exceeds the performance goals that the
Compensation Committee establishes with the objective of increasing stockholder value. Variation Based on Performance We favor variable pay
opportunities that are based on performance over fixed pay. The total compensation received by our NEOs varies based on corporate and individual performance measured against annual and long-term goals. 48 Table of Contents 49 Table of Contents Components of Executive Compensation Compensation Component Type of Pay Key Characteristics Purpose Annual Cash Compensation Base Salary Fixed Annual adjustments based on individual performance, relative to market pay level and internal pay equity. Attracts, retains and rewards NEOs by providing a fixed source of income to reward experience, skills and competencies relative to market value of the job. Annual Incentive Awards Cash Incentive Awards Performance- Based Variable cash compensation component based on performance against pre-established individual and corporate performance goals. Focuses NEOs on our results by rewarding corporate and individual performance and achievement of strategic goals. Aligns NEOs’ interests with stockholders by promoting strong annual income and revenue growth results. Long-term Incentive Awards Equity Granted in the Form of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards/Units and Performance Shares Performance- Based Long-term equity awards (excluding performance shares) vest in increments over a three-year period. Performance shares have a three-year performance period and vest at the end of the three-year period. Aligns each NEO’s interests with long-term stockholder interests by linking a substantial portion of each NEO’s
compensation to long-term corporate performance and operational efficiency. Retains NEOs through multi-year vesting of equity grants and
performance periods, as applicable. Provides opportunities for wealth creation and stock ownership, which attract and motivate our NEOs
and promote retention. 50 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Highlights Visa delivered another year of strong financial results in fiscal year 2019. The following table summarizes our key financial results for fiscal years
2019 and 2018. Please see the section entitled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion
of our fiscal year 2019 financial results. In addition, Visa’s total shareholder return for fiscal year 2019 reflected a 15.3% increase. Fiscal Year 2019 Fiscal Year 2018 Change (%) (2) Net Revenue Growth, as reported 11% (2) 12% (2) n/a GAAP Net Income (in millions, except
percentage) $12,080 $10,301 17% Non-GAAP Net Income (1) (in millions, except percentage) $12,367 $10,729 15% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $    5.32 $    4.42 20% Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share (1) $    5.44 $    4.61 18% (1) Non-GAAP net income and Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2019 and 2018 reflect results as reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), adjusted to exclude the impact of certain significant items that
we do not believe were indicative of our operating performance, as they were either non-recurring or had no cash impact. For supplemental financial data and corresponding reconciliation to U.S. GAAP see Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 filed
with the SEC on November 14, 2019. Non-GAAP adjusted measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When making its
determination of the net revenue, net income, and earnings per share metrics, which were used as goals for the annual incentive plan and for performance share awards, the Compensation Committee further adjusted as reported results for the items
described under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Corporate Performance Measures and Results for Fiscal Year 2019 and Compensation Discussion and
Analysis – Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in Fiscal Year 2019. (2) Calculated based on unrounded numbers. How Fiscal Year 2019 Named Executive Officer Compensation Is Tied to Company Performance Our corporate performance was a key factor in our fiscal year 2019 NEO compensation program: Link to Company Performance • For fiscal year 2019, 94% of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s total direct compensation was
performance-based and 90% of the average of our other NEOs’ total direct compensation was performance-based. We compensated our NEOs predominantly based on corporate performance. Our Compensation Committee chose Net Income Growth, Net Revenue
Growth, Earnings Per Share and relative Total Shareholder Return as key metrics that drive stockholder value, which we use as the basis to compensate our NEOs. Utilize Annual and Long-Term Awards • Each NEO’s performance-based compensation includes an annual cash incentive award and long-term performance shares.
For the annual cash incentive, the target award is established at the beginning of the fiscal year and the actual award is adjusted based on performance against pre-established goals. Performance shares
provide the opportunity for shares to be earned at the end of a three-year performance period if pre-established financial goals are met. We also grant time-based stock options and restricted stock units,
which provide value based on the Company’s stock price performance. 51 Table of Contents Focus on Corporate Performance Metrics • The Net Income Growth and Net Revenue Growth metrics for our annual cash incentive awards were adjusted (in accordance
with terms approved at the beginning of fiscal year 2019) when determining the annual cash incentive awards as described under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Corporate Performance Measures
and Results for Fiscal Year 2019 . In this proxy statement, we refer to these metrics as Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted and Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted. Actual performance for each metric exceeded target for
fiscal year 2019. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee approved the corporate performance portion of the annual incentive award paying out at 122% of target. • The final number of shares earned pursuant to a performance share award is determined based on the average EPS result
over the three separate years applicable to the particular performance share award and the relative TSR for the three-year period. As described under the heading Compensation Discussion and
Analysis – Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in Fiscal Year 2019 , and in accordance with terms approved at the beginning of fiscal year 2019, the Compensation Committee adjusted the fiscal year 2019
EPS when determining applicable performance share results. In this proxy statement, we refer to this metric as EPS – PS adjusted. Our fiscal year 2019 EPS – PS adjusted was above target, resulting in a performance
factor of 127% for the relevant portion of the award. • The performance shares previously awarded on November 19, 2016 completed their three-year performance period
following the 2019 fiscal year-end. Performance shares earned pursuant to this award were based on EPS – PS adjusted for fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019 and three-year relative TSR (measured
against the S&P 500). As described under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Determination of Shares Earned for Performance Shares Previously Awarded on November 19,
2016, EPS-PS adjusted and TSR metrics were above target and the performance shares earned equated to 200% of the target share award. 52 Table of Contents Highlights of our Compensation Programs WHAT WE DO Pay for Performance: A significant
portion of each NEO’s target annual compensation is tied to corporate and individual performance. Annual Say-on-Pay Vote: We conduct an annual Say-on-Pay advisory vote. At both our 2019 and 2018 Annual Meetings of
Stockholders, approximately 96% of the votes cast on the Say-on-Pay proposal were in favor of the fiscal year compensation of our NEOs. Clawback Policy: Our Clawback Policy
allows the Board to recoup incentive compensation paid to our executive officers if the financial results on which the awards were based are materially restated due to fraud, intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the executive officer. Short-Term and Long-Term
Incentives/Measures: Our annual and long-term plans provide a balance of incentives and include different measures of performance. Capped Incentive Award: Payouts under our
annual incentive and long-term performance shares are capped at 200% of target. Independent Compensation Consultant: The
Compensation Committee engages an independent compensation consultant, who provides no other service to the Company. Stock Ownership Guidelines: To further
align the interests of management with our stockholders, we have significant stock ownership guidelines that require our executive officers to hold a multiple of their annual base salary in equity. Limited Perquisites and No Related Tax Gross-Ups: We provide limited perquisites and no tax gross-ups except on business-related relocation expenses and tax equalization for employees on expatriate
assignments, as provided in our relocation and tax equalization policies. Engagement with Stockholders: Our Board and management team greatly value the opinions and feedback of our stockholders, which is why
we have proactive, ongoing engagement with our stockholders throughout the year focused on executive compensation. WHAT WE DON’T DO Gross-ups for Excise Taxes: Our Executive Severance Plan does not contain a gross-up for excise taxes that may be imposed as a result of severance or other payments deemed made in connection with a change of
control. Similarly, we do not provide for tax gross-ups on our limited perquisites. Reprice Stock Options: Our equity
incentive plan prohibits the repricing of stock options and stock appreciation rights without prior stockholder approval. Fixed-Term Employment Agreements: Employment of our executive officers is “at will” and may be terminated by either the Company or the employee at any time. No Single-Trigger Severance Arrangements: Our Executive Severance Plan and equity award agreements generally require a qualifying termination of employment in addition to a change of control before any change of control payments or benefits are triggered. Hedging
and Pledging: Our insider trading policy prohibits all employees and directors from hedging their economic interest in the Visa shares they hold or pledging Visa shares as collateral for a loan. 53 Table of Contents How our Incentive Program is Tied to our Long-Term Strategy We have designed our strategic pillars, which are outlined below, to position the Company competitively and thereby deliver superior operational and
financial performance, which will in turn create value for our stockholders. 54 Table of Contents As illustrated below, we tie our executive compensation program to our long-term business strategy by
keeping our executive officers focused on, and rewarding them for, their achievement of goals and fulfillment of activities that support our strategic pillars. A number of these individual goals promote and incorporate environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) factors. In addition, achieving our strategic pillars helps drive the long-term corporate performance metrics used in our executive compensation program. Annual Incentive
Plan: Individual and Corporate Performance ● A
significant portion of our executive officers’ individual performance goals is tied to one or more of our strategic pillars (as explained further in this proxy statement under Individual Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2019) ● The executive officers’ individual performance goals may also include ESG factors such as: ● Diversity and inclusion ● Employee
 leadership and development ● Cybersecurity
 and data privacy ● Financial inclusion and access ● We
link a substantial portion of compensation to corporate performance through use of annual cash incentives determined by Net Income Growth and Net Revenue Growth Aligns executive officers’ interests with
stockholders’ interests by: ● rewarding individual performance for achievement of strategic goals (designed to position the Company competitively) ● promoting strong annual net income and revenue growth Long-Term Equity Grants: Individual
and Corporate Performance ● We consider individual performance (which is tied to the strategic pillars, including relevant ESG factors) in setting the value of our executive
officers’ long-term equity grant ● We link a substantial portion of compensation to long-term corporate performance through the use of long-term incentives, including
performance shares that use EPS and relative TSR as financial metrics Further aligns executive officers’ interests with long-term stockholders’
interests by: ● taking individual performance (which is tied to strategic pillars) into account in making grants ● linking a substantial portion of long-term compensation to long-term corporate performance and operational efficiency Say-on-Pay At the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, approximately 96% of the votes cast on the Company’s annual Say-on-Pay proposal supported our NEO compensation program. We believe these results represent strong investor support of our overall compensation philosophy and decisions for fiscal year 2018. Accordingly,
the Compensation Committee did not make any changes to the underlying structure of our executive compensation program for fiscal year 2019 directly as a result of the Say-on-Pay vote. Nevertheless, the Compensation Committee regularly reviews and adjusts the program to ensure it remains competitive and aligned with our
stockholders’ interests. 55 Table of Contents Setting Executive Compensation Compensation Committee and Management Our Compensation
Committee, which consists solely of independent directors, is responsible for establishing and reviewing the overall compensation philosophy and program for our NEOs. As discussed in detail under the heading Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs, when establishing the annual compensation program for our
NEOs, the Compensation Committee takes into consideration the potential risks associated with the program and structures it to provide appropriate incentives without encouraging excessive risk taking. Setting Performance Goals and Making Compensation Determinations ● Compensation Committee begins review of our compensation program, including determining if our compensation levels are competitive with our peer companies and if
any changes should be made to the program for the next fiscal year. ● Compensation Committee determines the principal components of compensation for the NEOs and the individual performance goals of the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and sets the performance goals for each corporate performance-based compensation component. ● Chairman and Chief Executive Officer sets individual performance goals for each of the other NEOs, which are reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The
individual performance goals are designed to drive our corporate goals and strategic pillars. ● Compensation Committee meets regularly throughout the year, with management and in executive session, and reviews the Company’s performance to date against
the corporate performance goals. ● Compensation Committee conducts a multi-part review of each NEO and the Company’s performance for the preceding fiscal year measured against the pre-established performance goals and makes annual compensation determinations. The Compensation Committee’s objective is to ensure that the level of compensation approved is consistent with the level of
corporate and individual performance delivered. ● Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer reviews the performance of each NEO (other than his own performance, which is reviewed by the Compensation Committee)
relative to the individual annual performance goals established for the fiscal year and presents his compensation recommendations to the Compensation Committee. ● Compensation Committee exercises discretion in modifying any compensation recommendations relating to NEOs that were made by our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and approves all compensation decisions for our NEOs. ● For his own performance review, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer prepares a self-assessment, which is discussed by the Compensation Committee and the
independent directors. When making compensation decisions for our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and other NEOs, the Compensation Committee considers the views of the independent directors. 56 Table of Contents Role of Independent Consultant Our Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and replace compensation consultants to provide it with independent advice. The Compensation
Committee has engaged FW Cook as its independent consultant to advise it on executive and non-employee director compensation matters. This selection was made without the input or influence of management. Under
the terms of its agreement with the Compensation Committee, FW Cook will not provide any other services to the Company, unless directed to do so by the Compensation Committee. During fiscal year 2019, FW Cook provided no services to the Company
other than to advise the Compensation Committee on executive and non-employee director compensation issues. In addition, at the start of fiscal year 2019, the Compensation Committee conducted a formal
evaluation of the independence of FW Cook and, based on this review, did not identify any conflict of interest raised by the work FW Cook performed in fiscal year 2019. When conducting this evaluation, the Compensation Committee took into
consideration the factors set forth in Exchange Act Rule 10C-1 and the NYSE’s listing standards. Compensation Peer
Group As part of its annual compensation review process, the Compensation Committee discussed with FW Cook an analysis of our fiscal year 2019
executive compensation program, including total compensation and the elements used to compensate our NEOs. It then compared their compensation to that of similarly situated named executive officers of other companies in our compensation peer group.
The review was based on public compensation data for our compensation peer group and data from third-party compensation surveys. To best inform
their pay decisions based on where the Company competes for talent, the Compensation Committee has established two categories for identifying peer companies: • Direct business competitors, plus any companies listed as peers by a majority of these companies that would be
considered “peers of peers.” • Related-industry competitors who are S&P 500 companies (a) classified as financial services or technology,
excluding hardware and manufacturing, (b) with a 12-month average market-cap value between 1/4 th and 4x
Visa’s average market-capitalization, and (c) with annual revenues of less than $150 billion. The Committee
removed as a separate category for identifying peer companies, strategic competitors who are S&P 500 companies recommended by management and approved by the Compensation Committee that have respected global brands, fit the above size criteria,
and are frequent competitors for executive talent. Taking into consideration the fact that no companies had been identified under this measure since it was established, the Committee determined that this category was not necessary. A list of 22 companies identified as peers for fiscal year 2019 is shown below. These remain unchanged from our fiscal year 2018 peer group: Direct Peers Related Industry Peers Financial Services Technology – American Express Company – Discover Financial Services – Mastercard Incorporated – PayPal Holdings, Inc. – Bank of America Corporation – BlackRock, Inc. – Capital One Financial Corporation – Citigroup Inc. – JPMorgan Chase & Co. – Morgan Stanley – The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation – The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. – The PNC Financial Services Group,
Inc. – U.S. Bancorp – Wells Fargo & Company – Accenture plc – Facebook, Inc. – Alphabet Inc. – IBM Corporation – Microsoft Corporation – Oracle Corporation – salesforce.com, inc. 57 Table of Contents Use of Market Data In order to attract and retain key executives, we target total compensation for our NEOs by reference to the range of compensation paid to similarly
situated executive officers of our compensation peer group. This includes salary, annual incentive targets and long-term incentive values. The actual level of our NEOs’ total direct compensation is determined based on both individual and
corporate performance and can vary based on such factors as expertise, performance or advancement potential. Internal Equity and Tally Sheets As part of its annual compensation review, the Compensation Committee compares our NEOs’ target annual compensation levels to ensure they are
internally equitable. The Compensation Committee also regularly reviews tally sheets for each NEO to ensure that it is considering a complete assessment of all compensation and benefits. The tally sheets include each NEO’s wealth accumulation,
which is composed of the aggregate amount of equity awards and other compensation values accumulated by each NEO, and potential payments upon termination or termination following a change of control. Summary of Fiscal Year 2019 Base Salary and Incentive Compensation In November 2019, the Compensation Committee determined our NEOs’ total direct compensation based on corporate and individual performance for
fiscal year 2019, which is composed of the following elements: The table below reflects the above components for each NEO for fiscal year 2019. As the long-term incentive awards
for fiscal year 2019 set forth in the following table were awarded after the end of the fiscal year, they are discussed under the heading Fiscal Year 2020 Compensation – Long-Term Incentive
Compensation . The equity awards discussed under the heading Fiscal Year 2019 Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Compensation refer to the equity awards made on November 19, 2018, during
fiscal year 2019. 58 Table of Contents The table below differs substantially from the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 later in this proxy statement in that the equity awards included in the table for fiscal year 2019 below were awarded on November 19, 2019 while the equity awards included in the Summary Compensation Table were granted on
November 19, 2018. This supplemental table is not intended as a substitute for the information in the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019, which is required by the SEC. Incentive Compensation Name Base Salary ($) (1) Annual Incentive Plan ($) (2) Value
of Performance Shares (target value) ($) (3) Value of Stock Options ($) (4) Value of Restricted Stock/ Units ($) (4) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 1,400,000 4,270,000 9,125,000 4,562,500 4,562,500 23,920,000 Vasant M. Prabhu 1,000,000 2,440,000 4,250,000 2,125,000 2,125,000 11,940,000 Ryan McInerney 900,000 2,196,000 5,250,000 2,625,000 2,625,000 13,596,000 Rajat Taneja 900,000 2,196,000 5,000,000 2,500,000 2,500,000 13,096,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier 675,000 1,111,725 2,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000 5,786,725 (1) Reflects the NEO’s rate of base salary as of September 30, 2019. (2) Reflects the payment pursuant to the annual incentive plan approved by the Compensation Committee in November 2019 and
paid on November 15, 2019. These amounts are included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 . (3) Reflects the dollar value of performance shares approved by the Compensation Committee in November 2019 and awarded on
November 19, 2019. Please see the heading Fiscal Year 2019 Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Compensation for additional information regarding these awards. (4) Reflects the dollar value of restricted stock units and stock option grants approved by the Compensation Committee in
November 2019 and granted on November 19, 2019. The grant date fair value of these awards will be included in the fiscal year 2020 Summary Compensation Table in the proxy statement for the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. Please see the
heading Fiscal Year 2020 Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Compensation for additional information regarding these awards. Fiscal Year 2019 Compensation Base Salary When setting our NEOs’ base pay, the
Compensation Committee generally targets the range of compensation paid to similarly situated executive officers of our compensation peer group. The Compensation Committee may set salaries above or below the median amount based on considerations
including the expertise, performance or advancement potential of each NEO, including relative to other NEOs. The base salary levels of our NEOs typically are considered annually as part of our performance review process, and upon an NEO’s
promotion or other change in job responsibilities. During its annual review of the base salaries of our NEOs for fiscal year 2019, the Compensation
Committee considered: • market data of our compensation peer group; • an internal review of each NEO’s compensation, both individually and relative to other NEOs; and • the individual performance of each NEO. Based on this review, the Compensation Committee decided that it was appropriate to increase the base salary of Mr. Kelly from $1,300,000 to
$1,400,000 for fiscal year 2019. The Compensation Committee made no changes to the base salaries of the other NEOs for fiscal year 2019. 59 Table of Contents Annual Incentive Plan Incentive Plan Target Percentage. During fiscal year 2019, each of our NEOs was eligible to earn an annual cash incentive award under the Visa Inc. Incentive Plan, or VIP, which we sometimes refer to as our annual incentive plan. Each NEO’s potential
award was expressed as a percentage of his or her base salary, including threshold, target and maximum percentages. After the end of the fiscal year, the Compensation Committee determined the amount of each NEO’s actual annual incentive award
based upon the achievement of a combination of pre-determined corporate and individual goals. The
above graphic reflects weightings for our NEOs, except our Chairman and CEO. For our Chairman and CEO, the weightings are: 80% for Corporate Performance and 20% for Individual Performance. These weightings balance the NEOs’ shared
responsibility to achieve corporate goals that increase the value of the Company with the desire to motivate them to achieve goals within each individual’s specific area of responsibility. These weightings also allow the Compensation Committee
to further differentiate compensation between the NEOs based on their individual performance. Corporate Goals and
Individual Goals. • In November 2018, the Compensation Committee established corporate threshold goals under the VIP for fiscal year 2019
based on Net Income Growth and Net Revenue Growth, each as adjusted. The threshold corporate performance goals for fiscal year 2019 were Net Income – VIP adjusted, of $6,228 million or Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted,
of 5.5%. • No annual incentive payment may be made for fiscal year 2019 under the VIP unless one or both of these goals are
achieved. • This approach further aligns our annual incentive plan program with stockholders’ interests by ensuring that no
incentive payment is made unless a certain level of corporate performance is achieved. Once either of the threshold corporate performance goals is met or exceeded, each NEO becomes eligible to receive up to his or her maximum potential annual
incentive award. When making final payout determinations, the Compensation Committee may exercise negative discretion to award less than the maximum potential award. • As the threshold corporate performance levels for both metrics were achieved, fiscal year 2019 annual incentive payments
were then based on a combination of corporate and individual performance as described below. Corporate Performance Measures and Results for
Fiscal Year 2019 The Compensation Committee approved the corporate performance weightings, targets and metrics for fiscal year 2019
displayed in the table below. The Compensation Committee also approved a range of payouts as a percentage of each NEO’s target annual bonus at various levels of performance. 60 Table of Contents Displayed below are the specific performance goals for each level of achievement, the payout ranges as
a percentage of target for each level of achievement, the actual fiscal year 2019 result and the approved payout as a percentage of target. Metric Weight Baseline Target Exceeding Target Significantly Exceeding Target Result Payout Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted 70% 5.5% 10%-13% 13%-16% 16%+ 13.2% 127% Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted 30% 5.5% 10%-12% 12%-14% 14%+ 11.4% 110% Payout as a % of Target 50%-90% 90%-125% 125%-160% 160%-200% 122% For purposes of determining the annual incentive plan payout percentage in fiscal year 2019, our Net Income
Growth – VIP adjusted was determined by excluding the aforementioned adjustments from our U.S. GAAP Net Income described in footnote 1 to the table under the heading Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Highlights , as well as other pre-established adjustments such as VIP expenses and net income related to acquisitions closed during fiscal 2019. Based on these pre-established adjustments as well as the
exclusion of gains for minority investments resulting from an accounting change in the 2019 fiscal year, for purposes of the annual incentive plan payout percentage in fiscal year 2019, our Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted was 13.2%,
which is within the Exceeding Target range and allows for a payout range of 125%-160% of target. The Compensation Committee approved a payout of 127% for this metric. In making this determination, the
Committee took into account that actual performance of 13.2% was within the goals established for the “Exceeding Target” range. Our
actual Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted for fiscal year 2019 was determined as year-over-year growth in gross operating revenues net of incentives, further adjusted to exclude pre-established adjustments such as the net revenue related to acquisitions closed during fiscal year 2019. The result, as shown above, was 11.4% Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted for fiscal year 2019, which is within the Target range and allows for
a payout of 90% – 125% of target. The Compensation Committee approved a payout of 110% for this metric. In making this determination, the Committee took into account that actual performance of 11.4% was within the goals established
for the “Target” range. All of the Compensation Committee’s adjustments were made in accordance with the terms of the annual
incentive plan determined at the beginning of fiscal year 2019, as described earlier under Setting Performance Goals and Making Compensation Determinations . Based on the weightings outlined in the above table, the payout result for corporate performance as a percentage of target for fiscal year 2019 was
122%. Individual Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2019 The fiscal year 2019 individual goals for each of our NEOs were set in October 2018 through January 2019. The Compensation Committee believes that our
NEOs’ performance goals should support and help achieve the Company’s strategic objectives and be tied to their areas of responsibility. Individual performance goals for the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer were established with the
oversight of the Compensation Committee. Individual performance goals for the other NEOs were proposed by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee. As described under How our Incentive
Program is Tied to our Long-Term Strategy earlier in this proxy statement, these goals were established by reference to our corporate strategic “pillars” which are designed to position the Company competitively and thereby deliver
superior performance, which should in turn create value for our stockholders. To ensure that our executive officers stay focused on these pillars, a significant portion of their individual performance goals were tied to one or more of the pillars.
Of note, our focus on Developing Best Talent includes goals for our executives to attract and retain top talent, including creating a unique and inclusive environment for our employees, and a commitment to attract, develop and retain diverse
employees, including women and underrepresented talent. In addition, our Expanding Access strategic pillar addresses financial inclusion and access goals that enable the Company to help provide a path out of poverty, create productive empowered
citizens, foster business opportunities and fuel economic growth around the world. 61 Table of Contents After the end of the fiscal year, the Compensation Committee, based on each NEO’s self-assessment
and Mr. Kelly’s input, reviewed each NEO’s progress against his or her previously identified individual performance goals. Based on this assessment, an NEO could receive an award from 0% to 200% of the individual portion of his or her
annual incentive award. When making its award determinations, the Compensation Committee did not assign a specific weighting to any of the individual goals, but instead reviewed each NEO’s progress against his or her individual goals in the
aggregate. The following is a summary description of the performance results for each of the NEOs for fiscal year 2019. Mr. Kelly Performance Results FY2019 Performance Results •  Performed strongly on financial commitments •  Successfully delivered on key partnerships and improved client engagement •  Continued
to build on strong global brand and strong control environment •  Ensured strong succession planning within executive level •  Championed
diversity and inclusion and drove high employee engagement Mr. Prabhu Performance Results FY2019 Performance Results •  Performed strongly against financial measures •  Successfully integrated Visa Europe’s finance platform •  Provided
leadership on successful acquisitions and improved management and control of expenditures •  Continued to enhance employee engagement, including improvement of tools and processes Mr. McInerney Performance Results FY2019 Performance Results •  Performed strongly against financial measures •  Successfully renewed key partnerships and executed on regional and country business
strategies •  Expanded access and drove growth in usage of Company’s products globally •  Deepened
partnerships through improved client engagement •  Demonstrated progress in attracting, developing and retaining diverse talent Mr. Taneja Performance Results FY2019 Performance Results •  Drove strong security and protection of Company assets through improved
technical capabilities •  Demonstrated strong operational excellence, including focus on high systems availability •  Delivered
strong support of product innovation priorities •  Enhanced employee engagement, including increased collaboration and improvement of tools and
processes Ms. Mahon Tullier Performance Results FY2019 Performance Results •  Provided strong leadership on regulatory developments, litigation and
investigation matters •  Delivered significantly enhanced data privacy support, governance, and data usage
practices •  Drove increased focus on intellectual property strategy to support strategic initiatives •  Continued
to drive key diversity and inclusion initiatives •  Successfully led strong corporate governance and shareholder engagement 62 Table of Contents Based on each NEO’s performance in managing their function and the progress they made towards
their individual goals as discussed above, the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, determined that each NEO made substantial progress and awarded the individual portion of each officer’s annual incentive at the percentage of target
displayed in the table below. Name Percentage of Target for individual portion Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 122% Vasant Prabhu 122% Ryan McInerney 122% Rajat Taneja 122% Kelly Mahon Tullier 122% Annual Incentive Plan Awards for Fiscal Year 2019 The payouts under our annual incentive plan are computed based on individual and corporate performance, as outlined above. The fiscal year 2019 annual
cash incentive award payments are included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 , and are set forth in the following
table. The table also provides a supplemental breakdown of the components that make up the NEOs’ actual fiscal year 2019 annual incentive
awards. The awards as a percentage of the target are displayed for each component. Annual Base Salary × Target Annual Incentive % × [ Corporate Performance × Corporate Weighting + Individual Performance × Individual Weighting ] = Final Award Target (1) Actual Annual Base Salary Target Annual Incentive % Target Annual Cash Incentive $ Corporate Individual Final Award $ Final Award as % of Target Performance % Factor Weighting Performance % Factor Weighting Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. $ 1,400,000 250% $3,500,000 122% x 80% + 122% ×  20% 4,270,000 122% Vasant Prabhu $ 1,000,000 200% $2,000,000 122% x 70% + 122% ×  30% 2,440,000 122% Ryan McInerney $ 900,000 200% $1,800,000 122% x 70% + 122% ×  30% 2,196,000 122% Rajat Taneja $ 900,000 200% $1,800,000 122% x 70% + 122% ×  30% 2,196,000 122% Kelly Mahon Tullier $ 675,000 135% $   911,250 122% x 70% + 122% ×  30% 1,111,725 122% (1) The “threshold” and “maximum” amounts are provided under the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in
Fiscal Year 2019 Table . Long-Term Incentive Compensation The Visa Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, which we refer to as the equity incentive plan, is intended to promote our long-term success and
increase stockholder value by attracting, motivating and retaining our non-employee directors, officers, and employees. Additionally, to better align our executive officers’ long-term interests with those
of our stockholders, the equity incentive plan does not allow the repricing of stock grants once they are awarded, without prior stockholder approval. The Compensation Committee administers the equity incentive plan with respect to our NEOs and determines, in its discretion and in accordance with the
terms of the equity incentive plan, the recipients who may be granted awards, the form and amount of awards, the terms and conditions of awards (including vesting and forfeiture conditions), the timing of awards, and the form and content of award
agreements. 63 Table of Contents Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in Fiscal Year 2019 In determining the types and amounts of equity awards to be granted to our NEOs in fiscal year 2019, the Compensation Committee considered factors
including the practices of companies in our compensation peer group, the actual compensation levels of similarly situated executive officers of companies in our compensation peer group, corporate and individual performance, recommendations from our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (for awards to the NEOs other than himself) and each NEO’s total compensation. The Compensation Committee also considered the incentives provided by different award types, including increasing stockholder
value, avoiding excessive risk taking and encouraging employee retention. Below is an illustration of our equity grants awarded in fiscal year 2019 by type for our NEOs, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Long-Term Incentive
Awards Type The following table displays the total combined value of equity awards approved by the Compensation Committee for our
NEOs in fiscal year 2019, and the award value broken down by component. Total Combined Value of Equity Awards ($) Components of Annual awards granted
on November 19, 2018 Value of Stock Options ($) Value of Restricted Stock Units ($) Value
of Performance Shares at Target ($) (1) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 17,250,000 4,312,500 4,312,500 8,625,000 Vasant M. Prabhu 6,500,000 1,625,000 1,625,000 3,250,000 Ryan McInerney 7,300,000 1,825,000 1,825,000 3,650,000 Rajat Taneja 6,850,000 1,712,500 1,712,500 3,425,000 Kelly Mahon
Tullier 3,800,000 950,000 950,000 1,900,000 (1) As the aggregate grant date fair values of the performance shares displayed in the Summary Compensation Table for
Fiscal Year 2019 and the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2019 Table later in this proxy statement are computed in accordance with stock-based accounting rules and will be displayed in multiple years, the values in those tables
differ from the value displayed in the table above. 64 Table of Contents Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units The dollar value of the equity awards in the table above were converted to a specific number of options or restricted stock units on the
November 19, 2018 grant date, based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on that date and the Black-Scholes value of stock options. The stock options and restricted stock units vest in three substantially equal annual
installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued employment through each such vesting date. Performance Shares The value displayed for performance shares in the table above reflects the target value of the award. The target number of performance
shares is determined at the beginning of a three-year performance period and the number of shares earned at the end of the three-year period will range from zero to 200% of the target number of shares depending on our corporate performance, as
measured by: • the annual EPS goal established for each fiscal year; and • an overall modifier based on Visa’s TSR ranked relative to S&P 500 companies, or TSR Rank, over the three-year
performance period. Impact of Stock Buybacks on EPS The amount of stock buy-backs are budgeted at the beginning of the year. If Visa repurchased stock significantly
above or below this level, the EPS result would be adjusted for the difference. The TSR Rank Modifier The TSR Rank modifier will reduce compensation to our NEOs for periods when our stockholders’ value increase is below the median of the companies
comprising the S&P 500 and will enhance our NEOs’ compensation for periods when our stockholders’ value increase exceeds the median of the companies comprising the S&P 500. The total number of shares that may be earned at the end
of the three-year period is capped at 200% of the target number of shares. 65 Table of Contents EPS Goals One-third of the target performance shares awarded on November 19, 2018 were tied to the fiscal year 2019
EPS goal that the Compensation Committee established within the first ninety days of fiscal year 2019. The remaining two-thirds of the target shares awarded are tied to the EPS goals for each of fiscal years
2020 and 2021, which will be set by the Compensation Committee within the first ninety days of the respective fiscal year. The actual EPS result will be used to determine the percentage of target shares credited from each of the three award
segments. At the end of fiscal year 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed our EPS – PS adjusted of $5.45 which was determined by excluding from U.S. GAAP EPS: the aforementioned adjustments from U.S. GAAP Net Income described in
footnote 1 to the table under the heading Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Highlights , as well as other adjustments including net income related to acquisitions closed during fiscal 2019. All of the Compensation Committee’s adjustments were
made in accordance with terms determined at the beginning of fiscal year 2019, as described earlier under Setting Performance Goals and Making Compensation Determinations . The Compensation Committee determined that the final EPS
result – PS adjusted of $5.45 exceeded the target goal of $5.35 for fiscal year 2019. Using the unrounded result to interpolate between target (100%) and maximum (200%) yielded a result of 127% for fiscal year 2019. At the completion of the entire three-year performance period in November 2021, the shares credited from the above EPS calculations for the three fiscal
years will be totaled and the overall number of shares will be modified based on Visa’s TSR Rank for the full three-year period. This TSR Rank modification may increase or decrease the final number of shares earned by a maximum of 25% (see
chart below); however, the final number of shares earned at the end of the three-year period, after the modification is applied, is capped at 200% of the initial target number. Threshold Performance Target Performance Maximum Performance Modifying Metric 75% 100% 125% 3 Year Visa TSR Rank vs. S&P 500 25 th Percentile or Below 50 th Percentile (1) 75 th Percentile or Above (1) Results between the 25 th percentile and the 50 th percentile and between the 50 th percentile and the 75 th percentile are interpolated between
75% and 100% or 100% and 125%, respectively. 66 Table of Contents The EPS goal for fiscal year 2019 and actual EPS results discussed above also apply to the third
portion of the performance shares previously awarded to our NEOs on November 19, 2016 and the second portion of the performance shares previously awarded to our NEOs on November 19, 2017 (see illustration below). Consistent with Financial Standards Accounting Board ASC Topic 718, the value of the performance share awards for
fiscal year 2019 included in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 later in this proxy statement represents the third segment of the award made on November 19, 2016, the second segment
of the award made on November 19, 2017 and the first segment of the award made on November 19, 2018. Determination of Shares Earned for Performance
Shares Previously Awarded on November 19, 2016 The performance shares previously awarded to NEOs on November 19, 2016 completed
their three-year performance period following fiscal year 2019. As a result, the Compensation Committee determined and certified the Company’s actual results over the three-year period in October and November 2019, which determined the final
number of shares earned pursuant to those awards. As illustrated below, based on the annual EPS results for fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, and our TSR Rank over the three-year period, the performance shares earned equated to 200% of the target
award established on November 19, 2016. Primary Metric Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Result ($) EPS Result as % of Target (1) Fiscal Year 2017 EPS 3.08 3.31 3.54 3.49 176.4% of Target Fiscal Year 2018 EPS 3.77 4.05 4.33 4.27 179.5% of Target Fiscal Year 2019 EPS 4.98 5.35 5.72 5.45 127.0% of Target Average Result 161.0% of Target (1) Percentage is based on unrounded values. 67 Table of Contents Modifying Metric Threshold (75% modifier) Target (100% modifier) Maximum (125% modifier) Result Modifier % 3 Year TSR Rank v. S&P 500 25 th percentile 50 th percentile 75 th percentile 91 st percentile 125% Primary Metric Result Times Modifying Metric Equals Final Payout Result as a % of Target (capped at 200%) 161.0% x 125% = 200% Based on this Final Payout Result of 200%, on November 30, 2019, Mr. Kelly, Mr. McInerney,
Mr. Prabhu, Mr. Taneja and Ms. Mahon Tullier earned shares equal to 200% of the target number of shares granted to each of them on November 19, 2016. As a result, Mr. Kelly earned 135,036 shares versus his target of 67,518
shares, Mr. McInerney earned 71,146 shares versus his target of 35,573 shares, Mr. Prabhu earned 68,672 shares versus his target of 34,336 shares, Mr. Taneja earned 76,714 shares versus his target of 38,357 shares and Ms. Mahon
Tullier earned 38,110 shares versus her target of 19,055 shares. This is further illustrated in the following graphic: 68 Table of Contents Retirement and Other Benefits Our benefits program is designed to be competitive and cost-effective. It is our objective to provide core benefits, including medical, retirement, life
insurance, paid time off and leaves of absence, to all employees and to allow for supplementary non-core benefits to accommodate regulatory, cultural and practical differences in the various geographies in
which we have operations. We sponsor a frozen tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan, which we refer to
as the retirement plan. We also sponsor a tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) plan, which we refer to as the 401k plan, to provide market driven retirement benefits to all eligible employees in the
United States. We maintained a non-qualified excess retirement benefit plan and a non-qualified excess 401k plan to make up for the limitations imposed on our tax-qualified plans by the Internal Revenue Code. New contributions to these non-qualified plans ceased effective February 1, 2014. We also sponsor an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan, which we refer to as the deferred
compensation plan, which allows executive officers and certain other highly compensated employees to defer a portion of their annual incentive awards and sign-on bonuses to help them with tax planning and to
provide competitive benefits. For additional information on these plans, see the sections entitled Executive Compensation – Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2019 and Executive
Compensation – Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2019. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits We provide limited
perquisites and other personal benefits to facilitate the performance of our NEOs’ management responsibilities. For instance, we maintain a company car and driver that allows for additional security, which are used by the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer for both business and personal use, as well as some business and limited personal use by other executive officers. From time to time, our NEOs also may use the Company’s tickets for sporting, cultural or other events for
personal use rather than business purposes. If an incremental cost is incurred for such use, it is included in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 . Only the aggregate amounts
for limited perquisites and other personal expenses paid by the Company in Fiscal Year 2019 for each executive that equaled $10,000 or more are reported. In addition, we have a policy that allows for companion travel on business-related flights on our corporate aircraft by the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, the President and other key employees, as approved by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. It is our policy that NEOs are responsible for all income taxes related to their personal usage of the company car or corporate aircraft, as
well as travel by their companions. Additionally, no NEO may use the corporate aircraft for exclusive personal use (not related to business) except under the terms and conditions outlined in the Company’s aircraft time-sharing agreement with
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or under extraordinary circumstances with the advance approval of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Any personal use of the aircraft by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the
aircraft time-sharing agreement requires him to reimburse Visa an amount (as determined by the Company) equal to the lesser of: (i) the amount that would, absent reimbursement, be reportable with respect to the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer in the Summary Compensation Table (which we refer to as the SEC Cost), or (ii) the expenses of operating such flight that may be charged pursuant to Federal Aviation Regulation Section 91.501(d) as in effect from time to
time (which we refer to as the FAR Expenses). The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s personal use of the corporate aircraft is also subject to an annual cap of $500,000, as determined by the Company using the lesser of the SEC Cost and the
FAR Expenses. As a result of this arrangement, in fiscal year 2019, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s personal use of the aircraft resulted in little incremental cost to the Company. In fiscal year 2020, the Compensation Committee
mandated that Mr. Kelly use the aircraft for all business and personal travel, based on an independent third party finding of a bona fide security concern, which recommended that Mr. Kelly use the aircraft for all travel. Related to this
requirement, the Compensation 69 Table of Contents Committee approved an amendment to the time sharing agreement to provide that, effective as of November 1, 2019, Mr. Kelly is required to reimburse Visa for personal use of the aircraft
for amounts in excess of $200,000 per fiscal year. Severance We believe that it is appropriate to provide severance to an executive officer in certain circumstances. We do not provide for gross-ups for excise taxes that may be imposed as a result of severance payments and, for payments payable upon or following a change of control, we generally require a qualifying termination of employment in
addition to the change of control. Please see the section entitled Employment Arrangements and Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control – Executive Severance Plan for additional information. Offer Letter with Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. We have outstanding
obligations under an executed offer letter with Mr. Kelly, in connection with his commencement of employment by Visa. Please see the description of the offer letter in the section entitled Employment Arrangement and Potential Payments upon
Termination or Change of Control – Offer Letter with Alfred F. Kelly. Fiscal Year 2020 Compensation Long-Term Incentive Compensation On
November 5, 2019, the Compensation Committee approved the annual equity awards for our NEOs to be granted on November 19, 2019, using a combination of 25% of the total value of equity awards in the form of stock options, 25% in the form of
restricted stock units, and 50% in the form of performance shares. These are the same three equity vehicles and percentages used in prior years. For the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2019, the actual number of shares earned will be
determined based on: • the annual EPS goal established for each of the three fiscal years in the performance period; and • an overall modifier based on our TSR Rank over the three-year performance period. Consistent with prior fiscal years, the total combined value of each equity award was approved by the Compensation Committee after considering the
practices of companies in our compensation peer group, the actual compensation levels of similarly situated executive officers of companies in our compensation peer group, corporate and individual performance during fiscal year 2019, recommendations
from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (for awards to the NEOs other than himself) and each NEO’s total compensation. The table below displays the total dollar value of the grants approved in November 2019 as well as the dollar value of
each component. Components Total Value of Equity Awards ($) Value of Stock Options ($) Value
of Restricted Stock Units ($) Value of Performance Shares ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 18,250,000 4,562,500 4,562,500 9,125,000 Vasant M. Prabhu 8,500,000 2,125,000 2,125,000 4,250,000 Ryan McInerney 10,500,000 2,625,000 2,625,000 5,250,000 Rajat Taneja 10,000,000 2,500,000 2,500,000 5,000,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier 4,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000 2,000,000 70 Table of Contents Other Equity Grant Practices and Policies Stock Grant Practices The Compensation Committee has
adopted an equity grant policy, which contains procedures to prevent stock option backdating and other grant timing issues. Under the equity grant policy, the Compensation Committee approves annual grants to executive officers and other members of
the executive committee at a meeting to occur during the quarter following each fiscal year end. The Board has delegated the authority to Mr. Kelly as the sole member of the stock committee to make annual awards to employees who are not members
of the executive committee. The grant date for annual awards to all employees has been established as November 19 of each year. In addition to
the annual grants, stock awards may be granted at other times during the year to new hires, employees receiving promotions, and in other special circumstances. The equity grant policy provides that only the Compensation Committee may make such “off-cycle” grants to NEOs and other members of management’s executive committee. The Compensation Committee has delegated the authority to the stock committee to make “off-cycle” grants to other employees, subject to guidelines established by the Compensation Committee. Any “off-cycle” awards approved by the stock
committee or the Compensation Committee are granted on the 15 th day of the calendar month or on such other date determined by the stock committee, Compensation Committee or the Board. For all newly issued stock option awards, the exercise price of the stock option award will be the closing price of our Class A common stock on the
NYSE on the date of the grant. If the grant date for the annual awards falls on a non-trading day, the exercise price of stock option awards will be the closing price of our Class A common stock on the
NYSE on the last trading day preceding the date of grant. Stock Ownership Guidelines The Compensation Committee maintains stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers as follows: Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 6 x base salary Vasant M. Prabhu 4 x base salary Ryan McInerney 4 x base salary Rajat Taneja 4 x base salary Kelly Mahon Tullier 3 x base salary Equity interests that count toward the satisfaction of the ownership guidelines include shares owned outright by the
NEO, shares jointly owned, restricted stock and restricted stock units payable in shares. Newly hired or promoted executives have five years from the date of the commencement of their appointment to attain these ownership levels. Each NEO currently
meets or exceeds the applicable guideline set forth in the table above. If an executive officer does not meet the applicable guideline by the end of the five-year period, the executive officer is required to hold a minimum of 50% of the net shares
resulting from any future vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or exercise of stock options until the guideline is met. These guidelines reinforce the importance of aligning the interests of our executive officers
with the interests of our stockholders and encourage our executive officers to consider the long-term perspective when managing the Company. Hedging and
Pledging Prohibition As part of our insider trading policy, all employees, including our NEOs, and non-employee directors are prohibited from engaging in short sales of our securities, establishing margin accounts, pledging our securities as 71 Table of Contents collateral for a loan, buying or selling puts or calls on our securities or otherwise engaging in hedging transactions (such as zero-cost dollars, exchange
funds, and forward sale contracts) involving our securities. Policy Regarding Clawback of Incentive
Compensation We have a Clawback Policy pursuant to which NEOs and other key executive officers may be required to return incentive
compensation paid to them if the financial results upon which the awards were based are materially restated due to fraud, intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the executive officer. The Clawback Policy permits the Board to determine in its discretion if it will seek to recover applicable compensation, taking into account the
following considerations as it deems appropriate: • Whether the amount of any bonus or equity compensation paid or awarded during the covered time period, based on the
achievement of specific performance targets, would have been reduced based on the restated financial results; • The likelihood of success of recouping the compensation under governing law relative to the effort involved; • Whether the recoupment may prejudice Visa’s interest in any related proceeding or investigation; • Whether the expense required to recoup the compensation is likely to exceed the amount to be recovered; • The passage of time since the occurrence of the misconduct; • Any pending legal action related to the misconduct; • The tax consequences to the affected individual; and • Any other factors the Board may deem appropriate under the circumstances. Under the Clawback Policy, we can require reimbursement of all or a portion of any bonus, incentive payment, equity-based award (including performance
shares, restricted stock or restricted stock units and outstanding stock options) or other compensation to the fullest extent permitted by law. Recoupment or reimbursement may include compensation paid or awarded during the period covered by the
restatement and applies to compensation awarded in periods occurring subsequent to the adoption of the Clawback Policy. We believe our Clawback
Policy is sufficiently broad to reduce the potential risk that an executive officer would intentionally misstate results in order to benefit under an incentive program and provides a right of recovery in the event that an executive officer took
actions that, in hindsight, should not have been rewarded. In addition, appropriate language regarding the policy has been included in applicable documents and award agreements and our executive officers are required to acknowledge in writing that
compensation we have awarded to them may be subject to reimbursement, clawback or forfeiture pursuant to the terms of the policy and/or applicable law. Tax Implications – Deductibility of Executive Compensation Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code limits our ability to deduct for tax purposes compensation in excess of $1,000,000 that is paid to
certain executive officers, except that historically Section 162(m) provided an exemption for compensation paid pursuant to a plan that has been approved by our stockholders and is performance-related and non-discretionary. The Compensation Committee has in prior years reviewed and considered the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m). The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 repealed the
exemption from the Section 162(m) deduction limit for performance-based compensation, effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, but provides a transition rule with respect to remuneration that is provided pursuant to a
written binding contract which was in effect on November 2, 2017 and which was not materially modified after that date. As a result, subject to certain exceptions, we expect that compensation 72 Table of Contents paid to our named executives in excess of $1,000,000 generally will not be deductible. When designing our compensation structure, the Compensation Committee believes that it needs to consider all
relevant factors that attract, retain and reward executives responsible for our success. In addition, Section 274(e) of the Internal Revenue
Code limits the amount that companies can deduct for the personal use of corporate aircraft to the amount recognized as income by the executives that used the aircraft. For fiscal year 2019, the total amount of our disallowed tax deduction resulting
from the personal use of the corporate aircraft by our NEOs and any guests was $3,105,440. For information regarding the Compensation
Committee’s review of compensation-related risk, please see the section entitled Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs . 73 Table of Contents CEO PAY RATIO The pay ratio included in this information is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. For our last completed fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, the ratio of the median of the annual
total compensation of our employees (excluding our CEO) to the annual total compensation of our CEO is set forth in the table below: Annual total compensation of our CEO (A) $ 24,265,771 Median of the annual total compensation of our employees (excluding our CEO) (B) $ 142,494 Ratio of (A) to (B) 170:1 To identify the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, as well as to determine the annual total
compensation of the “median employee,” the methodology and the material assumptions, adjustments, and estimates used were as follows (which may differ from those used, and may therefore not be comparable to ratios reported by, other
companies): Median Employee As we disclosed in our 2019 proxy statement, we identified our median employee from our worldwide employee population, including both part-time and
full-time employees (other than our CEO), as of September 30, 2018. Given the worldwide geographical distribution of our employee population, we use a variety of pay elements to structure the compensation arrangements of our employees. A
significant number of our U.S. and non-US employees participate in our annual cash bonus and equity incentive award plans. Consequently, for purposes of measuring the compensation of the employees in our
sample in order to identify the “median employee,” we selected base salary or wages plus overtime pay, the annual cash bonus plan payments, and equity awards as the most appropriate measure of compensation. We measured compensation for the
employees in our sample using the 12-month fiscal period ending September 30, 2018. We selected September 30, 2018, which is the last day of our fiscal year, because it provides the most accurate
information regarding compensation for such fiscal year. In making this determination, we did not make any cost-of-living adjustments in identifying the “median
employee.” Although there has been no change in our employee population or our employee compensation arrangements that we believe would significantly impact our pay ratio disclosure, a significant change in the circumstances of the median
employee identified in 2018 occurred. As a result, we selected an employee whose compensation was substantially similar to the 2018 median employee based on the same compensation measure we used to select the 2018 median employee. Annual Total Compensation of Median Employee With respect to the annual total compensation of the “median employee,” we identified and calculated the elements of such employee’s
compensation for 2019 in accordance with the requirements of Item 402(c)(2)(x) of Regulation S-K, resulting in annual total compensation of $142,494. Annual Total Compensation of CEO With respect to the annual total compensation of our CEO, we used the amount reported in the “Total” column of our Summary Compensation Table
for Fiscal Year 2019 included in this proxy statement. 74 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 The following table and related footnotes describe the total compensation earned for services rendered during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 by our
NEOs. The primary elements of each NEO’s total compensation as reported in the table are base salary, annual incentive compensation and long-term incentive compensation in the form of stock options, restricted stock units and performance
shares. Certain other benefits are listed in the “All Other Compensation” column and additional detail about these benefits is provided in the All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2019 Table . Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (3) Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (4) All Other Compensation ($) (5) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 2019 1,400,059 - 14,246,423 4,312,489 4,270,000 - 36,800 24,265,771 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2018 1,300,038 - 8,693,984 3,500,008 5,973,500 - 26,416 19,493,946 2017 1,150,799 - 11,883,298 2,749,995 5,875,000 - 75,362 21,734,454 Vasant M. Prabhu Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 2019 1,000,040 - 6,493,501 1,625,005 2,440,000 1,372 26,800 11,586,718 2018 1,000,038 - 5,848,193 1,999,994 3,704,000 1,215 16,500 12,569,940 2017 850,032 - 3,017,648 1,387,503 3,221,500 1,189 16,200 8,494,072 Ryan McInerney President 2019 900,047 - 7,133,141 1,825,008 2,196,000 3,600 30,621 12,088,417 2018 900,035 - 6,777,537 2,250,003 3,333,600 3,351 21,500 13,286,026 2017 750,029 - 4,363,957 1,437,500 2,842,500 3,259 20,066 9,417,311 Rajat Taneja President, Technology 2019 900,047 - 6,977,836 1,712,503 2,196,000 1,969 22,215 11,810,570 2018 900,035 - 6,803,356 2,125,007 3,306,600 1,769 17,750 13,154,517 2017 750,029 - 4,575,318 1,549,999 2,820,000 1,730 17,450 9,714,526 Kelly Mahon Tullier Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2019 675,027 - 3,581,544 950,001 1,111,725 1,717 23,050 6,343,064 2018 675,026 - 3,075,525 999,997 1,636,767 1,552 33,750 6,422,617 2017 600,023 - 1,962,161 769,997 1,353,600 1,516 23,350 4,710,647 75 Table of Contents Stock Awards (1) Represents restricted stock units awarded and performance shares granted in each of fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017.
The amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to each NEO computed in accordance with stock-based accounting rules (Financial Standards Accounting Board (“FASB”) ASC Topic 718). Assumptions used in the
calculation of these amounts are included in Note 16 – Share-based Compensation to our fiscal year 2019 consolidated financial statements, which is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on November 14, 2019 (the “Form 10-K”). The table below sets forth the details of the components that make up the fiscal year 2019 stock award for our NEOs. Annual restricted stock
units vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Consistent with the requirements of ASC Topic 718, the value of the performance shares displayed in the table below, at their
expected and maximum levels, is based on one-third of the full number of shares for which an EPS goal was established in fiscal year 2019 under the awards made on: (i) November 19, 2016, which vested
on November 30, 2019, (ii) November 19, 2017, which are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2020 and (iii) November 19, 2018, which are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2021. The remaining portions of the awards granted
in November 2017 and November 2018 will be linked to EPS goals for subsequent fiscal years and will be reported in the Summary Compensation Table for those fiscal years. Components of Annual Stock Awards Additional Information Restricted Stock Units Value ($) Value of Performance Shares – Expected ($) Value of Performance Shares – at Maximum ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 4,312,455 9,933,968 19,867,936 Vasant Prabhu 1,624,936 4,868,565 9,737,128 Ryan McInerney 1,825,055 5,308,086 10,616,172 Rajat Taneja 1,712,530 5,265,306 10,530,613 Kelly Mahon Tullier 950,058 2,631,486 5,262,972 Option Awards (2) Represents stock option awards granted in each of fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017. The amounts represent the aggregate
grant date fair value of the awards granted to each NEO computed in accordance with stock-based accounting rules (FASB ASC Topic 718). Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 16 – Share-based
Compensation to our fiscal year 2019 consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Form 10-K. Stock options generally vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the
first anniversary of the date of grant. Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) Amounts for fiscal year 2019 represent cash awards earned under the annual incentive plan and paid on November 15,
2019, based on: (i) actual performance measured against the corporate objectives established for Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted, and Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted; and (ii) actual individual NEO performance against his or
her individual goals. The table below includes the amount of the total award earned by each NEO and the portion of the award attributable to each component. Total Annual Incentive Award ($) Corporate Performance ($) Individual Performance ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 4,270,000 3,416,000 854,000 Vasant M. Prabhu 2,440,000 1,708,000 732,000 Ryan McInerney 2,196,000 1,537,200 658,800 Rajat Taneja 2,196,000 1,537,200 658,800 Kelly Mahon Tullier 1,111,725 778,208 333,517 76 Table of Contents Change in Pension Value (4) Represents the aggregate positive change in the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits under all pension plans
during fiscal year 2019. These amounts were determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in Note 10 – Pension, Postretirement and Other Benefits to our fiscal year 2019 consolidated financial
statements, which are included in our Form 10-K. There are no above market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation. All Other Compensation (5) Additional detail describing the “All Other Compensation” for fiscal year 2019 is included in the All
Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2019 Table below. All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year
2019 Table The following table sets forth additional information with respect to the amounts reported in the “All Other
Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019. Car ($) (1) Corporate Aircraft ($) (2) 401k Plan Match ($) (3) Other ($) (4) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. - - 16,800 20,000 36,800 Vasant M. Prabhu - - 16,800 10,000 26,800 Ryan McInerney 7,098 6,723 16,800 - 30,621 Rajat Taneja - - 16,800 5,415 22,215 Kelly Mahon Tullier - - 16,800 6,250 23,050 (1) Represents the cost of personal use of a Company car and driver. The amount in the table is determined based on the
incremental cost to Visa of the fuel related to the proportion of time the car was used for non-business trips and also includes the cost of the driver’s salary and benefits for the proportion of time the
driver was utilized for non-business trips. (2) Represents the cost of personal use of the corporate/chartered aircraft incidental to business use. (3) The maximum 401k match for calendar year 2019 was $16,800. (4) Includes contributions made on behalf of certain NEOs under our charitable contribution matching programs, under which
personal contributions meeting the guidelines of our program are eligible for Company matching contributions. The total amount of charitable contributions included in the table is $15,000 for Mr. Kelly; $10,000 for Mr Prabhu and $5,000 for
Ms. Mahon Tullier. The amounts also include the matching contributions we made on behalf of the following executives for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to our PAC Charitable Matching Program: Mr. Kelly – $5,000; Mr. Taneja –
$5,415; and Ms. Mahon Tullier – $1,250. Because fiscal year 2019 overlaps two calendar years, amounts matched under our charitable matching program on behalf of Mr. Kelly are greater than $10,000 for fiscal year 2019, even though they
are within our $10,000 per calendar year limit. Because fiscal year 2019 overlaps two calendar years, amounts matched under our PAC Charitable Matching Program on behalf of Mr. Taneja are greater than $5,000 for fiscal year 2019, even though
they are within our $5,000 per calendar year limit. 77 Table of Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2019 Table The following table provides information about non-equity incentive awards and long-term
equity-based incentive awards granted during fiscal year 2019 to each of our NEOs. Cash awards are made pursuant to the Visa Inc. Incentive Plan and equity awards are made pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. Both plans have been
approved by our stockholders. There can be no assurance that the grant date fair value of the equity awards will be realized by our NEOs. Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan
Awards (3)(4) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares or Stock/ Units (#) (k) (4) All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) (l) (4)(5) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/ Share) (m) (5) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards($) (n) (6) Name (a) Award Type (b) (1) Grant Date (c) Approval Date (d) Threshold ($) (e) Target ($) (f) Maximum ($) (g) Threshold (#) (h) Target (#) (i) Maximum (#) (j) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. VIP 1,750,000 3,500,000 7,000,000 PS 11/19/18 (7) 11/5/18 11,253 22,506 45,012 3,683,557 (10) PS 11/19/18 (8) 11/5/18 10,624 21,247 42,494 3,288,398 (10) PS 11/19/18 (9) 11/5/18 10,667 21,334 42,668 2,962,013 (10) RSU 11/19/18 11/5/18 32,001 4,312,455 Option 11/19/18 11/5/18 166,589 134.76 4,312,489 Vasant M.
Prabhu VIP 11/5/18 1,000,000 2,000,000 4,000,000 PS 11/19/18 (7) 11/5/18 5,723 11,446 22,892 1,873,367 (10) PS 11/19/18 (8) 11/5/18 6,071 12,141 24,282 1,879,063 (10) PS 11/19/18 (9) 11/5/18 4,020 8,039 16,078 1,116,135 (10) RSU 11/19/18 11/5/18 12,058 1,624,936 Option 11/19/18 11/5/18 62,773 134.76 1,625,005 Ryan
McInerney VIP 900,000 1,800,000 3,600,000 PS 11/19/18 (7) 11/5/18 5,929 11,857 23,714 1,940,635 (10) PS 11/19/18 (8) 11/5/18 6,830 13,659 27,318 2,114,003 (10) PS 11/19/18 (9) 11/5/18 4,514 9,028 18,056 1,253,448 (10) RSU 11/19/18 11/5/18 13,543 1,825,055 Option 11/19/18 11/5/18 70,499 134.76 1,825,008 Rajat
Taneja VIP 900,000 1,800,000 3,600,000 PS 11/19/18 (7) 11/5/18 6,393 12,785 25,570 2,092,521 (10) PS 11/19/18 (8) 11/5/18 6,450 12,900 25,800 1,996,533 (10) PS 11/19/18 (9) 11/5/18 4,236 8,472 16,944 1,176,252 (10) RSU 11/19/18 11/5/18 12,708 1,712,530 Option 11/19/18 11/5/18 66,153 134.76 1,712,503 Kelly Mahon Tullier VIP 455,625 911,250 1,822,500 PS 11/19/18 (7) 11/5/18 3,176 6,351 12,702 1,039,468 (10) PS 11/19/18 (8) 11/5/18 3,036 6,071 12,142 939,609 (10) PS 11/19/18 (9) 11/5/18 2,350 4,699 9,398 652,409 (10) RSU 11/19/18 11/5/18 7,050 950,058 Option 11/19/18 11/5/18 36,698 134.76 950,001 (1) VIP refers to cash awards made pursuant to the Visa Inc. Incentive Plan. PS refers to performance shares awarded under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. RSU refers to restricted stock units granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. Option refers to stock options granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (2) Represents the range of possible cash awards under the VIP. Actual awards are dependent on actual results against:
(i) the corporate performance measures of Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted, and Net Revenue Growth – VIP adjusted, and (ii) pre-established individual goals as described under the heading Fiscal Year 2019 Compensation – Annual Incentive Plan . The amounts shown in column (e) reflect the threshold payment level, which is 50% of the target amount 78 Table of Contents in column (f). The amounts shown in column (g) are 200% of such target amount, which is the maximum possible award. The actual amounts awarded to our NEOs under the annual incentive plan for
fiscal year 2019 are included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2019 . (3) Represents the range of possible awards of performance shares granted in fiscal year 2019. Awards are capped at the
maximum of 200% and can be as low as zero. (4) Equity awards made pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan will vest according to their terms, but may
be subject to earlier vesting in full or continued vesting in the event of a termination of a grantee’s employment due to death, “disability” or “retirement” or a termination following a “change of control” of a
grantee’s employment by us without “cause” or by the grantee for “good reason.” The terms disability, retirement, change of control, cause, and good reason are all defined in the applicable award agreement or the 2007 Equity
Incentive Compensation Plan. (5) The stock options approved by the Compensation Committee on November 5, 2018 were granted on November 19,
2018. The exercise price of these stock options was the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The stock options generally vest in three substantially equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the
date of grant and expire ten years from the date of grant. (6) Amounts are not an actual dollar amount received by our NEOs in fiscal year 2019, but instead represent the aggregate
grant date fair value of the equity awards calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The aggregate grant date fair value calculation for the performance shares is discussed in more detail in footnote 10 below. (7) Consistent with the requirements of ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the third of three portions of the performance
share award made on November 19, 2016 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2018. The shares earned from this award vested on November 30, 2019. (8) Consistent with the requirements of ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the second third of the performance share
award made on November 19, 2017 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2018. The shares earned from this award are expected to vest on November 30, 2020. (9) Consistent with the requirements of ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the first third of the performance share award
made on November 19, 2018 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2018. The shares earned from this award are expected to vest on November 30, 2021. (10) Represents the value of performance shares based on the expected outcome as of the date of grant. In accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718, this result is based on (i) achieving the target level of EPS; and (ii) a relative TSR result modeled using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 79 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2019 Fiscal Year-End Table The following table presents information with respect to equity awards made to each of
our NEOs that were outstanding on September 30, 2019. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Award Type (1) Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (2) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Equity Incentive Awards: Number of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (5) Equity Incentive Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. PS Various (6) 262,692 45,185,651 RSU 11/19/2018 32,001 5,504,492 RSU 11/19/2017 21,247 3,654,696 RSU 2/8/2017 3,918 673,935 RSU 11/19/2016 11,342 1,950,937 RSU 11/19/2016 25,984 4,469,508 RSU 11/19/2015 2,246 (7) 386,334 RSU 11/19/2014 2,880 (7) 495,389 Option 11/19/2018 0 166,589 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 65,242 130,486 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 131,936 65,968 80.8200 11/19/2026 Vasant M. Prabhu PS Various (6) 133,314 22,931,341 RSU 11/19/2018 12,058 2,074,097 RSU 11/19/2017 12,142 2,088,545 RSU 11/19/2016 5,723 984,413 Option 11/19/2018 0 62,773 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 37,281 74,563 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 66,568 33,284 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 68,343 0 80.1500 11/19/2025 Ryan McInerney PS Various (6) 143,838 24,741,574 RSU 11/19/2018 13,543 2,329,531 RSU 11/19/2017 13,659 2,349,485 RSU 11/19/2016 5,929 1,019,847 Option 11/19/2018 0 70,499 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 41,941 83,884 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 68,966 34,484 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 97,850 0 80.1500 11/19/2025 Option 11/19/2014 77,596 0 62.4650 11/19/2024 Option 11/19/2013 35,996 0 49.3475 11/19/2023 Option 6/3/2013 98,324 0 45.0475 6/3/2023 80 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Name Award Type (1) Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (2) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Equity Incentive Awards: Number of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (5) Equity Incentive Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Rajat Taneja PS Various (6) 145,258 24,985,829 RSU 11/19/2018 12,708 2,185,903 RSU 11/19/2017 12,900 2,218,929 RSU 11/19/2016 6,393 1,099,660 Option 11/19/2018 0 61,153 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 39,611 79,224 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 74,364 37,182 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 105,836 0 80.1500 11/19/2025 Option 11/19/2014 72,896 0 62.4650 11/19/2024 Option 2/4/2014 227,224 0 53.6350 2/4/2024 Kelly Mahon Tullier PS Various (6) 71,792 12,348,942 RSU 11/19/2018 7,050 1,212,671 RSU 11/19/2017 6,071 1,044,273 RSU 11/19/2016 3,176 546,304 Option 11/19/2018 0 36,698 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 18,640 37,282 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 36,942 18,471 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 38,968 0 80.1500 11/19/2025 Option 11/19/2014 22,360 0 62.4650 11/19/2024 (1) PS refers to performance shares awarded under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. RSU refers to restricted stock units granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. Option refers to stock options granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (2) Stock options generally vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the
date of grant and expire ten years from the date of grant. (3) Restricted stock units granted generally vest annually in three substantially equal installments beginning on the first
anniversary of the date of grant. (4) The value shown is based on the September 30, 2019 per share closing price of our Class A common stock of
$172.01. (5) Represents unearned shares under the performance share awards made in November 2016, November 2017 and November 2018.
Based on guidance provided by the SEC, the maximum potential number of shares for such grants has been assumed. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2016 include the full award for which the performance period
ended on September 30, 2019. Following the fiscal year-end, the actual shares earned from this award were determined to be 200% of target. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on
November 19, 2017 include only shares equal to the two-thirds of the award for which an EPS target has been established. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2018
include only shares equal to the one-third of the award for which an EPS target has been established. The table below provides additional detail. 81 Table of Contents (6) The following table provides additional information as to the number of shares reported for performance shares as of
September 30, 2019 in the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2019 Fiscal Year-End Table . Date when the Number of Performance Shares was Established Date when Conditions for Grant were Established Vest Date November 19, 2016 November 19, 2017 November 19, 2018 To be established in Fiscal Year 2020 To be established in Fiscal Year 2021 Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 11/19/2016 (a) 45,012 45,012 45,012 11/30/2019 11/19/2017 42,494 42,494 42,494 11/30/2020 11/19/2018 42,668 42,668 42,670 11/30/2021 Total 262,692 Vasant M. Prabhu 11/19/2016 (a) 22,890 22,890 22,892 11/30/2019 11/19/2017 24,282 24,282 24,282 11/30/2020 11/19/2018 16,078 16,078 16,078 11/30/2021 Total 133,314 Ryan McInerney 11/19/2016 (a) 23,716 23,716 23,714 11/30/2019 11/19/2017 27,318 27,318 27,316 11/30/2020 11/19/2018 18,056 18,056 18,058 11/30/2021 Total 143,838 Rajat Taneja 11/19/2016 (a) 25,572 25,572 25,570 11/30/2019 11/19/2017 25,800 25,800 25,800 11/30/2020 11/19/2018 16,944 16,944 16,944 11/30/2021 Total 145,258 Kelly Mahon Tullier 11/19/2016 (a) 12,704 12,704 12,702 11/30/2019 11/19/2017 12,142 12,142 12,140 11/30/2020 11/19/2018 9,398 9,398 9,402 11/30/2021 Total 71,792 (a) Displayed at maximum possible award (200% of target); following the completion of the performance period the final
result was determined to be 200% of target. (7) These awards reflect RSUs Mr. Kelly received for his service as a non-employee director of the Company. The grants have fully vested, but have not settled as the awards have been deferred. Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for Fiscal Year 2019 The following table provides additional information about the value realized by our NEOs on stock option award exercises, restricted stock and
restricted stock units vesting and performance shares vesting during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (1) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. - - 51,866 6,989,462 Vasant M. Prabhu - - 67,548 9,460,457 Ryan McInerney - - 92,585 12,988,872 Rajat Taneja - - 99,185 13,920,086 Kelly Mahon Tullier 74,818 7,761,133 38,001 5,324,956 (1) Amounts reflect the aggregate market value of Class A common stock on the day on which the restricted stock units
or performance shares vested. 82 Table of Contents Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2019 The following table shows the present value of accumulated benefits payable to our NEOs and the number of years of service credited to each executive
under the Visa Retirement Plan and the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. The value of the benefits is determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements. Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service (#) Present Value
of Accumulated Benefit ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) Vasant M. Prabhu Visa Retirement Plan 0.8 33,901 - Ryan McInerney Visa Retirement Plan 2.5 92,038 - Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 2.5 - - Rajat Taneja Visa Retirement Plan 2.1 49,144 - Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 2.1 - - Kelly Mahon Tullier Visa Retirement Plan 1.5 43,025 - Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 1.5 - - Note: Employer credits under the Visa Retirement Plan were discontinued effective December 31, 2015. Benefit
accruals under the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan were discontinued effective February 1, 2014. Each of the executives, except Mr. Kelly, is fully vested under the Visa Retirement Plan. Mr. Kelly is not an eligible participant in
the Visa Retirement Plan or the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. Visa Retirement Plan Under the Visa Retirement Plan, our U.S.-based employees, including our NEOs, generally earn the right to receive certain benefits: • upon retirement at the normal retirement age of 65; • upon early retirement at or after age 55 (or at or after age 50 if hired prior to October 1, 2002) and having
completed at least ten years of service with us; or • upon an earlier termination of employment, but solely if the employee is vested at that time. Prior to January 1, 2011, retirement benefits were calculated as the product of 1.25% times the employee’s years of service multiplied by the
employee’s monthly final average earnings for the last 60 consecutive months before retirement (or, for employees hired prior to October 1, 2002, the product of 46.25% times the employee’s years of service divided by 25 years,
multiplied by the employee’s monthly final average earnings for the 36 highest consecutive months in the last 60 months before retirement). Eligible earnings include salary, overtime, shift differentials, special and merit awards and short-term
cash incentive awards. If an employee retires early, that is, between the ages of 55 and 64 (or between the ages of 50 and 61 if hired prior to
October 1, 2002), and has completed at least ten years of service with the Company, the amount of that employee’s benefits is reduced for each complete year that the employee begins receiving early retirement benefits before the age of 65
(or before the age of 62 if hired prior to October 1, 2002). If an employee retires prior to becoming eligible for early or normal retirement, the amount of his or her benefits is actuarially reduced and is generally not as large as if the
employee had continued employment until his or her early or normal retirement date. The Visa Retirement Plan began transitioning to cash balance
benefits effective January 1, 2008 and completed the transition effective January 1, 2011. The change to a cash balance benefit formula took effect immediately for 83 Table of Contents employees hired or rehired after December 31, 2007. However, for employees hired before January 1, 2008 (and not rehired thereafter), the applicable Visa Retirement Plan benefit formula
described above was grandfathered for a three-year period and grandfathered employees continued to accrue benefits under that benefit formula. Their accrued benefits at December 31, 2010 (the last day of the grandfathered period) or the date
they terminated employment, if earlier, were preserved. Because we completed the conversion to a cash balance plan formula beginning on January 1, 2011, all benefit accruals from that date until December 31, 2015 were under the cash
balance benefit formula. Prior to January 1, 2016, under the cash balance plan formula, 6% of an employee’s eligible monthly pay was
credited each month to the employee’s notional cash balance account, along with interest each month on the account balance at an annualized rate equal to the 30-year U.S. Treasury Bond average annual
interest rate for November of the previous calendar year. The employer-provided credits described above ceased after December 31, 2015 and the Visa Retirement Plan had no new participants after that date. Interest credits continue to be
provided on balances existing at the time of this freeze. Accrued benefits under the Visa Retirement Plan become fully vested and nonforfeitable after three years of service. Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan Prior to February 1, 2014, we also provided for benefit accruals under an excess retirement benefit plan. To the extent that an employee’s
annual retirement income benefit under the Visa Retirement Plan exceeds the limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, such excess benefit is paid from our non-qualified, unfunded, noncontributory Visa
Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. The vesting provisions of, and formula used to calculate the benefit payable pursuant to, the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan are generally the same as those of the Visa Retirement Plan described above, except
that benefits are calculated without regard to the Internal Revenue Code tax-qualified plan limits and then offset for benefits paid under the qualified plan. Effective February 1, 2014, we discontinued
benefit accruals under the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2019 Visa Deferred Compensation Plan Under the terms of the Visa
Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible participants are able to defer up to 100% of their cash incentive awards or sign-on bonuses, if they submit a qualified deferral election. Benefits under the Visa Deferred
Compensation Plan will be paid based on one of the following three distribution dates or events previously elected by the participant: (i) immediately upon, or up to five years following, retirement; (ii) immediately upon, or in the
January following, termination; or (iii) if specifically elected by the participant, in January in a specified year while actively employed. However, upon a showing of financial hardship and receipt of approval from the plan administrator, a
plan participant may be allowed to access funds in his or her deferred compensation account earlier than his or her existing distribution election(s). Benefits can be received either as a lump sum payment or in annual installments, except in the
case of pre-retirement termination, in which case the participant must receive the benefit in a lump sum. Participants are always fully vested in their deferrals under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan. Upon
termination of the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan within 12 months of a “change of control,” participants’ benefits under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan will be paid immediately in a lump sum. Visa 401k Plan and Visa Excess 401k Plan The Visa 401k Plan
is a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement savings plan pursuant to which all of our U.S.-based employees, including our NEOs, are able to contribute up to 50%, or 13% for highly compensated employees, of their
salary up to the limit prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code to the Visa 401k Plan on a pre-tax basis. Employees also have the option of contributing on an after-tax basis up to 50%, or 13% for highly compensated employees, of salary or a combination of pre-tax and after tax contributions that do not exceed 50%, or 13% for 84 Table of Contents highly compensated employees, of salary. All contributions are subject to the Internal Revenue Code limits. If an employee reaches the statutory pre-tax contribution limit during the calendar year, an employee may continue to make contributions to the Visa 401k Plan on an after-tax basis, subject to any applicable statutory limits. During fiscal year 2019, we contributed a matching amount equal to 200% of the first 3% of salary that was contributed by senior executives including
NEOs to the Visa 401k Plan. All other employees were eligible for a matching amount equal to 200% of the first 5% of salary contributed to the Visa 401k Plan. All employee and matching contributions to the Visa 401k Plan are fully vested upon
contribution. Prior to February 1, 2014, we also provided for a contribution in an excess 401k plan. Because the Internal Revenue Code limits
the maximum amount a company and an employee can contribute to an employee’s 401(k) plan account each year, we continued to provide the matching contribution, after the applicable Internal Revenue Code limits are reached, to the Visa Excess
401k Plan, which is a non-qualified noncontributory retirement savings plan. Employees are eligible to participate in the Visa Excess 401k Plan if their salaries are greater than the Internal Revenue Code pay
cap or if the total of their contributions and our matching contributions to the Visa 401k Plan exceed the Internal Revenue Code benefit limit. The features of the Visa Excess 401k Plan are generally the same as under the Visa 401k Plan, except that
benefits cannot be rolled over to an IRA or another employer’s qualified plan. Effective February 1, 2014, we discontinued any future contributions to the Visa Excess 401k Plan. The following table provides information about each of our NEO’s contributions, earnings, distributions and balances under the Visa Deferred
Compensation Plan and the Visa Excess 401k Plan in fiscal year 2019. Name Plan Name Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($) (1) Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($) Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year ($) (2) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year-End ($) (3) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Excess 401k Plan - - - - - Deferred Compensation Plan 1,493,375 (1) - 101,015 - 1,594,390 Director Deferred Compensation
Plan - - 6,419 - 290,593 Vasant M.
Prabhu Excess 401k Plan - - - - - Deferred Compensation Plan - - - - - Ryan McInerney Excess 401k Plan - - 662 - 17,466 Deferred Compensation Plan - - - - - Rajat Taneja Excess 401k Plan - - - - - Deferred Compensation Plan 3,306,600 (1) - 328,215 - 7,812,849 Kelly Mahon Tullier Excess 401k Plan - - - - - Deferred Compensation Plan - - 289,613 - 3,161,762 (1) These amounts were included in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2019. (2) The aggregate earnings were not included in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2019, as they do not
represent above-market or preferential earnings. (3) Amounts in this column include values reported in the Summary Compensation Table when earned if that officer’s
compensation was required to be disclosed in a previous year as follows: Mr. Kelly: $36,250; Mr. McInerney: $10,951; and Mr. Taneja: $3,667,510. 85 Table of Contents The following table shows the funds available under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan, the Visa
Director Deferred Compensation Plan and the Excess 401k Plan and their annual rate of return for fiscal year 2019, as reported by the administrator of the plans. Name of Fund Rate of Return (%) Alger Capital Appreciation
Institutional Fund – Institutional Class (1) 1.09% Dodge & Cox Income (2) 9.13% Dodge & Cox International
Stock -2.75% Fidelity Balanced
Fund – Class K 3.73% Fidelity Low-Priced Stock Fund – Class K -3.28% PIMCO Total Return
Fund – Institutional Class (1) 10.08% Fidelity 500 Index
Fund – Institutional Premium Class 4.24% Vanguard Extended Market Index
Fund – Institutional Plus Shares -3.77% Vanguard Federal Money Market
Fund 2.26% Vanguard U.S. Growth Fund
Class – Admiral Shares (2)(3) 2.34% Vanguard Total Bond Market Index
Fund – Institutional Shares 10.45% Vanguard Total Stock Market Index
Fund – Institutional Shares 2.89% Vanguard Total International Stock
Index Fund – Institutional Plus Shares -1.53% Vanguard Value Index Fund – Institutional Shares (2) 3.53% (1) This fund is not available under the Visa Excess 401k Plan. (2) This fund is not available under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan or the Director Deferred Compensation Plan. (3) This prior fund offering of Vanguard Morgan Growth Fund Class – Admiral Shares was available until March 29,
2019 and subsequently merged with this fund on April 5, 2019. This fund was available until September 16, 2019. Employment Arrangements and Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control The following discussion relates only to the offer letters with our NEOs under which we still have outstanding obligations during fiscal year 2019. We
do not have fixed-term employment agreements with our NEOs. Offer Letter with Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. On October 17, 2016, we entered into an offer letter agreement with Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. under which he became Chief Executive Officer Designate as
of October 31, 2016 and was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer effective as of December 1, 2016. The offer letter was the result of negotiations with the Company, during which the Compensation Committee consulted with FW Cook, its
independent compensation consultant, and legal counsel with expertise in executive compensation matters. In connection with the negotiation of the offer letter the Compensation Committee also reviewed relevant market data, the compensation levels of
our other executive officers, and the terms of Mr. Kelly’s compensation arrangements with his previous employer, including the value he would forfeit with such employer by agreeing to join Visa. Pursuant to the terms of the offer letter,
Mr. Kelly receives an annual base salary of $1,250,000, which has since been increased to $1,400,000, and is eligible to participate in our annual incentive plan with a target bonus of 250% of his base salary and a maximum bonus opportunity of
500% of his base salary. Mr. Kelly received an initial long-term equity incentive award with an aggregate grant date value of $11,000,000, with $5,500,000 in performance shares, $2,750,000 in stock options and $2,750,000 in restricted stock
units. This award was made at the same time and in the same general form as awards to other senior executives of the Company on November 19, 2016, except that the provisions to qualify for retirement treatment were defined as age 60 and four
years of service and six months of service from the date of grant. The standard provisions are age 55 and five years of service and six months of service from the date of grant. 86 Table of Contents On November 19, 2016, as required under the terms of his offer letter,
Mr. Kelly received a one-time “make-whole” equity award with a grant date value of $6,300,000 to compensate him for certain forfeited bonus opportunities with his prior employer. On
February 8, 2017, Mr. Kelly received an additional make-whole equity award of $1,000,000, after his prior employer failed to exercise certain call rights such that Mr. Kelly was unable to recover the cash value of his original equity
investment in his prior employer. These make-whole awards were composed of restricted stock units, which converted into 89,703 shares. The shares subject to the make-whole awards vest in three substantially equal installments on each of the three
anniversaries of the first quarterly grant date after Mr. Kelly’s commencement of employment, assuming his continued employment by the Company through each such date; provided that upon the termination of his employment by the Company
without “cause” or his resignation of employment for “good reason” (each term as defined in the offer letter agreement), and subject to a release of claims against the Company and its affiliates in the form attached to our
Executive Severance Plan, Mr. Kelly will be entitled to twelve additional months of vesting. Further, in the event of Mr. Kelly’s death or “disability” (as defined in the Executive Severance Plan), the make-whole awards will
become fully vested. The make-whole awards will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of our equity incentive plan and their corresponding individual award agreements. In November 2016, we also entered into an aircraft time-sharing agreement with Mr. Kelly, which governs Mr. Kelly’s personal use of the
Company’s aircraft during his employment and his reimbursement of the Company for the costs of such use. Please see the section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Perquisites and Other Personal
Benefits for additional information regarding this agreement. Executive Severance Plan We believe that it is appropriate to provide severance pay to an executive officer whose employment is involuntarily terminated by us without
“cause,” and, in some cases, voluntarily terminated by the executive for “good reason” (each as defined in the Executive Severance Plan), to provide transition income replacement that will allow the executive to focus on our
business priorities. We believe the level of severance provided by this Plan is consistent with the practices of our compensation peer group and is necessary to attract and retain key employees. Our NEOs are participants in the Executive Severance Plan, which provides for lump sum severance upon a qualifying termination of two times the sum of
the executive’s base salary and target annual incentive award, and a prorated bonus for any partial performance period under the annual incentive plan, along with continued health benefits for two years post-termination. The Executive Severance
Plan does not provide for any gross-ups for excise taxes imposed as a result of severance or other payments deemed made in connection with a change of control. Equity Incentive Awards Pursuant to the terms of certain
award agreements under the Visa Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, if the employment of a NEO is involuntarily terminated by us without “cause” at any time or voluntarily terminated by the NEO for “good reason” within
two years following a change of control (as such terms are defined in the plan or applicable award agreement), then the unvested portion of any equity incentive award will become fully vested (and at target levels, with respect to performance
shares). There are generally no “single-trigger” payments available to NEOs upon a change of control. Quantification of Termination Payments and
Benefits The following tables reflect the amount of compensation that would be paid to each of our NEOs in the event of a termination of the
executive officer’s employment under various scenarios. The amounts shown assume that such termination was effective as of September 30, 2019 and include estimates of the amounts that would be paid to each executive officer upon such
executive officer’s termination. The “Health and Welfare Benefits” reflect the estimated value of benefits payable for 24 months upon disability and for 6 months upon death. The tables only include additional benefits that result from
the termination and do not include any amounts or benefits earned, vested, accrued or owing under any plan for any other reason. Please see the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 87 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2019 Table, the Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2019 and the section entitled Non-qualified Deferred
Compensation for Fiscal Year 2019 for additional information. Payments that would be made over a period of time have been estimated as the lump sum present value using 120% of the applicable federal rate. The actual amounts to be paid can only
be determined at the time of such executive officer’s separation from Visa. Termination Payments and Benefits for Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of
Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare
Benefits 62,199 62,199 - 61,907 15,330 Cash Severance 9,800,000 9,800,000 - - - Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year 2019 4,270,000 3,500,000 - 3,500,000 3,500,000 Unvested Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units 16,253,569 16,253,569 11,110,126 16,253,569 16,253,569 Unvested Options 20,335,987 20,335,987 20,335,987 20,335,987 20,335,987 Unvested Performance Shares 33,587,017 (1) 33,587,017 (2) 33,587,017 (1) 33,587,017 (1) 33,587,017 (1) Total 84,308,772 83,538,772 65,033,130 73,738,480 73,691,903 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Mr. Kelly meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of his equity award agreements and
as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon his termination of employment. Termination Payments and Benefits for Vasant M. Prabhu Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of
Control ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare
Benefits 61,256 61,256 60,969 15,091 Cash Severance 6,000,000 6,000,000 - - Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year 2019 2,440,000 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000 Unvested Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units - 5,147,055 5,147,055 5,147,055 Unvested Options - 10,010,535 10,010,535 10,010,535 Unvested Performance Shares - 16,319,621 (1) 11,460,598 (2) 11,460,598 (2) Total 8,501,256 39,538,467 28,679,157 28,633,279 88 Table of Contents (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (2) Includes the target number of shares, prorated for the portion of the performance period completed. In the event of a
termination due to death or disability, the actual amount earned for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period and a prorated number of the final shares earned will vest. Termination Payments and Benefits for Ryan McInerney Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of
Control ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare
Benefits 62,199 62,199 61,907 15,330 Cash Severance 5,400,000 5,400,000 - - Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year 2019 2,196,000 1,800,000 1,800,000 1,800,000 Unvested Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units - 5,698,863 5,698,863 5,698,863 Unvested Options - 10,987,430 10,987,430 10,987,430 Unvested Performance Shares - 17,826,084 (1) 12,365,026 (2) 12,365,026 (2) Total 7,658,199 41,774,576 30,913,226 30,866,649 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (2) Includes the target number of shares, prorated for the portion of the performance period completed. In the event of a
termination due to death or disability, the actual amount earned for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period and a prorated number of the final shares earned will vest. 89 Table of Contents Termination Payments and Benefits for Rajat Taneja Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of
Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare
Benefits 35,342 35,342 - 36,448 9,077 Cash Severance 5,400,000 5,400,000 - - - Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year 2019 2,196,000 1,800,000 - 1,800,000 1,800,000 Unvested Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units 5,504,492 5,504,492 5,504,492 5,504,492 5,504,492 Unvested Options 10,781,766 10,781,766 10,781,766 10,781,766 10,781,766 Unvested Performance Shares 17,626,381 (1) 17,626,381 (2) 17,626,381 (1) 17,626,381 (1) 17,626,381 (1) Total 41,543,981 41,147,981 33,912,639 35,749,087 35,721,716 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Mr. Taneja meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of his equity award agreements and
as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon his termination of employment. Termination Payments and Benefits for Kelly Mahon Tullier Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of
Control ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare
Benefits 54,719 54,719 55,729 13,839 Cash Severance 3,172,500 3,172,500 - - Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year 2019 1,111,725 911,250 911,250 911,250 Unvested Restricted Stock/ Restricted Stock Units - 2,803,247 2,803,247 2,803,247 Unvested Options - 5,369,939 5,369,939 5,369,939 Unvested Performance Shares - 8,835,466 (1) 6,171,828 (2) 6,171,828 (2) Total 4,338,944 21,147,121 15,311,993 15,270,103 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (2) Includes the target number of shares, prorated for the portion of the performance period completed. In the event of a
termination due to death or disability, the actual amount earned for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period and a prorated number of the final shares earned will vest. 90 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2 –
APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS We are asking our Class A common
stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as described in this proxy statement, including the section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the related
narrative discussion. This proposal, commonly known as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal, gives our Class A common stockholders the opportunity to express their
views on our named executive officers’ compensation. As described in detail under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis above, our executive compensation programs are designed to attract, motivate and retain our named executive officers, who are critical to our success. Under these programs, our named executive officers are rewarded for the achievement of
specific annual, long-term, and strategic goals, corporate goals and the realization of increased stockholder value. Please read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement for additional details about our
executive compensation programs, including information about the fiscal year 2019 compensation of our named executive officers. The Say-on-Pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the Compensation Committee or our Board. Our Board and the Compensation Committee value the views of our
stockholders, and will carefully review and consider the voting results for this proposal when evaluating our executive compensation programs. We currently conduct annual advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers,
and we expect to conduct the next advisory Say-on-Pay vote at our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS
DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. 91 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3 –
RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF KPMG LLP The Audit and Risk Committee has appointed KPMG LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm to audit the financial statements of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020. KPMG has been our independent auditor since our initial public offering in 2008, and KPMG audited our financial
statements for fiscal year 2019. The Audit and Risk Committee also periodically considers whether there should be a rotation of independent registered public accounting firms because the Audit and Risk Committee believes it is important for the
registered public accounting firm to maintain independence and objectivity. In determining whether to reappoint KPMG, the Audit and Risk Committee considered several factors, including: • the length of time KPMG has been engaged; • KPMG’s independence and objectivity; • KPMG’s capability and expertise in handling the complexity of Visa’s global operations in our industry; • historical and recent performance, including the extent and quality of KPMG’s communications with the Audit and
Risk Committee, and feedback from management regarding KPMG’s overall performance; • recent PCAOB inspection reports on the firm; and • the appropriateness of KPMG’s fees, both on an absolute basis and as compared with its peers. The Audit and Risk Committee believes that the continued retention of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm
is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders, and we are asking our stockholders to ratify the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020. Although ratification is not required, the
Board is submitting a proposal to ratify KPMG’s appointment to our stockholders because we value our stockholders’ views and as a matter of good corporate practice. In the event that our stockholders fail to ratify KPMG as the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, it will be considered a recommendation to the Audit and Risk Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit and Risk Committee may
in its discretion select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the fiscal year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. A representative of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so and will
be available to respond to appropriate questions. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
KPMG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR 2020. 92 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by KPMG for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 (in thousands): Services Provided Fiscal Year 2019 Fiscal Year 2018 Audit fees (1) $  9,540 $  9,268 Audit-related fees (2) 2,054 1,881 Tax fees (3) 520 1,032 All other fees (4) 6 8 Total $12,120 $12,189 (1) Represents aggregate fees for professional services rendered in connection with annual financial statement audits,
audits of our internal control over financial reporting, preparation of comfort letters and consents related to SEC registration statements, quarterly review of financial statements and for services related to local statutory audits. (2) Represents aggregate fees for assurance and audit-related services (but not included in the audit fees set forth
above). The assurance and audit-related services include employee benefit plan audits, review of internal controls for selected information systems and business units (Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagement No. 18 and International
Standard on Assurance Engagement No. 3402 audits), services related to consultations on financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) Represents aggregate fees for tax services in connection with the preparation of tax returns, other tax compliance
services, and tax planning services. (4) Represents fees for eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) services and subscription fees for an accounting
research tool. Consistent with SEC and PCAOB requirements regarding auditor independence, the Audit and Risk Committee has
responsibility for appointing, setting the compensation for and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In accordance with its charter and the Audit and Risk Committee’s Pre-Approval Policy, the Audit and Risk Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and internal control-related services, audit-related services, and permissible non-audit services, including the terms thereof, to be performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm. During fiscal year 2019, all services KPMG provided to the Company were pre-approved by the Audit and Risk Committee in accordance with applicable SEC regulations and the Pre-Approval Policy, and the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed and discussed
the documentation KPMG supplied to it as to tax services and the potential effect of the provision thereof on KPMG’s independence. To further
help ensure the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm, we have adopted policies and procedures relating to the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm and the hiring of employees or former
employees of the independent registered public accounting firm. 93 Table of Contents VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION Information About Solicitation and Voting This proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board for use at the Annual Meeting to be held at the Le Méridien San Francisco, 333 Battery Street, San
Francisco, California 94111 on Tuesday, January 28, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. We will provide a live and re-playable webcast of the Annual Meeting, which
will be available on the Events Calendar section of our investor relations website at http://investor.visa.com . Who Can Vote Visa’s Class A common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2019 will be
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on the basis of one vote for each share held. On November 29, 2019, there were 1,711,838,234 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name If on November 29, 2019, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services, then you are considered
the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. As a stockholder of record, you may vote at the Annual Meeting or vote by proxy. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote over the Internet or by telephone, or
if you received paper proxy materials by mail, by filling out and returning the proxy card. For questions regarding your stock ownership, you may
contact our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services, by telephone at (866) 456-9417 (within the U.S.) or +1 (651) 306-4433 (outside the U.S.). Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Nominee If on November 29, 2019, your shares of Class A common stock were held in an account with a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee, then you
are the beneficial owner of the shares held in street name. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your nominee on how to vote the shares held in your account, and it has enclosed or provided voting instructions for you to use in
directing it on how to vote your shares. However, the organization that holds your shares is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. Because you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your
shares at the Annual Meeting unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from the organization that holds your shares giving you the right to vote the shares at the Annual Meeting. 94 Table of Contents How to Vote If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways for you to vote your shares: By mail. If you received printed proxy materials, you may submit
your vote by completing, signing and dating each proxy card received and returning it in the prepaid envelope. Sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy card. Proxy cards submitted by mail must be received no later than January 27, 2020
to be voted at the Annual Meeting By telephone. Instructions are shown on your proxy card. Via the Internet. Instructions are shown on your Notice of Internet Availability. In person at the Annual Meeting. You may vote your
shares in person at the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, we recommend that you also submit your proxy card or vote by telephone or via the Internet by the applicable deadline so that your vote will be
counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Class A common stock, you should receive a Notice of Internet
Availability of Proxy Materials or voting instructions from the broker or other nominee holding your shares. You should follow the instructions in the Notice or the voting instructions provided by your broker or nominee in order to instruct your
broker or nominee on how to vote your shares. The availability of telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting process of the broker or nominee. Shares held beneficially may be voted in person at the Annual Meeting only if you obtain a
legal proxy from the broker or nominee giving you the right to vote the shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned or postponed, your proxy will
still be effective and will be voted at the rescheduled or adjourned Annual Meeting. You will still be able to change or revoke your proxy until the rescheduled or adjourned Annual Meeting. Change or Revoke a Proxy or Vote If you are a stockholder of record, you may change or revoke your vote before the completion of voting at the Annual Meeting by: • signing and returning a new proxy card with a later date; • submitting a later-dated vote by telephone or via the Internet, since only your latest telephone or Internet vote
received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January 27, 2020 will be counted; • attending the Annual Meeting in person and voting again (your attendance at the Annual Meeting without further action
will not revoke your vote); or • delivering a written revocation to our Corporate Secretary at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119,
before the Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of Class A common stock, you must follow the instructions provided
by the broker or other nominee holding your shares for changing your vote. How Proxies Are Voted If you are a Class A stockholder of record and you submit a proxy card, but you do not provide voting instructions on the card,
your shares will be voted: • FOR the election of the eleven director nominees named in this proxy statement; 95 Table of Contents • FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation paid to our named executive officers; and • FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal year 2020. If you are a beneficial owner of Class A common stock and you do not provide the broker or other nominee
that holds your shares with voting instructions, the broker or nominee will determine if it has the discretionary authority to vote on your behalf. Under the NYSE’s rules, brokers and nominees have the discretion to vote on routine matters such
as proposal 3, but do not have discretion to vote on non-routine matters such as proposals 1 and 2. Therefore, if you do not provide voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your broker or nominee may
only vote your shares on proposal 3 and any other routine matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. Brokers or other nominees
who hold shares of our Class A common stock for a beneficial owner have the discretion to vote on routine proposals when they have not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner at least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting. A
broker non-vote occurs when a broker or other nominee does not receive voting instructions from the beneficial owner and does not have the discretion to direct the voting of the shares. A quorum is required to transact business at our Annual Meeting. Stockholders of record holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class A common stock represented at the Annual Meeting either in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting constitute a quorum. If you have returned valid proxy instructions or attend the meeting in person, your shares will
be counted for the purpose of determining whether there is a quorum, even if you abstain from voting on some or all matters introduced at the meeting. In addition, broker non-votes will be treated as present
for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. The vote required to approve each proposal is set forth below. Proposal Vote Required Impact of Broker Non-Votes Impact of Abstentions 1 – Election of eleven directors Majority of the Class A Shares Cast for Each Director Nominee (1) No Impact No Impact 2 – Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation paid to our named executive
officers Majority of the Class A Shares Entitled to Vote and Present in Person or Represented by Proxy at the Annual Meeting No Impact Counts Against 3 – Ratification of the appointment of
KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020 Majority of the Class A Shares
Entitled to Vote and Present in Person or Represented by Proxy at the Annual Meeting Not Applicable Counts Against (1) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require each incumbent director nominee to submit an irrevocable contingent
resignation letter prior to the mailing of the proxy statement for an annual meeting at which the nominee’s candidacy will be considered. If the nominee does not receive a majority of the votes cast for his or her re-election, meaning that he or she does not have more votes cast FOR than AGAINST his or her re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend to the Board that it accept the nominee’s contingent resignation, unless the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines that acceptance of the resignation would not be in the best interest of the Company and its
stockholders. The Board will decide whether to accept or reject the contingent resignation at its next regularly scheduled meeting, but in no event later than 120 days following certification of the election results. The Board will publicly disclose
its decision and rationale. 96 Table of Contents Proxy Solicitor We will bear the expense of soliciting proxies. We have retained D.F. King & Co. to solicit proxies for a fee of $11,000 plus a reasonable
amount to cover expenses. Proxies may also be solicited in person, by telephone or electronically by Visa personnel who will not receive additional compensation for such solicitation. Copies of proxy materials and the fiscal year 2019 Annual Report
will be supplied to brokers and other nominees for the purpose of soliciting proxies from beneficial owners, and we will reimburse such brokers or other nominees for their reasonable expenses. Voting Results Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. has been engaged as our independent agent to receive and tabulate stockholder votes. Broadridge will separately
tabulate FOR, AGAINST and ABSTAIN votes, and broker non-votes. We also have retained an independent inspector of election, who will certify the election results and perform any other acts required by the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Preliminary results will be announced at the Annual Meeting. Final results will be published in a
current report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four business days of the Annual Meeting. Viewing the List of Stockholders Stockholders at the close of business on the Record Date may examine a list of Class A common stockholders as of the Record Date for any purpose
germane to the Annual Meeting for ten days preceding the Annual Meeting, at our offices in Foster City, California or at the Annual Meeting. If you would like to view the stockholder list, please contact our Investor Relations Department at
InvestorRelations@visa.com or (650) 
432-7644 to schedule an appointment. Attending the Meeting If you are a stockholder of record on the Record Date and plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, you must contact our Investor Relations
Department at InvestorRelations@visa.com or (650) 432-7644 by January 24, 2020 to reserve a seat. Stockholders who plan on attending the Annual Meeting will be required to: • bring a form of government-issued photo identification, such as a driver’s license, state-issued identification
card, or passport; and • provide proof of stock ownership as of the Record Date, such as an account or brokerage statement showing ownership as
of the Record Date. Anyone seeking admittance to the Annual Meeting who cannot prove ownership or representation as of the close
of business on the Record Date, or who has not reserved a seat in advance, may not be admitted. When you arrive, signs will direct you to the
meeting room. Due to security measures, all bags will be subject to search, and all persons who attend the Annual Meeting may be subject to a metal detector or a hand wand search. We will be unable to admit anyone who does not comply with these
security procedures. We will not permit the use of cameras (including cell phones with photographic or video capabilities) and other recording devices in the meeting room. If you need assistance at the meeting because of a disability, please contact
our Investor Relations Department at InvestorRelations@visa.com or (650) 432-7644, at least two weeks in advance of the meeting. Please visit the Investor Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com for directions to Le Méridien San Francisco, 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111. 97 Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2021 Annual Meeting The submission deadline for stockholder proposals to be included in our proxy materials for the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders
pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act is August 7, 2020. All such proposals must be in writing and received by our Corporate Secretary electronically at corporatesecretary@visa.com or by mail
at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119 by the close of business on the required deadline in order to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. Submission of a proposal before the
deadline does not guarantee its inclusion in our proxy materials. Under our Bylaws, director nominations and other business may be brought before
an annual meeting of stockholders only by or at the direction of the Board or by a stockholder entitled to vote who has submitted a proposal in accordance with the requirements of our Bylaws. To nominate a candidate or submit a proposal for
consideration at our 2021 annual meeting pursuant to our advance notice bylaw provisions, stockholders must deliver or mail their nomination submission or other stockholder notice of a proposal so that it is received by our Corporate Secretary no
earlier than 120 days and no later than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting. However, if we provide stockholders less than 100 days’ notice or other prior public disclosure of the date of our 2021 annual meeting, we must receive any
stockholder nomination or proposal no later than the close of business on the 10 th day following the earlier of the day on which we mailed or otherwise publicly disclosed notice of the meeting
date. In addition, the Company’s Bylaws permit up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of our Class A common stock for a period of at
least 3 years to nominate up to 20% of the Board and include these nominees in our proxy materials, subject to certain provisions included in our Bylaws. To nominate a candidate to be considered at our 2021 annual meeting pursuant to our proxy
access bylaw provisions, stockholders must deliver or mail their nomination so that it is received by our Corporate Secretary not earlier than the close of business on July 8, 2020 and not later than the close of business on August 7,
2020. However, if the 2021 annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after the anniversary of the date of the 2020 annual meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, stockholders must deliver or mail their nomination so that
it is received by our Corporate Secretary no earlier than the close of business on the 150 th day prior to the 2021 annual meeting date, and no later than the close of business on the later of the
120 th day prior to the 2021 annual meeting date or the 10 th day following the day we publicly disclose the 2021 annual meeting date. The nomination or notice of a proposal must include all of the information specified in our Bylaws. For a nomination, the required information includes
identifying and stockholding information about the nominee, information about the stockholder making the nomination, and the stockholder’s ownership of and agreements related to our stock. It also must include the nominee’s consent to
serve if elected. Please refer to the relevant provisions of our Bylaws for additional information and requirements regarding stockholder nominations or other stockholder proposals. A copy of our Bylaws may be obtained by visiting the Investor
Relations page of our website at http://investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance” or by contacting our Corporate Secretary at corporatesecretary@visa.com or Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. Stockholders Sharing the Same Address The SEC has adopted rules that allow a company to deliver a single proxy statement or annual report to an address shared by two or more of its
stockholders. This method of delivery, known as “householding,” permits us to realize significant cost savings, reduces the amount of duplicate information stockholders receive, and reduces the environmental impact of printing and mailing
documents to our stockholders. Under this process, certain stockholders will receive only one copy of our proxy materials and any additional proxy materials that are delivered until such time as one or more of these stockholders notifies us that
they want to receive separate 98 Table of Contents copies. Any stockholders who object to or wish to begin householding may contact our Investor Relations Department at (650) 432-7644 or Investor
Relations, Visa Inc., P.O. Box 8999, San Francisco, CA 94128-8999. We will send an individual copy of the proxy statement to any stockholder who revokes their consent to householding within 30 days of our receipt of such revocation. Fiscal Year 2019 Annual Report and SEC Filings Our financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report and this proxy statement are posted on our website at http://investor.visa.com and are available from the SEC at its website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you may request a
printed copy without charge by contacting our Investor Relations Department at InvestorRelations@visa.com, (650) 432-7644 or Investor Relations, Visa Inc., P.O. Box 8999, San Francisco, CA 94128-8999. 99 Table of Contents VISA INC. P.O. BOX 193243 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94119-3243 VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January
27, 2020. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy
statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or
access proxy materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January 27, 2020. Have your proxy
card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing,
c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK
INK AS FOLLOWS: E86725-P30785
                    KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — – — — — 
— THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY VISA INC. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR each of the following nominees: 1. Election of Directors For Against Abstain Nominees: 1a.   Lloyd A. Carney ☐ ☐ ☐ 1b.   Mary B. Cranston ☐ ☐ ☐ 1c.   Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal ☐ ☐ ☐ 1d.   Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. ☐ ☐ ☐ 1e.   Ramon L. Laguarta ☐ ☐ ☐ 1f.   John F. Lundgren ☐ ☐ ☐ 1g.   Robert W. Matschullat ☐ ☐ ☐ 1h.   Denise M. Morrison ☐ ☐ ☐ 1i.   Suzanne Nora Johnson ☐ ☐ ☐ 1j.   John A. C. Swainson ☐ ☐ ☐ 1k.   Maynard G. Webb, Jr. ☐ ☐ ☐ The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 2 and 3. For Against Abstain 2.  Advisory vote to approve executive compensation. ☐ ☐ ☐ 3.  Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm for the 2020 fiscal year. ☐ ☐ ☐ Note: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a
corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on January 28, 2020: The Notice and Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Stockholders can be accessed
electronically at http://investor.visa.com or www.proxyvote.com. E86726-P30785 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF VISA INC. 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS The undersigned stockholder(s) appoint(s) Kelly Mahon Tullier and Margaret Fitzpatrick, and each
of them, with full power of substitution, as attorneys and proxies for and in the name and place of the undersigned, and hereby authorize(s) each of them to represent and to vote all of the shares of Class A common stock of Visa Inc.
(“Visa”) that are held of record by the undersigned as of November 29, 2019, which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Visa to be held on January 28, 2020, at Le Méridien San Francisco, 333
Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111, at 8:30 a.m. (Pacific time), and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED AND RETURNED IN A TIMELY MANNER, WILL BE VOTED AT THE ANNUAL
MEETING AND AT ANY ADJOURNMENT OR POSTPONEMENT THEREOF IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF NO CONTRARY INDICATION IS MADE, THE PROXY WILL BE VOTED IN FAVOR OF ELECTING THE ELEVEN NOMINEES IDENTIFIED HEREIN TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND FOR PROPOSALS
2 AND 3. In their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly
come before the meeting. Continued and to be signed on reverse side