DEF 14A 1 d656997ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.    ) Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a
Party other than the Registrant ¨ Check the appropriate box: ¨ Preliminary Proxy Statement ¨ Confidential for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6[e][2]) þ Definitive Proxy Statement ¨ Definitive Additional Materials ¨ Soliciting Material Pursuant to § 240.14a-12 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. (Name of
Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of
Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement If Other Than The Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required ¨ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. 1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: 2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11: (Set forth the amount on which the
filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined.) 4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 5) Total fee paid: ¨ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ¨ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify
the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 1) Amount Previously Paid: 2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: 3) Filing Party: 4) Date Filed: BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 3555 Farnam Street Omaha, Nebraska 68131 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS May 3, 2014 T O T HE S HAREHOLDERS : Notice is hereby given that the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. will be held at the
CenturyLink Center Omaha, 455 North 10 th Street, Omaha,
Nebraska, on May 3, 2014 at 3:45 p.m. for the following purposes: 1. To elect directors. 2. To hold an advisory vote on executive compensation as disclosed in the materials. 3. To hold an advisory vote on whether an advisory vote on executive compensation should be held every one, two or three years. 4. To act on two shareholder proposals if properly presented at the meeting. 5. To consider and act upon any other matters that may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 5, 2014 as the record date for determining the shareholders having
the right to vote at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. A list of such shareholders will be available for examination by a shareholder for any purpose germane to the meeting during ordinary business hours at the offices of the Corporation at
3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, Nebraska, during the ten days prior to the meeting. You are requested to date, sign and return the
enclosed proxy which is solicited by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and will be voted as indicated in the accompanying proxy statement and proxy. A return envelope is provided which requires no postage if mailed in the United States. If
mailed elsewhere, foreign postage must be affixed. Prior to the formal annual meeting, just as in recent years, the doors
will open at the CenturyLink Center at 7:00 a.m. and the movie will be shown at 8:30 a.m. At 9:30 a.m., the question and answer period will commence. The question and answer period will last until 3:30 p.m. (with a short break for lunch). After a
recess, the formal Annual Meeting of Shareholders will convene at 3:45 p.m. By order of the Board of
Directors SHARON L. HECK, Secretary Omaha, Nebraska March 14, 2014 A shareholder may request meeting credentials for admission to the meeting by
completing and promptly returning to the Company the meeting credential order form accompanying this notice. Otherwise, meeting credentials may be obtained at the meeting by persons identifying themselves as shareholders as of the record date. For a
record owner, possession of a proxy card will be adequate identification. For a beneficial-but-not-of-record owner, a copy of a broker’s statement showing shares held for his or her benefit on March 5, 2014 will be adequate identification. BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 3555 Farnam Street Omaha, Nebraska 68131 PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS May 3, 2014 This statement is furnished in connection with the
solicitation by the Board of Directors (“Board”) of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (hereinafter “Berkshire” or “Corporation” or “Company”) of proxies in the accompanying form for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to
be held on Saturday, May 3, 2014 at 3:45 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof. This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy were first sent to shareholders on or about March 14, 2014. If the form of proxy enclosed herewith is
executed and returned as requested, it may nevertheless be revoked at any time prior to exercise by filing an instrument revoking it or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date. Solicitation of proxies will be made solely by mail at the
Corporation’s expense. The Corporation will reimburse brokerage firms, banks, trustees and others for their actual out-of-pocket expenses in forwarding proxy material to the beneficial owners of its common stock. As of the close of business on March 5, 2014, the record date for the Annual Meeting, the Corporation had outstanding and entitled
to vote 857,848 shares of Class A Common Stock (hereinafter called “Class A Stock”) and 1,179,267,338 shares of Class B Common Stock (hereinafter called “Class B Stock”). Each share of Class A Stock is entitled to
one vote per share and each share of Class B Stock is entitled to one-ten-thousandth (1/10,000) of one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation. The Class A Stock and Class B Stock vote together
as a single class on the matters described in this proxy statement. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 5, 2014 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment thereof. The presence at the meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of Class A Stock and Class B Stock holding in the aggregate a
majority of the voting power of the Corporation’s stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A plurality of the votes properly cast for the election of directors by the shareholders attending the meeting,
in person or by proxy, will elect directors to office. However, pursuant to the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Corporate Governance Guidelines, if a director nominee in an uncontested election receives a greater number of votes “withheld” from
his or her election than votes “for” that director’s election, the nominee shall promptly offer his or her resignation to the Board. A committee consisting of the Board’s independent directors (which will specifically exclude any
director who is required to offer his or her own resignation) shall consider all relevant factors and decide on behalf of the Board the action to be taken with respect to such offered resignation and will determine whether to accept the resignation
or take other action. The Corporation will publicly disclose the Board’s decision with regard to any resignation offered under these circumstances with an explanation of how the decision was reached, including, if applicable, the reasons for
rejecting the offered resignation. A majority of votes properly cast upon any other question shall decide the question.
Abstentions will count for purposes of establishing a quorum, but will not count as votes cast for the election of directors or any other question. Accordingly, abstentions will have no effect on the election of directors and are the equivalent of
an “against” vote on matters requiring a majority of votes properly cast to decide the question. Broker non-votes will not count for purposes of establishing a quorum or as votes cast for the election of directors or any other question and
accordingly will have no effect. Shareholders who send in proxies but attend the meeting in person may vote directly if they prefer and withdraw their proxies or may allow their proxies to be voted with the similar proxies sent in by other
shareholders. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 3, 2014. The Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 3, 2014 and the 2013 Annual Report to the Shareholders are available at www.berkshirehathaway.com/eproxy. 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS At the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, a Board of Directors consisting of 13 members will be elected, each director to hold office
until a successor is elected and qualified, or until the director resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. The Governance,
Compensation and Nominating Committee (“Governance Committee”) has established certain attributes that it seeks in identifying candidates for directors. In particular the Governance Committee looks for individuals who have very high
integrity, business savvy, an owner-oriented attitude and a deep genuine interest in Berkshire. These are the same attributes that Warren Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman and CEO, believes to be essential if one is to be an effective member
of the Board of Directors. In considering candidates for director, the Governance Committee considers the entirety of each candidate’s credentials in the context of these attributes. In the judgment of the Governance Committee as well as that
of the Board as a whole, each of the candidates being nominated for director possesses such attributes. Upon the
recommendation of the Governance Committee and Mr. Buffett, the Board of Directors has nominated for election the 13 current directors of the Corporation. Certain information with respect to nominees for election as directors is contained in
the following table: WARREN E . BUFFETT ,
age 83, has been a director and the controlling shareholder of the Corporation since 1965 and has been its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1970. He was a director of The Washington Post Company until May 2011. Additional Qualifications: Warren Buffett brings to the Board his 44 years of experience as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. HOWARD G . BUFFETT , age 59, has been a director of the
Corporation since 1993. For more than the past five years, Mr. Buffett has been President of Buffett Farms and President of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation, a charitable foundation that directs funding for humanitarian and conservation related
issues. He is also a director of The Coca-Cola Company, Lindsay Corporation and Sloan Implement Company. Additional
Qualifications: Howard Buffett brings to the Board his experience as the owner of a small business, as a past senior executive
of a public corporation, as a director of public corporations and as the President of a large charitable foundation. STEPHEN B . BURKE , age 55, has been a director of the Corporation since 2009. Mr. Burke has been the Chief Executive Officer of
NBCUniversal and Executive Vice President of Comcast Corporation since January 2011. Prior to that time, from 1998 until January 2011, he was the Chief Operating Officer of Comcast Corporation. He is also a director of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Additional Qualifications: Stephen Burke brings to the Board his experience as a senior executive of a public corporation and his financial expertise as a director of a major banking institution. SUSAN L . DECKER , age 51, has been a director of the
Corporation since 2007. Ms. Decker also serves on the boards of directors of Intel Corporation and Costco Wholesale Corporation. During the 2009-2010 school year, she served as Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Harvard Business School. Prior to
that, from June 2000 to April 2009, Ms. Decker held various executive management positions at Yahoo! Inc., a global Internet brand, including President (June 2007 to April 2009), head of the Advertiser and Publisher Group (December 2006 to June
2007) and Chief Financial Officer (June 2000 to June 2007). Before Yahoo!, Ms. Decker spent 14 years with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst and served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory
Council for a four-year term, from 2000 to 2004. Additional Qualifications: Susan Decker brings to the Board her experience as a past senior executive of a public corporation and a director of public corporations
and her financial expertise as a former financial analyst and a former member of the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council. 2 WILLIAM H . GATES III , age 58, has been a director of the Corporation since 2005. Mr. Gates currently serves as Co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mr. Gates is a director of Microsoft Corporation and
served as Chairman of the Board from its incorporation in 1981 until February 2014. Mr. Gates was the Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft Corporation from 1981 until January 2000. Additional Qualifications: William Gates brings to the Board his experience and financial expertise as the chairman of the board of directors and as a past chief executive officer of a public corporation and as the co-chair of a
major charitable foundation. DAVID S . GOTTESMAN , age 87, has been a director of the Corporation since 2004. For more than the past five years, he has been a principal of First Manhattan Co., an investment advisory firm. Mr. Gottesman is Vice
Chairman and a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History. Additional Qualifications: David Gottesman brings to the Board his experience and financial expertise as principal of a private investment manager. CHARLOTTE GUYMAN , age 57, has been a director of the Corporation
since 2003. Ms. Guyman was a general manager with Microsoft Corporation until July 1999 and has been retired since that time. She is a director of Space Needle LLC and was former Chairman of the Board of Directors of UW Medicine, an
academic medical center. Additional Qualifications: Charlotte Guyman brings to the Board her experience as a past senior executive of a public corporation and her financial expertise as the former chairman of a major academic medical center. DONALD R . KEOUGH , age 87, has been a director of the
Corporation since 2003. For more than the past five years, he has been Chairman of Allen & Company, an investment banking firm. Mr. Keough currently is a director of IAC/InterActiveCorp and is Chairman Emeritus of the University of
Notre Dame. Additional Qualifications: Donald Keough brings to the Board his experience and financial expertise as the chairman of an investment banking firm, director of public corporations and as a past senior executive of a public
corporation. CHARLES T . MUNGER , age 90,
has been a director and Vice Chairman of the Corporation’s Board of Directors since 1978. Between 1984 and 2011, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Wesco Financial Corporation, approximately 80%-owned by
the Corporation during that period. He also served as President of Wesco Financial Corporation between 2005 and 2011. Mr. Munger is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of Daily Journal Corporation, a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation
and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Good Samaritan Hospital. Additional Qualifications: Charles Munger brings to the Board his 36 years of experience as Vice Chairman of the Corporation. THOMAS S . MURPHY , age 88, has been a director of the
Corporation since 2003. Mr. Murphy has been retired since 1996. He was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from 1966 to 1990 and from February 1994 until his retirement in 1996. Additional Qualifications: Thomas Murphy brings to the Board his experience and financial expertise as a past chief executive officer of a public corporation and as a past director of public corporations. RONALD L . OLSON , age 72, has been a director of the
Corporation since 1997. For more than the past five years, he has been a partner in the law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP. He is also a director of City National Corporation, Edison International, Graham Holdings Company and Southern
California Edison and he is a trustee of Western Asset Funds. Additional Qualifications: Ronald Olson brings to the Board his experience and expertise in legal issues and corporate governance as a partner of a law firm and as a
director of public corporations. 3 WALTER SCOTT , JR . , age
82, has been a director of the Corporation since 1988. For more than the past five years, he has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of Level 3 Communications, Inc., which is engaged in telecommunications and computer outsourcing and is a
successor to certain businesses of Peter Kiewit Sons’ Inc. He is also a director of Valmont Industries Inc. Additional
Qualifications: Walter Scott brings to the Board his experience and financial expertise as a past chief executive officer and
as a director of both public and private corporations and as chairman of a major charitable foundation. MERYL B . WITMER , age 52, was elected as a director of
the Corporation at the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Since January 2001, Ms. Witmer has been a managing member of the General Partner of Eagle Capital Partners, L.P., an investment partnership. From 1989 through the end of 2000, she was
one of two General Partners at Buchanan, Parker Asset Management which managed Emerald Partners L.P., an investment partnership. Additional Qualifications: Meryl Witmer brings to the Board her experience and financial expertise as a manager of an investment fund. When the accompanying proxy is properly executed and returned, the shares it represents will be voted in accordance with the directions indicated thereon or, if no direction is indicated, the shares will
be voted in favor of the election of the thirteen nominees identified above. The Corporation expects each nominee to be able to serve if elected, but if any nominee notifies the Corporation before the annual meeting that he or she is unable to do
so, then the proxies will be voted for the remainder of those nominated and, as designated by the directors, may be voted (i) for a substitute nominee or nominees, or (ii) to elect such lesser number to constitute the whole Board as equals
the number of nominees who are able to serve. Directors’ Independence The Governance Committee of the Board of Directors has concluded that the following directors are independent in accordance with the
director independence standards of the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K, and has determined that none of them has a material relationship with the Corporation which would impair his or her
independence from management or otherwise compromise his or her ability to act as an independent director: Stephen B. Burke; Susan L. Decker; William H. Gates III; David S. Gottesman; Charlotte Guyman; Donald R. Keough;
Thomas S. Murphy; Walter Scott, Jr. and Meryl B. Witmer. In making its determination with respect to Mr. Scott, the
Governance Committee considered his role as a director of and the holder (along with family members and related entities) of 9.2% of the voting stock of MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company in which the Corporation owns approximately 89.8% of the
voting stock. The Governance Committee also considered the agreement between the Corporation and Mr. Scott that requires Mr. Scott and his related family interests, before selling their MidAmerican shares, to give the Corporation the right
of first refusal to purchase their shares (if the Corporation is legally permitted to buy them) or the opportunity to assign its right to purchase to a third party (if it is not legally permitted to buy them). That same agreement also gives
Mr. Scott and his related family interests the right to put their shares to the Corporation (if the Corporation is legally permitted to buy them) at fair market value to be determined by independent appraisal if the sellers do not agree with
the price offered by the Corporation, and payable in Berkshire shares. The Governance Committee considered these relationships in light of the attributes it believes need to be possessed by independent-minded directors, including personal
financial substance and a lack of economic dependence on the Corporation, as well as business wisdom and ownership of Berkshire shares. The Governance Committee concluded that Mr. Scott’s relationships, rather than interfering with
his ability to be independent from management, are consistent with the business and financial substance that have made and continue to make him an independent director. In making its determination with respect to Mr. Gates, the Governance Committee considered that Mr. Gates and his wife are trustees of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (“Gates
Foundation”) that since 2006 has received donations from Warren Buffett of 168,289,804 Class B shares of the Corporation. These shares were received in connection with Mr. Buffett’s pledge to donate Class B Stock to the Gates
Foundation over the remainder of Mr. Buffett’s life. Terms of his pledge are described on Berkshire’s website at www.berkshirehathaway.com under the heading “Letters from Warren E. Buffett Regarding 4 Pledges to Make Gifts of Berkshire Stock.” The Governance Committee considered these relationships in light of the attributes it believes need to be possessed by independent-minded
directors, including personal financial substance and a lack of economic dependence on the Corporation, as well as business wisdom and ownership of Berkshire shares. The Governance Committee concluded that Mr. Gates’ relationship to the
Gates Foundation had no impact on his independence and that he continued to qualify as an independent director. Howard G.
Buffett is the son of Warren Buffett. Ronald L. Olson is a partner of the law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP. Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP rendered legal services to the Corporation and its subsidiaries in 2013 and has been
rendering services in 2014. The Corporation and its subsidiaries paid fees of $5.6 million to Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP during 2013. Board of Directors’ Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Warren E. Buffett is Berkshire’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. He is Berkshire’s largest shareholder and owns shares of Berkshire that represent 34.4% of the
voting interest and 20.5% of the economic interest. As such he may be deemed to be Berkshire’s controlling shareholder. It is Mr. Buffett’s opinion that a controlling shareholder who is active in the business, as is currently the
case and has been the case for Mr. Buffett for over the last 40 years, should hold both roles. This opinion is shared by Berkshire’s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has not named a lead independent director. Mr. Buffett and the other members of the Board of Directors extensively discuss succession planning at each meeting of the Board.
Upon his death or inability to manage Berkshire, no member of the Buffett family will be involved in managing Berkshire but, as very substantial Berkshire shareholders, the Buffett family will assist the Board of Directors in picking and overseeing
the CEO selected to succeed Mr. Buffett. At that time, Mr. Buffett believes it would be prudent to have a member of the Buffett family serve as the non-executive Chairman of the Board. Ultimately, however, that decision will be the
responsibility of the then Board of Directors. The full Board of Directors has responsibility for general oversight of risks.
It receives reports from Mr. Buffett and other members of senior management at least twice a year on areas of risk facing the Corporation. Also, at least once a year, the senior management of the Corporation’s significant businesses
reports to the Board of Directors on risks facing their respective businesses. In addition, as part of its charter, the Audit Committee discusses Berkshire’s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Board of Directors’ Meetings Board of Directors’ actions were taken in 2013 at the Annual Meeting of Directors that followed the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and at two special meetings and upon three occasions by
directors’ unanimous written consent. Each then current director attended all meetings of the Board and of the Committees of the Board on which he or she served except that Charles T. Munger did not attend one special meeting of the Board of
Directors. Directors are encouraged but not required to attend annual meetings of the Corporation’s shareholders. All directors of the Corporation attended the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Meetings of Non-Management and Independent Directors Two meetings of non-management directors were held during 2013. Mr. Ronald L. Olson presided as ad hoc chair of the meetings. In addition, following one of the meetings of non-management
directors, a meeting of directors determined to be independent was held. Mr. Walter Scott, Jr. presided as ad hoc chair of that meeting. A shareholder or other interested party wishing to contact the non-management directors or independent
directors, as applicable, should send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131. The mailing envelope must contain a clear notation that the enclosed letter is to be forwarded to the Corporation’s
non-management directors or independent directors, as applicable. Board of Directors’ Committees The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)A of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. The Audit Committee consists of Susan L. Decker, Charlotte Guyman, Donald R. Keough and Thomas S. Murphy. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Murphy is an “audit committee financial expert” as that term is used in
Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K 5 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act. All current members of the Audit Committee meet the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act and in
Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. The Audit Committee assists the Board with oversight of a) the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements, b) the Corporation’s compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements and c) the qualifications and independence of the Corporation’s independent public accountants and the Corporation’s internal audit function. The Audit Committee meets periodically with the Corporation’s
independent public accountants, Director of Internal Auditing and members of management and reviews the Corporation’s accounting policies and internal controls. The Audit Committee also selects the firm of independent public accountants to be
retained by the Corporation to perform the audit. The Audit Committee held five meetings during 2013. The Board of Directors adopted an Audit Committee Charter on April 29, 2000, which was subsequently amended and restated on March 2,
2004. The amended Audit Committee Charter is available on Berkshire’s website at www.berkshirehathaway.com . The
Board of Directors has established a Governance Committee and adopted a Charter to define and outline the responsibilities of its members. A copy of the Governance Committee’s Charter is available on Berkshire’s website at www.berkshirehathaway.com . The Governance Committee consists of Susan L. Decker, David S. Gottesman, Walter Scott, Jr. and Meryl B. Witmer, all of whom are independent directors in accordance with the New York Stock Exchange
director independence standards. The role of the Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors by a) recommending
governance guidelines applicable to Berkshire; b) identifying, evaluating and recommending the nomination of Board members; c) setting the compensation of Berkshire’s Chief Executive Officer and performing other compensation oversight; d)
reviewing related persons transactions and e) assisting the Board with other related tasks, as assigned from time to time. The Governance Committee met twice during 2013. Director Nominations Berkshire does not have a policy regarding the
consideration of diversity in identifying nominees for director. In identifying director nominees, the Governance Committee does not seek diversity, however defined. Instead, as previously discussed, the Governance Committee looks for individuals
who have very high integrity, business savvy, an owner-oriented attitude and a deep genuine interest in the Company. With respect to the selection of director nominees at the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Governance Committee recommends
the Board nominate each of the 13 directors currently serving on the Board. Berkshire’s Governance Committee has a policy
under which it will consider recommendations presented by shareholders. A shareholder wishing to submit such a recommendation should send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131. The mailing envelope
must contain a clear notation that the enclosed letter is a “Director Nominee Recommendation.” The Secretary must receive the recommendation by December 19, 2014, for it to be considered by the Committee for the 2015 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. The letter must identify the author as a shareholder and provide a brief summary of the candidate’s qualifications. At a minimum, candidates recommended for nomination to the Board of Directors must meet the director independence
standards of the New York Stock Exchange. The Governance Committee’s policy provides that candidates recommended by shareholders will be evaluated using the same criteria as are applied to all other candidates. Director Compensation Directors of the Corporation or its subsidiaries who are employees or spouses of employees do not receive fees for attendance at directors’ meetings. A director who is not an employee or a spouse of
an employee receives a fee of $900 for each meeting attended in person and $300 for participating in any meeting conducted by telephone. A director who serves as a member of the Audit Committee receives a fee of $1,000 quarterly. Directors are
reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of directors or shareholders. The Company does not provide directors and officers liability insurance to its directors. 6 The following table provides compensation information for the year ended December 31,
2013 for each non-management member of the Corporation’s Board of Directors. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Total Howard G. Buffett $ 2,100 $ 2,100 Stephen B. Burke 2,100 2,100 Susan L. Decker 6,100 6,100 William H. Gates III 2,100 2,100 David S. Gottesman 2,100 2,100 Charlotte Guyman 6,100 6,100 Donald R. Keough 6,100 6,100 Thomas S. Murphy 6,100 6,100 Ronald L. Olson 2,100 2,100 Walter Scott, Jr. 2,100 2,100 Meryl B. Witmer 1,800 1,800 Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The Governance Committee of our Board of Directors currently consists of Walter Scott, Jr.,
David S. Gottesman, Susan L. Decker and Meryl B. Witmer. None of these individuals has at any time been an officer or employee of the Company. During 2013, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or
compensation committee of any entity for which a member of our Board of Directors or Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee served as an executive officer. Communications with the Board of Directors Shareholders and other
interested parties who wish to communicate with the Board of Directors or a particular director may send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131. The mailing envelope must contain a clear notation
indicating that the enclosed letter is a “Board Communication” or “Director Communication.” All such letters must clearly state whether the intended recipients are all members of the Board or just certain specified individual
directors. The Secretary will make copies of all such letters and circulate them to the appropriate director or directors. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to promote effective governance of the Corporation. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on Berkshire’s website at www.berkshirehathaway.com . Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Corporation has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all Berkshire directors, officers and employees as well as
directors, officers and employees of each of its subsidiaries. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on Berkshire’s website at www.berkshirehathaway.com . Related Persons Transactions The Charter of the Governance Committee includes procedures for the approval or ratification of any Related Persons Transaction (“Transaction”) as defined in the regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The procedures require that all requests for approval of proposed Transactions or ratification of Transactions be referred to the Chairman of the Governance Committee or directly to the full committee. The full committee
reviews any Transaction which the Chairman concludes is material to the Company or which the Chairman is unable to review. Only Transactions which the Governance Committee or its Chairman finds to be in the best interests of Berkshire and its
stockholders are approved or ratified. The Chairman reports all Transactions which he reviews to the Governance Committee annually for ratification. Berkshire is not aware of any Transaction entered into since January 1, 2013, or currently
proposed, in which a Related Person had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 7 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Warren E. Buffett, whose address is 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131, is a nominee for director and the only
person known to the Corporation to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Corporation’s Class A Stock. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust, whose address is 2365 Carillon Point, Kirkland, WA 98033, of which William
H. Gates III is a trustee, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Corporation’s Class B Stock. Blackrock Inc. whose address is 40 East 52 nd Street, New York, NY 10022, reported on a Form 13-G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) on January 28, 2014 it was the beneficial owner of 79,992,047 shares of Class B Common Stock. Such shares represent approximately 6.8% of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. State Street Corporation, whose address
is One Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 02111, reported on a Form 13-G filed with the SEC on February 3, 2014 it was the beneficial owner of 77,710,822 shares of Class B Common Stock. Such shares represent 6.6% of the outstanding shares of Class B
Common Stock. The Vanguard Group, whose address is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, PA 19355, reported on a Form 13-G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2014 it was the beneficial owner of 76,265,844 shares of Class B Common Stock. Such shares
represent 6.5% of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. Beneficial ownership of the Corporation’s Class A and Class B Stock on March 1, 2014 by Mr. Buffett, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust and by
other executive officers and directors of the Corporation who own shares is shown in the following table: Name Title of Class of Stock Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percentage of Outstanding Stock of Respective Class (1) Percentage of Aggregate Voting Power of Class
A and Class B (1) Percentage of Aggregate Economic Interest of Class A and Class B (1) Warren E. Buffett Class A 336,000 39.2 Class B 1,425,727 0.1 34.4 (2) 20.5 Howard G. Buffett Class A 869 (3) 0.1 Class B 272,587 (3) * 0.1 0.1 Stephen B. Burke Class A 22 * Class B — * * * Susan L. Decker Class A — * Class B 3,125 * * * William H. Gates III Class A 4,350 (4) 0.5 Class B 80,319,904 (4) 6.8 1.3 3.5 David S. Gottesman Class A 19,817 (5) 2.3 Class B 2,381,603 (5) 0.2 2.1 1.3 Charlotte Guyman Class A 100 * Class B 100 * * * Donald R. Keough Class A 100 (6) * Class B 60 * * * Charles T. Munger Class A 5,324 0.6 Class B 750 * 0.5 0.3 Thomas S. Murphy Class A 829 (7) 0.1 Class B 27,957 (7) * 0.1 0.1 Ronald L. Olson Class A 306 (8) * Class B 17,500 * * * Walter Scott, Jr. Class A 100 * Class B — * * * Meryl B. Witmer Class A 3 (9) * Class B — * Directors and executive Class A 367,820 42.9 officers as a group Class B 84,449,313 7.2 38.5 25.8 * less than 0.1%. (1) Beneficial owners exercise both sole voting and sole investment power unless otherwise stated. Each share of Class A Stock is convertible into
1,500 shares of Class B Stock at the option of the shareholder. As a result, pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a shareholder is deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares of Class B Stock which such
shareholder may acquire upon conversion of the Class A Stock. In order to avoid overstatement, the amount of Class B Stock beneficially owned does not take into account such shares of Class B Stock which may be acquired upon conversion (an
amount which is equal to 1,500 times the number of shares of Class A Stock held by a shareholder). The percentage of outstanding Class B Stock is based on the total number of shares of Class B Stock outstanding as of March 5, 2014 and does
not take into account shares of Class B Stock which may be issued upon conversion of Class A Stock. (2) Mr. Buffett has entered into a voting agreement with Berkshire providing that, should the combined voting power of Berkshire shares as to which
Mr. Buffett has or shares voting and investment power exceed 49.9% of Berkshire’s total voting power, he will vote those shares in excess of that percentage proportionately with votes of the other Berkshire shareholders. (3) Includes 859 Class A shares and 270,137 Class B shares held by a private foundation for which Mr. Buffett possesses voting and investment
power but with respect to which he disclaims any beneficial interest. (4) Includes 4,050 Class A shares held by a single-member limited liability company of which Mr. Gates is the sole member and 80,319,904 Class
B shares owned by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust of which Mr. Gates and his wife are co-trustees but with respect to which Mr. and Mrs. Gates disclaim any beneficial interest. (5) Includes 12,738 Class A shares and 2,363,643 Class B shares as to which Mr. Gottesman or his wife has shared voting power and 12,291
Class A shares and 2,344,020 Class B shares as to which Mr. Gottesman or his wife has shared investment power. Mr. Gottesman has a pecuniary interest in 8,201 Class A shares and 2,843 Class B shares included herein. (6) Does not include 8 Class A shares owned by Mr. Keough’s wife and 60 Class B shares held by a family partnership to which
Mr. Keough disclaims any beneficial interest. (7) Includes 282 Class A shares held in a grantor retained annuity trust and includes 67 Class A shares and 26,468 Class B shares owned by
three trusts for which Mr. Murphy is a trustee and the beneficiary. (8) Includes 146 Class A shares held by three trusts for which Mr. Olson is sole trustee but with respect to which Mr. Olson disclaims
any beneficial interest. (9) Does not include 2 Class A shares owned by Ms. Witmer’s husband and 2 Class A shares owned by her two children. 8 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Berkshire’s program regarding compensation of its executive officers is different from most public company programs.
Mr. Buffett’s and Mr. Munger’s compensation is reviewed annually by the Governance Committee of the Corporation’s Board of Directors. Due to Mr. Buffett’s and Mr. Munger’s desire that their compensation
remain unchanged, the Committee has not proposed an increase in Mr. Buffett’s or Mr. Munger’s compensation since the Committee was created in 2004. Prior to that time Mr. Buffett recommended to the Board of Directors the
amount of his compensation and Mr. Munger’s. Mr. Buffett’s and Mr. Munger’s annual compensation has each been $100,000 for more than 25 years and Mr. Buffett has advised the Committee that he would not expect or
desire such compensation to increase in the future. The Committee has established a policy that: (i) neither the
profitability of Berkshire nor the market value of its stock are to be considered in the compensation of any executive officer; and (ii) all compensation paid to executive officers of Berkshire be deductible under Internal Revenue Code
Section 162(m). Under the Committee’s compensation policy, Berkshire does not grant stock options to executive officers. The Committee has delegated to Mr. Buffett the responsibility for setting the compensation of Mr. Hamburg,
Berkshire’s Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Buffett will on occasion utilize Berkshire personnel
and/or have Berkshire pay for minor items such as postage or phone calls that are personal. Mr. Buffett reimburses Berkshire for these costs by making an annual payment to Berkshire in an amount that is equal to or greater than the costs that
Berkshire has incurred on his behalf. During 2013, Mr. Buffett reimbursed Berkshire $50,000. Berkshire provides personal and home security services for Mr. Buffett. The cost for these services was $385,606 in 2013 and is reflected in the
Summary Compensation Table as a component of Mr. Buffett’s “All Other Compensation.” It should be noted that many large companies maintain security departments that provide costly services to top executives but for which no
itemization is provided in their proxy statements. Mr. Buffett and Mr. Munger do not use Company cars or belong to clubs to which the Company pays dues. It should also be noted that neither Mr. Buffett nor Mr. Munger utilizes
corporate-owned aircraft for personal use. Each of them is personally a fractional NetJets owner, paying standard rates, and they use Berkshire-owned aircraft for business purposes only. Factors considered by Mr. Buffett in setting Mr. Hamburg’s salary are typically subjective, such as his perception of
Mr. Hamburg’s performance and any changes in functional responsibility. Mr. Buffett also sets the compensation for each of the CEO’s of Berkshire’s significant operating businesses. He utilizes many different incentive
arrangements, with their terms dependent on such elements as the economic potential or capital intensity of the business. The incentives can be large and are always tied to the operating results for which the CEO has authority. These incentives are
related to measures over which the CEO has control. The following table discloses the compensation received for the three
years ended December 31, 2013 by the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, its other executive officer and its Chief Financial Officer. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Annual Compensation All Other Compensation Total Compensation Salary Bonus Warren E. Buffett 2013 $ 100,000 — $ 385,606 (2) $ 485,606 Chief Executive Officer/ 2012 100,000 — 323,923 (2) 423,923 Chairman of the Board 2011 100,000 — 391,925 (2) 491,925 Charles T. Munger (1) 2013 100,000 — — 100,000 Vice Chairman of the Board 2012 100,000 — — 100,000 2011 100,000 — — 100,000 Marc D. Hamburg 2013 1,125,000 — 12,750 (3) 1,137,750 Senior Vice President/CFO 2012 1,025,000 — 12,500 (3) 1,037,500 2011 962,500 — 12,250 (3) 974,750 (1) Mr. Munger is compensated by a Berkshire subsidiary. (2) Represents the costs of personal and home security services provided for Mr. Buffett and paid by Berkshire (2013 — $385,606, 2012 —
$323,923 and 2011 — $346,925) and the value of director’s fees ($45,000 in 2011) received by Mr. Buffett from serving on the Board of Directors of The Washington Post Company in which Berkshire had a significant ownership interest. (3) Represents contributions to a subsidiary’s defined contribution plan in which Mr. Hamburg participates. 9 Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee Report We have reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis to be included in the Company’s 2014
Shareholder Meeting Schedule 14A Proxy Statement, filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Proxy”). Based on the review and discussion referred to above, we recommend that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis referred to above be included in the Company’s Proxy. Submitted by the members of the Governance,
Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors. Walter Scott, Jr., Chairman David S. Gottesman Susan L. Decker Meryl B. Witmer Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Corporation’s officers and directors, and persons who own more
than 10% of a registered class of the Corporation’s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange. Officers, directors and greater than
ten-percent shareholders are required by the regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission to furnish the Corporation with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, and written representations from certain reporting persons that no Section 16(a) forms were required for those persons, the
Corporation believes that during 2013 all filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than ten-percent shareholders were complied with. Independent Public Accountants Deloitte & Touche LLP
(“Deloitte”) served as the Corporation’s principal independent public accountants for 2013. Representatives from that firm will be present at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, will be given the opportunity to make a statement if
they so desire and will be available to respond to any appropriate questions. The Corporation has not selected independent public accountants for the current year, since its normal practice is for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to
make such selection later in the year. The following table shows the fees paid or accrued for audit services and fees paid for
audit-related, tax and all other services rendered by Deloitte for each of the last two years (in millions): 2013 2012 Audit Fees (a) $ 30.7 $ 26.3 Audit-Related Fees (b) 1.8 1.7 Tax Fees (c) 1.2 1.4 $ 33.7 $ 29.4 (a) Audit fees include fees for the audit of the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements and interim reviews of the Corporation’s quarterly financial
statements, audit services provided in connection with required statutory audits of many of the Corporation’s insurance subsidiaries and certain of its non-insurance subsidiaries and comfort letters, consents and other services related to
Securities and Exchange Commission matters. (b) Audit-related fees primarily include fees for certain audits of subsidiaries not required for purposes of Deloitte’s audit of the Corporation’s
consolidated financial statements or for any other statutory or regulatory requirements, audits of certain subsidiary employee benefit plans and consultations on various accounting and reporting matters. (c) Tax fees include fees for services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and
international tax compliance, tax return preparation and tax audits. The Audit Committee has considered
whether the non-audit services provided to the Company by Deloitte impaired the independence of Deloitte and concluded that they did not. All of the services performed by Deloitte were pre-approved in accordance with the pre-approval policy adopted by the Audit Committee on May 5, 2003. The policy provides guidelines for audit, audit
related, tax and other non-audit services that may be provided by Deloitte to the Company. The policy (a) identifies the guiding principles that must be considered by the Audit Committee in approving services to ensure that Deloitte’s
independence is not impaired; (b) describes the audit, audit-related and tax services that may be provided and the non-audit services that are prohibited; and (c) sets forth pre-approval requirements for all permitted services. Under the
policy, requests to provide services that require specific approval by the Audit Committee will be submitted to the Audit Committee by both the Company’s 10 independent auditor and its Chief Financial Officer. All requests for services to be provided by the independent auditor that do not require specific approval by the Audit Committee will be
submitted to the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and must include a detailed description of the services to be rendered. The Chief Financial Officer will determine whether such services are included within the list of services that have
received the general pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will be informed on a timely basis of any such services rendered by the independent auditor. Report of the Audit Committee February 26, 2014 To the Board of Directors of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. We have reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries to be set forth in the Corporation’s 2013 Annual Report to Shareholders and at Item 8
of the Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 with management of the Corporation and Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants for the Corporation. We have discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP the matters required to be discussed by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (“PCAOB”), as adopted in Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communications with Audit Committees). We have received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte & Touche LLP required by the applicable PCAOB requirements
for independent accountant communications with audit committees with respect to auditor independence and have discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP its independence from the Corporation. It is not the duty of the Audit Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that the Corporation’s financial statements are
complete and accurate and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; that is the responsibility of management and the Corporation’s independent public accountants. In giving its recommendation to the Board of Directors, the
Audit Committee has relied on (i) management’s representation that such financial statements have been prepared with integrity and objectivity and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and (ii) the reports of the
Corporation’s independent public accountants with respect to such financial statements. Based on the review and
discussions with management of the Corporation and Deloitte & Touche LLP referred to above, we recommend to the Board of Directors that the Corporation publish the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and subsidiaries for
the year ended December 31, 2013 in the Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the Corporation’s 2013 Annual Report to Shareholders. Submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Thomas S. Murphy, Chairman Charlotte Guyman Susan L. Decker Donald R. Keough 2. ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION At the Company’s 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, 98.9% of the votes cast on the advisory vote on the executive compensation proposal were in favor of our executive compensation policies. The
Board of Directors and Governance Committee reviewed these results and determined that, given the significant level of support, no changes to our executive compensation policies were necessary at that time. In addition, at the Company’s 2011
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, 83.6% of the votes cast were in favor of holding an advisory vote on executive compensation every three years. The Governance Committee reviewed these results and determined that the Company’s shareholders should
vote on a say-on-pay proposal every three years. Accordingly, a say-on-pay vote is being taken at this year’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Resolved, that the shareholders of the Company approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company’s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation
S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the accompanying compensation tables, and the related narrative discussion, in the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. This is an advisory vote, and is not binding on the Company. The Board and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee, which is
comprised of independent directors, expect to take into account the outcome of this vote when considering future executive compensation decisions to the extent they can determine the cause or causes of any significant negative voting results.
Shareholders are 11 encouraged to read the Company’s disclosure pursuant to Item 402, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the accompanying compensation tables, and the related narrative
disclosure, in this proxy statement. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory
basis, of the resolution approving the Company’s executive compensation. Proxies given without instructions will be voted FOR approval of this resolution. 3. ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF AN ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Section 14A of the Exchange Act, in addition to providing shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on executive
compensation, requires that the Company not less frequently than every 6 years provide shareholders with an advisory vote on whether the advisory vote on executive compensation should be held every one, two or three years. The last such vote
occurred at the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board continues to believe that a frequency of “every three
years” for the advisory vote on executive compensation is the most appropriate choice for conducting and responding to a “say-on-pay” vote for the Company. Shareholders who have concerns about executive compensation during the
interval between “say-on-pay” votes are welcome to bring their specific concerns to the attention of the Board. Please refer to “Communications with the Board of Directors” in this proxy statement for information about
communicating with the Board. The proxy card provides shareholders with the opportunity to choose among four options (holding
the vote every one, two or three years, or abstaining) and, therefore, shareholders will not be voting to approve or disapprove the Board’s recommendation. Shareholders are being asked to vote on the following resolution: RESOLVED,
that the shareholders of the Company determine, on an advisory basis, that the frequency with which the shareholders of the Company shall have an advisory vote on the compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers set forth in the
Company’s proxy statement is: Choice 1 – every year; Choice 2 – every two years; Choice 3 – every three years; or Choice 4 – abstain from
voting. Although this advisory vote on the frequency of the “say-on-pay” vote is non-binding, the Board and the
Governance Committee will take into account the outcome of the vote when considering the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote for “Choice 3 – every three years” for future advisory votes on executive compensation, and proxies given without instructions will be so
voted. 4. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL Meyer Family Enterprises, LLC, owns 19 shares of Class B Common Stock and has given notice that a representative of Meyer Family
Enterprises, LLC intends to present for action at the meeting the following proposal. RESOLVED: That Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
(“Berkshire”) establish reasonable, quantitative goals for reduction of greenhouse gas and other air emissions at its energy-generating holdings; and that Berkshire publish a report to shareholders by January 31, 2015 (at reasonable
cost and omitting proprietary information) on how it will achieve these goals – including possible plans to retrofit or retire existing coal-burning plants at Berkshire-held companies. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: Berkshire Hathaway owns MidAmerican Energy Holdings
(“MidAmerican”), whose subsidiaries have historically generated roughly 47% of their electricity burning coal. With appreciation for MidAmerican’s recent investments in renewable generation, coal-burning plants continue to create
liabilities. Electricity generation accounts for more carbon dioxide (“CO 2 ”) emissions than any other sector – more, even, than
transportation or industry. US fossil fuel-powered plants (like MidAmerican’s) account 12 for nearly 40% of domestic and 10% of global CO 2 pollution. Independent economists and scientists state that cutting greenhouse gas emissions in the near-term is far more cost-effective than paying for greenhouse gas-related damage in the future. Therefore, it serves Berkshire shareholders to take proactive steps that avoid greenhouse gas emissions and impending
regulation. This is important to independent shareowners. In 2013, 34.4% of independent shareholders (shares not owned by Berkshire boardmembers or executive officers) ignored the Board’s recommendation against this request for reasonable goals
and thoughtful planning. Some companies feel no qualms about reaping profits from coal-burning electricity plants while imposing the costs of pollution and harms
to public health onto society at large (“externalizing” costs). But with Berkshire, externalizing costs of coal-burning subsidiaries can result in damage that boomerangs back on the company – in harm to employees at MidAmerican
plants, and through claims paid by Berkshire insurance subsidiaries. The US Environmental Protection Agency, under the Clean
Air Act, now requires new or modified electricity-generating plants to limit greenhouse gas emissions. They issued two significant rules, which together set stringent limits on a range of harmful emissions from power plants. When both rules are fully enforced, Bernstein Research estimates that 15% of coal-fired power plants will be forced to close – unable
to meet new safety standards – or will require substantial new investment to remain viable. Numerous peers to
Berkshire’s MidAmerican have established plans to replace their coal-fired plants – including Calpine Corporation, Progress Energy, and Xcel Energy. Other peers have set concrete targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions – including American Electric Power, Consolidated Edison, Duke Energy, Entergy, Exelon, and National Grid. Still other peers have set greenhouse gas intensity targets – including CMS Energy, NiSource, Pinnacle West, and PSEG Power. These forward-looking companies recognize that using natural gas, efficiency, and renewable energy are more profitable than
retrofitting coal-fired plants – which are seen as being obsolete, inefficient, and highly polluting. Following
MidAmerican’s investment in renewable generation assets, shareholders need amplification on Berkshire’s overall plan to respond to climate disruption. Therefore, please vote FOR this reasonable request for planning. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS: A proposal that was substantially identical to the current shareholder proposal was put forth by two other shareholders in two of the last
three years. The Board of Directors reasons for recommending a vote against those proposals have not changed. The most recent response provided by the Board of Directors in 2013 updated for certain changes in Berkshire’s energy-generating
holdings during the past year follows. The Board of Directors does not believe that establishing quantitative goals for the
reduction of greenhouse gas and other air emissions at its energy-generating holdings and that publishing a report that includes plans to retrofit or retire existing coal-burning plants is a prudent exercise to undertake and recommends that our
shareholders vote against this proposal. We recognize the importance of reducing greenhouse gas and other emissions to our shareholders and the future of Berkshire and its subsidiary companies. Our four regulated electric utilities, including
recently acquired Nevada Power Company and Sierra Pacific Power Company, have reduced greenhouse gases intensity by over 17% since 2000 in addition to reducing the intensity of emissions by approximately 58% for sulfur dioxide, 59% for nitrogen
oxides and 33% for mercury. Beyond the reductions achieved to date, additional emission reductions will be achieved through
the planned retirement of ten coal-fueled units between 2014 and 2019, fuel switching from coal to natural gas at two units between 2015 and 2017, retrofitting of remaining facilities with additional emission controls, and the deployment of an
additional 1,050 megawatts of wind generation by 2015. These reductions do not include the benefits of MidAmerican’s
investments through its non-utility renewables group in 1,419 megawatts of solar generating capacity (647 megawatts are currently in service) 13 or 381 megawatts of wind generating capacity. Even without the additional non-utility renewable capacity, the MidAmerican utilities are the largest rate-regulated owners of renewable generation.
The MidAmerican utilities have significantly reduced and avoided greenhouse gases and other emissions through the deployment of renewable generation and planned changes in their generating fleets. However, establishing reduction goals at this time
as environmental regulation and legislation remains uncertain would be contrary to the responsibilities of our rate-regulated utilities and to our customers whose utility bills could be dramatically affected. Proxies given without instructions will be voted Against this shareholder proposal. 5. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL David Witt, 8050 Hosbrook Road, Cincinnati, OH 45236, owns 70 shares of Class B Common Stock and has given notice that he or his
representative intends to present for action the following proposal. RESOLVED: Whereas the corporation has more money than it needs and
since the owners unlike Warren are not multi billionaires, the board shall consider paying a meaningful annual dividend on the shares. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS: The Board of Directors does not believe this proposal is necessary in light of the fact that on an annual basis the Board of Directors does in fact consider whether or not the Corporation should continue
to retain all of its earnings. If the Board of Directors should decide not to retain all earnings, it will follow the principles outlined in detail in the 2012 Annual Report. Proxies given without instructions will be voted Against this shareholder proposal. 6. OTHER MATTERS As of the
date of this statement your management knows of no business to be presented to the meeting that is not referred to in the accompanying notice other than the approval of the minutes of the last Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which action will not be
construed as approval or disapproval of any of the matters referred to in such minutes. As to other business that may properly come before the meeting, it is intended that proxies properly executed and returned will be voted in respect thereof at
the discretion of the person voting the proxies in accordance with his or her best judgment, including upon any shareholder proposal about which the Corporation did not receive timely notice. Annual Report The Annual Report to the Shareholders for 2013 accompanies this proxy statement, but is not deemed a part of the proxy soliciting material. A copy of the 2013 Form 10-K report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, excluding exhibits, will be mailed to
shareholders without charge upon written request to: Sharon L. Heck, Secretary, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131. Such request must set forth a good-faith representation that the requesting party was either a holder of
record or a beneficial owner of Class A or Class B Stock of the Corporation on March 5, 2014. Exhibits to the Form 10-K will be mailed upon similar request and payment of specified fees. The 2013 Form 10-K is also available through the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s Web site (www.sec.gov). Proposals of Shareholders Any shareholder proposal intended to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for presentation at the 2015 Annual Meeting must
be received by the Corporation by November 18, 2014. The proposal must be in accordance with the provisions of Rule 14a-8 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is suggested the
proposal be submitted by certified mail – return receipt requested. Shareholders who intend to present a proposal at the 2015 Annual Meeting without including such proposal in the Corporation’s proxy statement must provide the Corporation
notice of such proposal no later than January 31, 2015. The Corporation reserves the right to reject, rule out of order or take other appropriate action with respect to any proposal that does not comply with these and other applicable
requirements. By order of the Board of Directors SHARON L. HECK, Secretary Omaha, Nebraska March 14, 2014 14 P R O X Y BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 3, 2014 This Proxy is
Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directors The undersigned hereby appoints Marc D. Hamburg and Walter Scott, Jr., or either of them, as proxies, with power of substitution to each proxy and substitute, to vote the Class A Common Stock (CLA) and
Class B Common Stock (CLB) of the undersigned at the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and at any adjournment thereof, as indicated on the reverse hereof on the matters specified, and as said proxies may determine in the
exercise of their best judgment on any other matters which may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. IF PROPERLY EXECUTED AND RETURNED, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS SPECIFIED OR, IF NOT SPECIFIED, WILL BE VOTED FOR ELECTING ALL
DIRECTOR NOMINEES; FOR THE ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AS WELL AS FOR A 3 YEAR FREQUENCY OF A VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION; AND AGAINST THE TWO SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS. PLEASE SIGN ON THE REVERSE SIDE AND MAIL PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE SEE REVERSE SIDE SEE REVERSE SIDE x Please mark votes as in this example. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 3, 2014. The Board Recommends a Vote For All Nominees. The following material is available at www.berkshirehathaway.com/eproxy. Proxy Statement Annual Report 1. Election of Directors Nominees: Warren E. Buffett, Charles T. Munger, Howard G. Buffett, Stephen B. Burke, Susan L. Decker, William H.
Gates III, David S. Gottesman, Charlotte Guyman, Donald R. Keough, Thomas S. Murphy, Ronald L. Olson, Walter Scott, Jr. and Meryl B. Witmer MARK HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE AND NOTE AT LEFT ¨ ¨ FOR ALL NOMINEES ¨ WITHHELD FROM
ALL NOMINEES Please sign exactly as your name appears. If acting as attorney, executor, trustee or in representative capacity, sign
name and title. ¨ Signature: Date For, except vote withheld from the above nominee(s). Signature: Date The Board Recommends a Vote For Item 2. 2. Non-binding resolution to approve the compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers, as described in the 2014 Proxy Statement. ¨ FOR ¨ AGAINST ¨ ABSTAIN The Board of Directors Recommends You Vote For a “3 Year” Frequency. 3. Non-binding resolution to determine the frequency (whether annual, biennial or triennial) with which shareholders of the Company shall be entitled to
have an advisory vote on executive compensation. ¨ 1 YEAR ¨ 2 YEAR ¨ 3 YEAR ¨ ABSTAIN The Board Recommends a Vote Against Item 4. 4. Shareholder proposal regarding greenhouse gas and other air emissions. ¨ FOR ¨ AGAINST ¨ ABSTAIN The Board Recommends a Vote Against Item 5. 5. Shareholder proposal regarding dividends. ¨ FOR ¨ AGAINST ¨ ABSTAIN