DEF 14A 1 d353100ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 VISA INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement,
if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ☐ Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 2023 Table of Contents Dear Fellow Stockholder, On behalf of the Board of Directors, we want to thank you for your investment in Visa and encourage you to vote your shares by proxy at this year’s
Annual Meeting. There are five matters on the agenda: the election of directors, Say-on-Pay, advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes on executive
compensation, ratification of the auditors, and one stockholder proposal. At Visa, we are guided by our purpose, which is to uplift everyone,
everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid. Our purpose is demonstrated in our business and in our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) efforts, which are an important priority for Visa and continue to be an increasing focus for our
investors, partners, and employees, as well as governments and other stakeholders. Our Board oversees our ESG strategy and activities at both the
full Board and committee levels, with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee having formal responsibility for oversight of our ESG policies and programs. Throughout the year, we made significant progress across each of our five ESG
pillars: Empowering People & Economies, Securing Commerce & Protecting Customers, Investing in Our Workforce, Protecting the Planet, and Operating Responsibly. Some highlights across these pillars include: • We have helped digitally enable over 40 million small and micro businesses as of September 2022, as we work toward
our goal of reaching 50 million by the end of 2023. • We have invested over $10 billion in technology over the last five years, including to reduce fraud and enhance
network security. • We achieved the highest rating in our sector from Gartner Consulting during our 2022 cybersecurity program review. • We supported more than 6,000 employees from 58 countries who volunteered more than 55,000 hours to strengthen the
communities in which we live and work. • We completed the first year of the Visa Black Scholars and Jobs Program, hosted the inaugural Visa Black Scholars
Summit, and welcomed our second cohort of scholars to continue building on the momentum of the program. • We received third party validation of our 2030 science-based target as an interim goal toward our 2040 net zero target.
This builds on Visa’s achievement of purchasing 100% renewable electricity and attaining carbon neutrality for our operations in 2020. • We advanced on our aspiration to be a climate positive company through expanded sustainability solutions, such as the
Visa Eco Benefits bundle, for our clients. • We continued to receive recognition of our ESG leadership from third-party organizations, including inclusion in the
Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the fifth consecutive year, and Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies for the tenth consecutive year. This year, Visa’s corporate governance practices continued to help promote long-term value and strong Board and management accountability to our
diverse set of stakeholders. The Board is focused on prioritizing the right mix of skills, qualifications, experiences, tenure, and diversity to promote and support Visa’s long-term strategy. Women comprise 30% of the Board’s nominees, and
40% of the Board’s nominees are racially or ethnically diverse. During 2022 we welcomed two independent directors to the Board, Teri L. List and Kermit R. Crawford. Teri and Kermit each bring decades of senior leadership experience to the
Board, providing diverse perspectives and expertise that will be invaluable to Visa. In addition, Mary Cranston and Bob Matschullat will be retiring from the Board at this year’s Annual Meeting after contributing 15 years of distinguished
leadership and service, including as committee chairs, and with Bob serving as our former Chairman of the Board. On behalf of the Board, we sincerely thank Mary and Bob for their dedicated service and many contributions to Visa over the years. Finally, as we have recently announced, we are pleased to share that Ryan McInerney will be Visa’s next Chief Executive Officer, and Al Kelly will
move to the role of Executive Chairman, both effective February 1, 2023. The Board of Directors also expects to appoint Ryan to the Board effective upon his transition to Chief Executive Officer. This leadership change reflects the Board’s
thoughtful and well-established approach to succession. Ryan is a very seasoned leader in the payments and consumer banking industry. In his role as President over the past 10 years, Ryan has been responsible for Visa’s global businesses,
delivering value to the company’s financial Table of Contents institutions, acquirers, merchants, and partners in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. He has overseen the company’s market teams, business units, product team,
merchant team, and client services. We look forward to working with Ryan to continue to drive Visa’s success, growth, and innovation. Thank
you for your continued support of Visa, and we look forward to your attendance at this year’s Annual Meeting. Al Kelly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Lundgren Lead Independent Director Table of Contents Items of Business 1. To elect the ten director nominees named in this proxy statement; 2. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers; 3. To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve executive compensation; 4. To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2023; 5. To vote on a stockholder proposal requesting an independent board chair policy; and 6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement
thereof. The proxy statement more fully describes these proposals. Record Date Holders of our
Class A common stock at the close of business on November 25, 2022 are entitled to notice of and to vote on all proposals at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Attending the Annual Meeting The meeting will be held on Tuesday, January 24, 2023 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. Log-in begins at 8:15 a.m.
Eligible holders of our Class A common stock will be able to attend the meeting online, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 . To participate in the virtual meeting, you will need the 16-digit control
number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card, or voting instruction form. Please refer to the “Attending the Meeting” section of the proxy statement for more details about attending the Annual
Meeting online. This year’s meeting will be held exclusively online; we are not holding an in-person meeting. Proxy Voting Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting online, please vote at your earliest convenience by following the instructions
in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy card you received in the mail. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted. Please refer to the “Voting and Meeting Information” section of the proxy
statement for additional information. On December 1, 2022, we released the proxy materials to the stockholders of our Class A
common stock and sent to these stockholders (other than those Class A stockholders who previously requested electronic or paper delivery) a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access our proxy
materials, including our proxy statement and our fiscal year 2022 Annual Report, and to vote through the Internet or by telephone. By Order of the Board of
Directors Kelly Mahon Tullier Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer, and
Corporate Secretary San Francisco, California December 1, 2022 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on January 24, 2023. The proxy statement and Visa’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2022 are available at investor.visa.com . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 10 Board Leadership Structure 10 Board of Directors and Committee Evaluations 11 Director Succession Planning and Board Refreshment 11 Independence of Directors 12 Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors 12 Limitation on Other Board and Audit Committee Service 13 Management Development and Succession Planning 13 The Board of Directors’ Role in Risk Oversight 14 Stockholder Engagement 15 Communicating with the Board of Directors 16 Attendance at Board, Committee, and Annual Stockholder Meetings 16 Codes of Conduct and Ethics 16 Political Engagement and Disclosure 16 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) 17 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 21 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 22 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 22 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 24 Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs 24 Process for Nomination of Director Candidates 27 Stockholder Recommended Candidates 27 Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity 28 COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 29 Highlights of our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 29 Annual Retainers Paid in Cash 30 Equity Compensation 30 Stock Ownership Guidelines 31 Charitable Matching Gift Program 31 Director Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 31 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 32 Fiscal Year 2023 Director Compensation 33 PROPOSAL 1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 34 DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES 36 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES 41 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 43 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 45 Executive Summary 45 Components of Executive Compensation 46 Say-on-Pay 50 Setting Executive Compensation 50 Summary of Fiscal Year 2022 Base Salary and Incentive Compensation 52 Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation 53 Fiscal Year 2023 Compensation 64 Other Equity Grant Practices and Policies 65 Recoupment Policies 66 Tax Implications – Deductibility of Executive Compensation 67 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 68 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 68 All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2022 Table 70 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2022 Table 71 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End Table 73 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for Fiscal Year 2022 76 Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2022 76 Visa Retirement Plan 77 Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 77 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 78 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 81 CEO PAY RATIO 85 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 86 PROPOSAL 2 – APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 87 PROPOSAL 3 – ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 87 PROPOSAL 4 – RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF KPMG LLP 88 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES 89 PROPOSAL 5 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIR POLICY 90 VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION 94 Information About Solicitation and Voting 94 Who Can Vote 94 How to Vote 95 Change or Revoke a Proxy or Vote 95 How Proxies Are Voted 96 Proxy Solicitor 97 Voting Results 97 Viewing the List of Stockholders 98 Attending the Meeting 98 Submitting Questions for Our Virtual Annual Meeting 98 OTHER INFORMATION 99 Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2024 Annual
Meeting 99 Stockholders Sharing the Same Address 99 Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report and SEC Filings 100 i Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should
consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR 2023 ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time Tuesday, January 24, 2023 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Place This year’s meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast
at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 Record Date November 25, 2022 VOTING MATTERS Proposals Board Recommendation Page Number for Additional Information 1 Election of ten director
nominees FOR (each nominee) 34 2 Approval, on an advisory basis, of compensation
 paid to our named executive officers FOR 87 3 Advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory
 votes to approve executive compensation ONE YEAR 87 4 Ratification of the appointment of our independent
 registered public accounting firm FOR 88 5 To vote on a stockholder proposal requesting
 an independent board chair policy AGAINST 90 1 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to corporate governance practices that promote long-term value and strengthen Board and management accountability to our stockholders,
customers, and other stakeholders. Information regarding our corporate governance framework begins on page 10, which includes the following highlights: Number of director nominees 10 Demonstrated commitment to Board refreshment Percentage of independent director nominees 90% Annual Board, committee, and director evaluations Directors attended at least 75% of meetings Regularly focus on director succession planning Annual election of directors Risk oversight by full Board and committees Majority voting for directors Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers Proxy access (3%/3 years) Proactive, ongoing engagement with stockholders Robust Lead Independent Director duties ESG oversight by full Board and committees Regular executive sessions of independent directors Political Participation, Lobbying and Contributions Policy 2 Table of Contents Snapshot of 2023 Director Nominees Our director nominees exhibit an effective mix of diversity, experience, and perspectives Director Since Committee Memberships Other Current Public Boards Name Principal Occupation Independent ARC CC FC NCGC Lloyd A. Carney 2015 Founder and Chief Acquisition Officer, Carney Technology Acquisition Corp II ✓ 2 Kermit R. Crawford 2022 Director ✓ (1) (1) 2 Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal 2007 Director General, Servicios Administrativos Contry SA de CV ✓ ● ● 3 Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 2014 Chairman and CEO, Visa – – Ramon Laguarta 2019 Chairman and CEO, PepsiCo, Inc. ✓ ● ● 1 Teri L. List 2022 Director ✓ ● ● 3 John F. Lundgren 2017 Lead Independent Director, Visa ✓ ● ● 1 Denise M. Morrison 2018 Founder, Denise Morrison & Associates, LLC ✓ ● 2 Linda J. Rendle 2020 CEO, The Clorox Company ✓ ● ● 1 Maynard G. Webb,
Jr. 2014 Founder, Webb Investment Network ✓ ● 1 ARC = Audit and Risk Committee     CC =
Compensation Committee     FC = Finance Committee NCGC = Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee = Chair ● = Member (1) Kermit R. Crawford will join the ARC and NCGC effective January 1, 2023. 3 Table of Contents Our Compensation Philosophy, Principles, and Key Elements The compensation program for our named executive officers (NEOs) helps us attract and retain key talent and promote performance that enhances
stockholder value and drives long-term strategic outcomes, including the Company’s broader ESG efforts. There are three primary principles
that guide our compensation program design and administration: (1) pay for performance; (2) promote alignment with stakeholders’ interests; and (3) attract, motivate, and retain key talent. We tie a substantial portion of our NEOs’ target annual compensation to the achievement of pre-established financial and non-financial objectives that support our business strategy, with a mix that balances short- and long-term performance goals. Further, our annual incentive plan incorporates ESG metrics that are
tied to the Company’s strategic objectives. Our long-term equity awards align the interests of our NEOs with our stakeholders’ interests and link a substantial portion of compensation to the achievement of earnings per share (EPS) results
that drive stockholder value and relative total shareholder return (TSR). For fiscal year 2022, 94% of the target total direct compensation for our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was variable and at risk, and an average of 92% was variable and at risk for our other NEOs. Compensation Component Link to Strategy Strategy & Performance Alignment Annual Incentive Plan ● Based
on a scorecard that incorporates metrics in four categories, each of which is aligned with our corporate strategy: Financial; Client; Foundational; and Operational Excellence, Talent, & ESG ● Year-end performance is evaluated against pre-established performance
goals in the scorecard ● Final payout is based on the Compensation Committee’s analysis of the Company’s performance against all scorecard metrics and individual
performance Aligns NEOs’ interests with stakeholders’ interests by: ● rewarding performance for achievement of strategic goals, which are designed to position the Company competitively ● promoting strong financial results and stockholder value Long-Term Equity Awards ● Substantial portion of compensation is linked to achievement of long-term corporate performance using equity incentives, including performance shares
based on EPS and relative TSR results over three years ● Individual
 performance, which is tied to our strategic objectives, is considered in setting the value of our NEOs’ long-term equity grants ● The
number of performance shares that ultimately vests at the end of the three-year performance period is formulaic and based on pre-established performance conditions Further aligns NEOs’ interests with stakeholders’ interests by: ● taking company and individual performance into account in determining equity grant values ● linking a substantial portion of long-term compensation to the achievement of EPS results that drive stockholder value and relative
TSR 4 Table of Contents Principles of our Compensation Program Pay for Performance The key principle of our compensation philosophy is pay for performance. We favor variable “at risk” pay opportunities over fixed pay, with a significant portion of our NEOs’ total
compensation determined based on performance against annual and long-term goals and stockholder return. Promote Alignment with Stakeholders’ Interests We reward performance that meets or exceeds the goals that the Compensation Committee establishes with the objective of increasing stockholder value over time, aligning with other stakeholders’
interests, and driving long-term strategic outcomes, including the Company’s broader ESG efforts. Attract, Motivate, and Retain Key Talent We design our compensation program to attract, motivate, and retain key talent. Key Elements of our Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Program EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS WHAT WE DO: Pay for performance Annual say-on-pay vote Recoupment policies Short-term and long-term incentives/measures Capped incentive awards Independent compensation consultant Stock ownership guidelines Limited perquisites Proactive, ongoing engagement with stockholders Pay linked to ESG
factors WHAT WE DO NOT DO: Gross-up excise
taxes Reprice stock options Provide fixed-term
employment agreements Provide for single-trigger severance
arrangements Allow hedging and
pledging of Visa securities 5 Table of Contents FISCAL YEAR 2022 COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, Visa delivered strong financial results, with net revenues, net income, and EPS all up more than
20% year-over-year . NET REVENUES GAAP NET INCOME NON-GAAP NET INCOME (1) $29.3B $15.0B $16.0B up 22% from prior year up 21% from prior year up 24% from prior year DIVIDENDS & GAAP EPS NON-GAAP EPS (1) SHARE BUYBACKS $7.00 $7.50 $14.8B up 24% from prior year up 27% from prior year up 29% from prior year (1) For further information regarding non-GAAP adjustments, including a
reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, please see Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Overview in our 2022
Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2022. BOARD’S ROLE IN LONG-TERM STRATEGIC PLANNING The Board takes an active role with management to formulate and review Visa’s long-term corporate strategy. Each quarter, the Board and management
confer on the execution of our long-term strategic plans, and the status of key initiatives, opportunities, and risks facing Visa. In addition, the Board regularly conducts in-depth long-term strategic reviews
with our senior management team. During these reviews, the Board and management discuss the payments landscape, emerging technological and competitive threats, and short- and long-term plans and priorities within our strategy. Additionally, the Board annually discusses and approves the budget and capital requests, which are firmly linked to Visa’s long-term strategic
plans and priorities. Through these processes, the Board brings its collective, independent judgment to bear on the most critical long-term strategic issues facing Visa. For more information on our long-term strategy and the progress we made against
our strategic goals in fiscal year 2022, please see our 2022 Annual Report, including the letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., to our stockholders. 6 Table of Contents TALENT AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Attracting, developing, and advancing the best people globally is crucial to all aspects of Visa’s activities and long-term success, and is central
to our long-term strategy. Best-in-class, diverse teams and an inclusive culture inspire leadership, encourage innovative thinking, and support the development and
advancement of all employees. These guiding principles have been more important than ever in light of the continuing challenges posed by events
such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of developments related to the war in Ukraine. At Visa, we are committed to the health and safety of our employees and their families. In fiscal year 2022, a large
majority of our workforce continued to work remotely for the first half of the year, and we maintained strong safety protocols and procedures consistent with applicable requirements and guidelines for the employees who continued to work on site. To
meet the evolving needs of our workforce, we deepened our commitment to employee wellbeing, through broad engagement with our leadership, targeted programs, and expanded benefits. We also executed a phased approach to reopening our offices, with
employee health and wellbeing as a top priority. We are providing our employees with enhanced flexibility in how and where we work while maintaining collaboration and community. As we plan for the future of work, we expect to monitor and evolve our
approach to continue to provide the right flexible balance for Visa. At Visa, all employees are encouraged and empowered to be leaders through
embracing the Visa Leadership Principles. These Leadership Principles are integrated into core talent processes, and employees are evaluated not only on their performance, but also how they embody the Leadership Principles: We lead by example We excel with partners We communicate openly We act decisively We enable and inspire We collaborate Be accountable Treat others with respect Demonstrate a passion for our business Build strong relationships inside and outside of
Visa Provide excellent customer service Take a solutions- oriented approach Promote a shared vision Communicate effectively Value others’ perspectives Challenge the status quo Decide quickly Learn from our mistakes Inspire success Remove barriers Value inclusivity and diversity Break down silos Engage with our colleagues Deliver as One Team at One Visa The tone and culture of Visa is set at the Board level. The full Board has oversight of human capital management and
performs regular reviews, including annual reviews of succession planning for our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board committees have responsibility for specific areas of human capital management. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is
responsible for director succession and refreshment, as well as management succession and development planning. Our Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing Visa’s programs and practices related to executive workforce inclusion and
diversity as well as the administration of compensation programs in a non-discriminatory manner. Management is responsible for developing policies and processes that reflect and reinforce our desired corporate
culture, including policies and processes related to strategy, risk management, and ethics and compliance. Employee Development and Engagement Visa understands that being an employer of choice requires best-in-class career and skills development along with innovative programs. This year, we introduced a career framework with philosophies and tools for employees to plan their growth and career at Visa. We also implemented new guidelines to drive increased
internal mobility for employees. We support employees in their development through our award-winning Visa University. Our global learning platform, Learning Hub, houses more than 200,000 learning resources on a number of topics, including sales,
technology, product, and leadership development training on our gamified platform. Visa’s annual Learning Festival includes courses taught and facilitated by Visa leaders and external speakers who bring real-world context and ideas for
practical application that are aligned with our goals. 7 Table of Contents We recognize that building an inclusive and high-performing culture requires an engaged workforce,
where employees are motivated to do their best work every day. Our engagement approach centers on communication and recognition. We communicate with our employees in a variety of ways, including biweekly video updates from our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, company intranet, digital signage, email newsletters, live events in regional offices, and quarterly all-staff meetings. Our recognition programs include our Go Beyond platform, where
managers and peers recognize employees who exemplify our leadership principles. In 2022, we created our new Employee Value Proposition, Powering Payments, Empowering People , which is closely linked to our purpose and will be used to attract,
develop, and advance top-notch talent. We assess employee engagement through a variety of channels,
including employee pulse surveys, which provide feedback on a variety of topics, such as company direction and strategy, wellbeing, inclusion and diversity, individual growth and development, collaboration, and confidence and pride. Employee Benefits We believe our employees are critical to
the success of our business, and we structure our total rewards and benefits package to attract and retain a talented and engaged workforce. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees’ needs, providing comprehensive wellbeing,
financial, and quality of life coverage. Our programs vary by location, but may include the following: 8 Table of Contents Inclusion and Diversity Visa believes in an inclusive and diverse workplace where everyone is accepted, everywhere. We are driven to create a culture in which individual
differences, experiences, and capabilities are valued and contribute to our business success. By leveraging the diverse backgrounds and perspectives of our worldwide teams, we are able to achieve better solutions for our clients and create a
connected workplace to attract and advance top talent. Visa’s approach to inclusion and diversity involves the following: We are committed to doing our part to improve our inclusion and increase our diversity. Visa is driving important
change through specific actions, including making progress toward our goals to increase the number of U.S. employees from underrepresented groups, continuing to support the Visa Black Scholars and Jobs Program, and hosting a “Global Inclusion
Talks” series to promote internal education and conversation. We are also providing professional development and mentorship programs, equipping our employees with training and tools to be active allies, and enhancing our supplier diversity
efforts. Workforce Demographics Visa tracks, measures,
and evaluates our workforce representation and impact as part of our strategic business imperative to build a diverse and inclusive organization. We are committed to reporting our workforce demographics annually. Notes: • Demographic data is based on Company records as of September 30, 2022. • Leadership: Defined as Vice President and above. • Others: Defined as American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, and two or more races.
Ethnicity data does not include employees who choose not to disclose or who leave the field blank. 9 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Members of our Board oversee our business through discussions with our Chief Executive Officer; President; Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer; Vice
Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer, and Corporate Secretary; General Counsel; Chief Risk Officer; President, Technology; and other officers and employees, and by reviewing materials provided to them and participating in regular meetings
of the Board and its committees. The Board regularly monitors our corporate governance policies and profile to confirm we meet or exceed the
requirements of applicable laws, regulations and rules, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). We have instituted a variety of practices to foster and maintain responsible corporate governance, which are described in this
section. To learn more about Visa’s corporate governance and to view our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the charters of each of the Board’s committees, please visit the Investor Relations page of
our website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance.” Our Environmental, Social & Governance Report is located on our website at visa.com/esg . You may request a printed copy of any of these documents free of
charge by contacting our Corporate Secretary at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119 or corporatesecretary@visa.com . Board Leadership Structure Al Kelly currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Lundgren serves as Lead Independent Director. While the Company does not
have a policy on whether the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer should be split, the Board believes that the combined role is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders at this time, as this structure allows
Mr. Kelly to effectively manage the business, execute on our strategic priorities, and lead the Board, while empowering Mr. Lundgren to provide independent Board leadership and oversight. The Board believes that Mr. Kelly’s
inclusive leadership style and decades of payments expertise make him uniquely qualified to lead discussions of the Board; foster an important unity of leadership between the Board and management; and promote alignment of the Company’s strategy
with its operational execution. Upon effecting the Chief Executive Officer transition on February 1, 2023, the Board has determined that Mr. Kelly will continue to serve as Executive Chairman. Mr. Lundgren has significant experience as a CEO,
including in a combined role of CEO and Chair, so he is familiar with the combined board leadership structure and the importance of building strong relationships with the various constituencies. To further promote independent leadership, the Board has developed a robust set of responsibilities for the Lead Independent Director role, including: • calling, setting the agenda for, and chairing periodic executive sessions and meetings of the independent directors; • chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Chairperson or when it is deemed appropriate arising from the
Chairperson’s management role or non-independence; • providing feedback to the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer on corporate and Board policies and strategies and
acting as a liaison between the Board and the Chief Executive Officer; • facilitating communication among directors and between the Board and management; • in concert with the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, advising on the agenda, schedule, and materials for Board
meetings and strategic planning sessions based on input from directors; • coordinating with the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, leading the independent
directors’ involvement in Chief Executive Officer succession planning, selection of committee chairs and committee membership, and the Board evaluation process; • coordinating with the Chair of the Compensation Committee and leading the independent directors’ evaluation of
Chief Executive Officer performance and compensation; 10 Table of Contents • communicating with stockholders as necessary; and • carrying out such other duties as are requested by the independent directors, the Board, or any of its committees from
time to time. The Board periodically reviews the Board’s leadership structure and its appropriateness given the needs of the
Board and the Company at such time. In addition to our Lead Independent Director, independent directors chair the Board’s four standing
committees: the Audit and Risk Committee, chaired by Lloyd A. Carney; the Compensation Committee, chaired by Denise M. Morrison; the Finance Committee, chaired by Robert W. Matschullat; and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, chaired
by Maynard G. Webb, Jr. In their capacities as independent committee chairs, Messrs. Carney, Matschullat, and Webb and Ms. Morrison each have responsibilities that contribute to the Board’s oversight of management, as well as facilitating
communication among the Board and management. Board of Directors and Committee Evaluations Our Board recognizes that a robust and constructive Board and committee evaluation process is an essential component of Board effectiveness. As such,
our Board and each of its committees conduct an annual evaluation facilitated by an independent third party, which includes a qualitative assessment by each director of the performance of the Board and the committee or committees on which the
director sits. The Board also conducts an annual peer review, which is designed to assess individual director performance. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in conjunction with the Lead Independent Director, oversees the evaluation
process. Review of Evaluation Process Advanced Questionnaire One-on-One Discussion Evaluation Results NCGC reviews evaluation process annually Covers: • Board efficiency and effectiveness • Board and committee composition • Quality of board discussions • Quality of information and materials provided • Board processes • Board culture One-on-one discussions between independent, third-party facilitator and each director to
solicit their views on the Board’s effectiveness • Preliminary evaluation results are discussed with the NCGC Chair, Board Chair,
and Lead Independent Director • Final evaluation results and recommendations
are discussed with the Board, committees, and individual directors Feedback Incorporated Over the past few years, the evaluation process has led to a broader scope of topics covered in the Board meetings, improvements in Board process, and changes to Board and committee composition and structure. This year’s evaluation identified areas for continued focus,
including: • management,
 director, and committee succession planning; • enhancements to support board effectiveness; • risk
management; and • Board
composition in support of long-term strategy. Director Succession Planning and Board Refreshment In addition to executive and management succession, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly oversees and plans for director
succession and refreshment of the Board to cultivate a mix of skills, experience, tenure, and diversity that promote and support the Company’s long-term strategy. In doing so, the 11 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into consideration the overall needs, composition, and size of the Board, as well as the criteria adopted by the Board regarding director
candidate qualifications, which are described in the section entitled Committees of the Board of Directors – Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity . Individuals identified by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee as qualified to become directors are then recommended to the Board for nomination or election. Independence of Directors The NYSE’s listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of our Board and every member of the Audit and Risk,
Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees must be “independent.” Our Certificate of Incorporation further requires that at least 58% of our Board be independent. Under the NYSE’s listing standards, our
Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Certificate of Incorporation, no director will be considered to be independent unless our Board affirmatively determines that such director has no direct or indirect material relationship with Visa or our
management. Our Board reviews the independence of its members annually and has adopted guidelines to assist it in making its independence determinations. For details, see our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which can be found on the Investor
Relations page of our website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance.” In October 2022, with the assistance of legal
counsel, our Board conducted its annual review of director independence and affirmatively determined that each of our non-employee directors (Lloyd A. Carney, Mary B. Cranston, Kermit R. Crawford, Francisco
Javier Fernández-Carbajal, Ramon Laguarta, Teri L. List, John F. Lundgren, Robert W. Matschullat, Denise M. Morrison, Linda J. Rendle, and Maynard G. Webb, Jr.) is “independent” as that term is defined in the NYSE’s listing
standards, our independence guidelines, and our Certificate of Incorporation. In addition, the Board previously determined that Suzanne Nora Johnson and John Swainson were “independent” while they served on the Board during fiscal year
2022. In making the determination that the directors listed above are independent, the Board considered relevant transactions, relationships, and
arrangements, including those specified in the NYSE listing standards and our independence guidelines, and determined that these relationships were not material relationships that would impair the directors’ independence. In this regard, the
Board considered that certain directors serve as directors of other companies with which the Company engages in ordinary-course-of-business transactions, and that, in
accordance with our director independence guidelines, none of these relationships constitute material relationships that would impair the independence of these individuals. Discretionary contributions to certain charitable organizations with which
some of our directors are affiliated also were considered, and the Board determined that the amounts contributed to each of these charitable organizations in the past fiscal year were less than $120,000 and that these contributions otherwise created
no material relationships that would impair the independence of those individuals. In addition, each member of the Audit and Risk Committee and the
Compensation Committee meets the additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to such committee members under the applicable NYSE rules. Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors The non-employee, independent members of our Board and all committees of the Board generally meet in executive session without management present during their Board and committee meetings. John Lundgren, our Lead
Independent Director, presides over executive sessions of the Board, and the committee chairs, each of whom is independent, preside over executive sessions of the committees. 12 Table of Contents Limitation on Other Board and Audit Committee Service Our Corporate Governance Guidelines establish the following limits on our directors serving on publicly-traded company boards and audit
committees: Director Category Limit on publicly-traded board and committee service, including Visa All directors 4 boards Directors who are executives of a publicly-traded company 2 boards Directors who serve on our Audit and Risk
Committee 3 audit committees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may grant exceptions to the limits on a case-by-case basis after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the request. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that prior to accepting an
invitation to serve on the board or audit committee of another publicly-traded company, a director should advise our Corporate Secretary of the invitation. The Corporate Secretary will review the matter with the Lead Independent Director or the
Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Chief Executive Officer, so that the Board, through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has the opportunity to review the director’s
ability to continue to fulfill his or her responsibilities as a member of the Company’s Board or Audit and Risk Committee. When reviewing such a request, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may consider a number of factors,
including the director’s other time commitments, record of attendance at Board and committee meetings, potential conflicts of interest and other legal considerations, and the impact of the proposed directorship or audit committee service on the
director’s availability. Mr. Carney serves as chief acquisition officer of Carney Technology Acquisition Corp. II (CTAC), a special
purpose acquisition company (SPAC). Mr. Carney reports to the chief executive officer of CTAC and does not serve on the board of directors. Mr. Carney is not considered an executive of a publicly-traded company for purposes of the
Board’s policy limiting service on other public company boards, given that service as an officer of a SPAC does not have the same demands as being an executive officer of a typical publicly-traded company. Ms. List serves on three public company audit committees in addition to being a member of our Audit and Risk Committee. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and the Board considered Ms. List’s service on four public company audit committees, including her professional qualifications, former experience as a public company chief financial officer, and the nature of
and time involved in her service on other boards. Following such review, the Board determined that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of Ms. List to effectively serve on the Company’s Audit and Risk Committee and waived
the limit for service on the Audit and Risk Committee for Ms. List. Management Development and Succession
Planning Our Board believes that one of its primary responsibilities is to oversee the development and retention of executive talent and
to ensure that an appropriate succession plan is in place for our Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management. Each quarter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets with our Vice Chair, Chief People and
Administrative Officer and other executives to discuss management succession and development planning and to address potential vacancies in senior leadership. In addition, the Board annually reviews succession planning for our Chief Executive
Officer. 13 Table of Contents The Board of Directors’ Role in Risk Oversight Our Board recognizes the importance of effective risk oversight in running a successful business and in fulfilling its fiduciary
responsibilities to Visa and its stockholders. While the Chief Executive Officer; President; Chief Risk Officer; General Counsel; Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer; Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer; President, Technology; and
other members of our senior leadership team are responsible for the day-to-day management of risk, our Board is responsible for promoting an appropriate culture of risk
management within the Company and for setting the right “tone at the top,” overseeing our aggregate risk profile, and monitoring how the Company addresses specific risks, such as strategic and competitive risks, financial risks, brand and
reputation risks, cybersecurity and technology risks, ecosystem risks, legal and compliance risks, regulatory risks, and operational risks. Board of Directors • The Board exercises its oversight
responsibility for risk both directly and through its standing committees. • Throughout the year, the Board and each committee spend a
portion of their time reviewing and discussing specific risk topics. • On an annual basis, the Chief Risk Officer and other members of
senior management report on our top enterprise risks, and the steps management has taken or will take to mitigate these risks. • Our President, Technology, provides regular updates to the
Board on technology and cybersecurity, including an annual in-depth review. • Our General Counsel updates the Board regularly on material
legal and regulatory matters. • Written reports also are
provided to and discussed by the Board regularly regarding recent business, legal, regulatory, competitive, and other developments impacting the Company. Audit and Risk Committee Oversees risks related to our enterprise risk management
framework and programs, including: •   financial statements, financial reporting, and internal controls; •   tax strategy; •   legal and
regulatory; •   corporate risk profile, top risks, and key operational risks; •   technology,
including information security and cybersecurity; •   global privacy program; •   compliance and ethics program, including anti-money
laundering and sanctions; and •   operational resilience program Compensation Committee Oversees risks related to employees and compensation, including: •  our compensation
policies and practices for all employees; and •  our incentive and equity-based compensation plans For additional information regarding the Compensation Committee’s review of compensation-related risk, please see the
section entitled Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs . Finance Committee Oversees risks related to mergers and acquisitions and certain financial
matters, including: •  capital investments; •  debt; •  credit and
liquidity; and •  capital structure Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Oversees risks related to our overall corporate governance,
including: •  Board effectiveness; •  Board and
committee composition; •  Board size and structure; •  director
independence; •  Board succession; •  senior management
succession; •  ESG strategy, programs, and reporting; and •  political
participation and contributions In addition, each of the committees meets in executive session with management to discuss our risks and exposures. For
example, in 2022, the Audit and Risk Committee met regularly with our Chief Risk Officer; General Counsel; Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer; Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer; Chief Auditor; and other members of senior management. 14 Table of Contents Stockholder Engagement Our Board and management team greatly value the opinions and feedback of our stockholders. We have proactive, ongoing engagement with our stockholders
throughout the year focused on ESG matters, including corporate governance, corporate responsibility and sustainability, and executive compensation, in addition to the ongoing dialogue among our stockholders and our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer, and Investor Relations team on Visa’s financial and strategic performance. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Lead Independent Director also met with several of our investors this year
to discuss corporate governance, corporate responsibility, and executive compensation matters. We contacted our Top 75 Stockholders Representing approximately 65% of our outstanding Class A common stock We held videoconference meetings
with 48 stockholders Representing approximately 26% of our outstanding Class A common stock Prior to Annual Meeting •  We reach out to
our top 75 investors to discuss corporate governance, sustainability, human capital management, and executive compensation matters, and solicit feedback. •  Our Board is provided with our stockholders’ feedback for
consideration. •  Board and management discuss feedback and whether action should be taken. •  Disclosure
enhancements are considered. •  We review vote proposals and solicit support for Board recommendations on management
and stockholder proposals. Annual Meeting of Stockholders •  Our stockholders
vote on election of directors, executive compensation, ratification of our auditors, and other management and stockholder proposals. Post Annual Meeting •  Our Board and
management review the vote results from our annual meeting. •  Board and management discuss vote results and whether action should be
taken. •  We start preparing our agenda for our next year of engagement. Feedback from this year’s investor meetings was positive overall with many investors expressing appreciation for
the increased transparency in our disclosures on ESG matters. Topics covered during our discussions with investors included: • our environmental footprint, climate change, and sustainable commerce, including Visa’s climate goals; • human capital management, including workforce diversity, equity, and inclusion; • Board leadership; • Board composition, skills, tenure, and diversity; • Board risk oversight, including cybersecurity, data privacy, brand and reputation, and legal and regulatory; and • our executive compensation program and philosophy, and ESG metrics in the annual incentive plan. A summary of the feedback we received was discussed and considered by the Board, and enhancements have been made to certain of our disclosures to
improve transparency. 15 Table of Contents Communicating with the Board of Directors Our Board has adopted a process by which stockholders or other interested persons may communicate with the Board or any of its members. Stockholders and
other interested parties may send communications in writing to any or all directors (including the Chair or the non-employee directors as a group) electronically to board@visa.com or by mail c/o our Corporate
Secretary, Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. Communications that meet the procedural and substantive requirements of the process approved by the Board will be delivered to the specified member of the Board, non-employee directors as a group, or all members of the Board, as applicable, on a periodic basis, which generally will be in advance of or at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. Communications of a more
urgent nature will be referred to the Corporate Secretary, who will determine whether it should be delivered more promptly. Additional information regarding the procedural and substantive requirements for communicating with our Board may be found on
our website at investor.visa.com , under “Corporate Governance – Contact the Board.” All communications involving
accounting, internal accounting controls, and auditing matters, possible violations of, or non-compliance with, applicable legal and regulatory requirements or the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or
retaliatory acts against anyone who makes such a complaint or assists in the investigation of such a complaint, may be made via email to businessconduct@visa.com; through our Confidential Compliance Hotline at (888) 289-9322 or our Confidential Online Compliance Hotline at visa.alertline.com ; or by mail to Visa Inc., Business Conduct Office, P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119. All such communications will be
handled in accordance with our Whistleblower Policy, a copy of which may be obtained by contacting our Corporate Secretary. Attendance at Board, Committee, and Annual Stockholder Meetings Our Board and its committees meet throughout the year on a set
schedule, hold special meetings as needed, and act by written consent from time to time. The Board met seven times during fiscal year 2022. Each director attended at least 94% or more of the aggregate of: (i) the total number of meetings of the
Board held during the period in fiscal year 2022 for which he or she served as a director, and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served as a member during the period in fiscal year
2022. The total number of meetings held by each committee is listed below, under Committees of the Board of Directors . It is our policy that all members of the Board should endeavor to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All ten of our
then directors attended the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Ms. List and Mr. Crawford joined the Board in April 2022 and October 2022, respectively and, therefore, did not attend the 2022 Annual Meeting. Codes of Conduct and Ethics Our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all directors, officers, employees, and contingent staff of the Company.
This Code includes a supplemental Code of Ethics for Certain Executives and Financial Officers, which applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Chief People and Administrative Officer, General Counsel, and other
senior financial officers, whom we refer to collectively as senior officers. These Codes require the senior officers to engage in honest and ethical conduct in performing their duties, provide guidelines for the ethical handling of actual or
apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, and provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct. Our senior officers are held accountable for their adherence to the Codes. If we amend or grant any waiver from a
provision of our Codes for officers or directors, we will publicly disclose such amendment or waiver in accordance with and if required by applicable law, including by posting such amendment or waiver on our website at investor.visa.com within four business days. Political Engagement and Disclosure Public sector decisions significantly affect our business and industry, as well as the communities in which we operate. For this reason, we participate
in the political process through regular engagement with government 16 Table of Contents officials and policy-makers, by encouraging the civic involvement of our employees, and by contributing to candidates and political organizations where permitted by applicable law. We are
committed to conducting these activities in a transparent manner that reflects responsible corporate citizenship and best serves the interests of our stockholders, employees, and other stakeholders. Additional information regarding our political
activities and oversight may be found at usa.visa.com/about-visa/esg/operating-responsibly.html . Visa has a Political Participation,
Lobbying and Contributions Policy (PPLC Policy) that prohibits our directors, officers, and employees from using Company resources to promote their personal political views, causes, or candidates, and specifies that the Company will not directly or
indirectly reimburse any personal political contributions or expenses. Directors, officers, and employees also may not lobby government officials on the Company’s behalf absent the pre-approval of the
Company’s Global Government Engagement department. As such, our lobbying and political spending seek to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders, and not the personal political preferences of our directors or executives. Under the PPLC Policy, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee must pre-approve the use of corporate
funds for political contributions, including contributions made to trade associations to support targeted political campaigns and contributions to organizations registered under Section 527 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code to support political
activities. The PPLC Policy further requires the Company to make reasonable efforts to obtain from U.S. trade associations whose annual membership dues exceed $25,000 the portion of such dues that are used for political contributions. This
information must then be included in the semiannual contribution reports that are posted on our website. We endeavor to maintain a healthy and
transparent relationship with governments around the world by communicating our views and concerns to elected officials and policy-makers. As an industry leader, we encounter challenges and opportunities on a wide range of policy matters. These
issues may include regulations and policies on interchange fees, cybersecurity, data security, privacy, intellectual property, surcharging, payroll and prepaid cards, mobile payments, tax, international trade and market access, and financial
inclusion, among others. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews our political contributions and lobbying expenditures on a
semiannual basis, which includes information regarding memberships in, or payments to, tax-exempt organizations that write and endorse model legislation. Additional information on our political contributions
and lobbying expenditures can be found on our website, including our semiannual contribution reports and links to our quarterly U.S. federal lobbying activities and expenditures reports. In 2022, the Center for Political Accountability assessed our disclosures for its annual Center for Political Accountability CPA-Zicklin Index of
Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, and designated Visa a “Trendsetter” (the highest designation in the CPA-Zicklin Index) with a perfect score of 100. Environmental, Social, and Governance We believe that as a trusted brand in payments, Visa has an opportunity and responsibility to contribute to a more inclusive, equitable, and sustainable
world. As we work toward this goal, we are committed to managing the risks and opportunities that arise from ESG issues, providing transparency of our ESG performance, and enabling strong executive and Board oversight of our overall ESG strategy. In
fiscal year 2022, the Board, in full and in individual committees, discussed a range of ESG topics, including but not limited to human capital management, inclusion and diversity, climate strategy, political engagement and contributions, technology,
cybersecurity, and data privacy. 17 Table of Contents Integrated Approach Visa strives to be an industry leader in addressing ESG issues and overall management. To do so, we continue to take an integrated approach to our ESG
performance and transparency. • Materiality-based Strategy: In line with international ESG guidelines and corporate best practices, Visa conducts
a biennial ESG materiality assessment, which enables us to monitor and reassess our approach to managing priority topics. Visa ’s overall approach to ESG focuses on identifying relevant and significant topics that align Visa’s long-term
business strategy and success with the importance of those topics to our stakeholders, including employees, clients, investors, ESG ratings agencies, governments, civil society organizations, communities, and others. • Governance: At the Board level, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has formal responsibility to
oversee and review our management of ESG matters, overall ESG strategy, stakeholder engagement, formal reporting, and policies and programs in specific areas, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human rights, political activities
and expenditures, social impact, and philanthropy. These responsibilities are incorporated into the charter for the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance – Committee Composition.” • Engagement: Understanding the views of Visa stakeholders supports our work across our business and ESG strategic
priorities. We regularly engage with our stakeholders to help inform our ESG strategy, priorities, and actions. • Reporting: Visa is committed to providing transparency regarding our ESG approach and performance through various
channels and platforms of ESG reporting. We publish our ESG Report annually, which is aligned with leading reporting frameworks, such as those from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), relevant
World Economic Forum (WEF) Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, and others. In addition, we participate in: • Additional reporting initiatives such as CDP and the Workforce Disclosure Initiative (WDI); • Engagements with ESG ratings firms; • ESG-focused rankings and lists; and • Ongoing dialogue with stakeholders on our ESG performance. 18 Table of Contents Key Focus Areas of ESG Strategy and Recent Progress Our ESG strategy focuses on priority issues in five areas, each of which is informed by our materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement. Empowering People, Communities, and
Economies • Digital Equity • Financial Access • Small and Micro Businesses • Empowering Women • Local Communities ✓ Helped digitally enable over 40 million small and micro businesses (SMBs) as of September 2022, as we work
toward our goal to digitally enable 50 million SMBs worldwide ✓ Continued to expand our global Practical Business Skills platform that delivers free digital education resources
to SMB owners and entrepreneurs with visitors from over 150 countries ✓ Shared global insights through the Visa Economic Empowerment Institute on digital equity, SMB digitization, and
remittance payments to help governments advance public policies that create more inclusive economies ✓ Supported more than 6,000 employees from 58 countries who volunteered more than 55,000 hours to strengthen the
communities in which we live and work ✓ Visa Foundation committed $15.5 million in grant funding and $35.5 million in impact investments supporting gender diverse and inclusive small businesses
globally Investing in our Workforce • Inclusion and Diversity • Learning and Development • Employee Engagement • Benefits and Wellbeing • Employee Safety ✓ Made progress towards our goal to increase representation of employees from underrepresented groups in our U.S.
leadership and broader workforce ✓ Maintained gender pay equity globally, as well as pay equity by race/ethnicity in the U.S. ✓ Welcomed the inaugural cohort of Visa Black Scholars to our first Visa Black Scholars Summit ✓ Held the fourth annual Visa Learning Festival with more than 50 virtual sessions and in-person events, with nearly 30% of employees registered to participate ✓ Launched the Visa Career Development Framework with digital tools to drive employee growth, mobility, and engagement ✓ Announced New Child Bonding Leave, which sets a global minimum of 14 weeks paid leave for all parents Securing Commerce and Protecting Customers • Payments Security • Cybersecurity • Consumer Privacy • Responsible Data Use • Transaction Integrity ✓ Invested over $10 billion in technology over the last five years, including to reduce fraud and enhance
network security ✓ Deployed artificial intelligence-enabled capabilities and always-on experts to proactively detect and prevent billions
of dollars of attempted fraud ✓ Promoted the adoption of scalable technologies, such as network tokenization and 3DS, that enhanced transaction security globally ✓ Achieved the highest rating in our sector from Gartner Consulting during our 2022 cybersecurity program review ✓ Enhanced the Visa Global Privacy Program to anticipate increased and evolving privacy regulations and consumer expectations ✓ Decreased enumeration attack volumes with new analytical capabilities, enhanced tools, and the launch of a targeted compliance program Protecting the Planet • Visa Operations • Sustainable Commerce ✓ Maintained 100% renewable electricity and carbon neutral operations ✓ Reduced Scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 93% since fiscal year 2018, driven largely by switch to renewable electricity ✓ Received third party validation of Visa’s 2030 science-based targets as an interim goal toward our 2040 net-zero target and expanded engagement of Visa’s suppliers in
support of our 2030 and 2040 emissions goals including Scope 3 reductions ✓ Completed the second year of Visa’s Green Bond use of proceeds, now totaling $243.3 million in eligible spend
across areas such as green buildings, energy efficiency, and renewable energy ✓ Entered into our first commercial airline program for sustainable aviation fuel purchasing ✓ Advanced Visa’s sustainability solutions (e.g., Ecolytiq and Visa Eco Benefits) ✓ Formed new sustainable commerce partnerships with Ellen MacArthur Foundation, JustCharge, and others Operating Responsibly • Corporate Governance • Ethics and Compliance • Engaging with Governments • Human Rights • Responsible Sourcing • Tax Compliance and Governance ✓ Overall diversity of Board nominees is 70%, with women comprising 30% of the nominees, and 40% of the nominees are racially or ethnically diverse ✓ Held Ethics in Action Week, celebrating the integral role of ethics in Visa’s culture ✓ Named to the Ethisphere World’s Most Ethical Companies list for the tenth consecutive year ✓ Received a 100% rating from the CPA–Zicklin Index for our disclosures related to corporate political contributions and recognized as a “Trendsetter” for the seventh consecutive year ✓ Continued our engagement with sports bodies, civil society organizations, and the Centre for Sport & Human Rights to promote respect of human rights in sport 19 Table of Contents Third-Party Recognition of our ESG Leadership We continued to receive recognition of our ESG leadership by third-party organizations: • Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index (DJSI) – Included in DJSI North America for fifth consecutive
year; included in S&P’s 2022 Sustainability Yearbook for second consecutive year • CDP Climate Change – A List • Bloomberg Gender Equality Index • MSCI – Maintained “A” rating • Sustainalytics – Low Risk – ESG Risk Rating • America’s 100 Most Just Companies • World’s Most Ethical Companies – Named for the tenth consecutive time in 2022 • Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality 2022 – 100% on the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality
Index We encourage you to read more about how we are working to build a more inclusive, equitable, and sustainable world for
everyone, everywhere at visa.com/esg and in our 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. Our website and our 2021 Environmental, Social & Governance Report are not part of or incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement. Our ESG goals are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding our goals are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. 20 Table of Contents COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The current standing committees of the Board are the Audit and Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Finance Committee, and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the standing committees operates pursuant to a written charter, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate
Governance – Committee Composition.” Audit and Risk Committee Committee members: Lloyd A. Carney*, Chair Ramon Laguarta Teri L. List* Denise M. Morrison* *Audit Committee Financial Expert Number of meetings in fiscal year 2022: 8 “Despite the challenges of 2022, including the war in Ukraine, we continued our focus on Visa’s operational resiliency and key
risks, including ecosystem, credit settlement, technology, cybersecurity, fraud, regulatory, and third-party risks.” – Lloyd A. Carney, Chair Key Activities in 2022 • Monitored the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our internal
controls over financial reporting, and the performance of our internal audit function and KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; • Discussed the qualifications and independence of KPMG and recommended their re-appointment for fiscal year 2022; • Selected, approved the compensation of, and oversaw the work of KPMG, including the scope of and plans for the audit for
fiscal year 2023; • Reviewed and discussed with management the disclosures required to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including the Company’s significant accounting policies and areas subject to significant judgment and estimates; • Discussed with KPMG their critical audit matters; • Approved fees for KPMG for fiscal year 2022 and all audit, audit-related, and non-audit fees and services consistent with our pre-approval policy; • On a quarterly basis, reviewed audit results and findings prepared by Internal Audit; • Reviewed and recommended that the Board approve our Audit and Risk Committee charter, reviewed and recommended that the
Board approve amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, monitored compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s compliance and ethics program; • Reviewed and discussed with management the Company’s financial risks, top risks, and other risk exposures and the
steps taken to monitor and control those exposures, including our Risk Management Framework and Enterprise Risk Management Framework and programs, ecosystems risks, credit settlement risk programs, and our acquired entities’ risk profiles; • Monitored the Company’s technology risks, including operational resilience, privacy and data protection, and
cybersecurity; • Reviewed and approved our Third-Party Lifecycle Management Program, Related Person Transactions Policy, fiscal year 2022
Global Operational Resilience Program plan, Risk Appetite Framework, and fiscal year 2022 internal audit plan; • Reviewed the Company’s insurance coverage and programs, and tax audits; and 21 Table of Contents • Reviewed the procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints we receive under the Company’s
Whistleblower Policy, including regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions The Audit and Risk Committee has adopted a written Statement of Policy with respect to Related Person Transactions (Statement of Policy), governing any
transaction, arrangement, or relationship between the Company and any related person where the related person had, has, or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Under the Statement of Policy, the Audit and Risk Committee reviews related
person transactions and may approve or ratify them only if it is determined that they are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. When reviewing a related person transaction, the Audit and Risk Committee
may take into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances available to it, including: (i) the material terms and conditions of the transaction or transactions; (ii) the related person’s relationship to Visa;
(iii) the related person’s interest in the transaction, including their position or relationship with, or ownership of, any entity that is a party to or has an interest in the transaction; (iv) the approximate dollar value of the
transaction; (v) the availability from other sources of comparable products or services; and (vi) an assessment of whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to us from an unrelated third party. In the event we become aware of a related person transaction that was not previously approved or ratified under the Statement of Policy, the Audit and
Risk Committee will evaluate all options available, including ratification, revision, or termination of the related person transaction. The Statement of Policy is intended to augment and work in conjunction with our other policies that include code
of conduct or conflict of interest provisions, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We engage in transactions, arrangements, and
relationships with many other entities, including financial institutions and professional organizations, in the ordinary course of our business. Some of our directors, executive officers, greater than five percent stockholders, and their immediate
family members, each a related person under the Statement of Policy, may be directors, officers, partners, employees, or stockholders of these entities. We carry out transactions with these entities on customary terms, and, in many instances, our
directors and executive officers may not be aware of them. To our knowledge, since the beginning of fiscal year 2022, no related person has had a material interest in any of our business transactions or relationships. Report of the Audit and Risk Committee The Committee, which is composed of independent directors, is responsible for monitoring and overseeing Visa’s financial reporting process on
behalf of the Board. The functions of the Committee are described in greater detail in the Audit and Risk Committee Charter, adopted by the Board, which may be found on the Company’s website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate
Governance – Committee Composition.” Visa’s management has the primary responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal financial controls, for preparing the financial statements, and for the public reporting process.
KPMG LLP, Visa’s independent registered public accounting firm, is responsible for expressing opinions on the conformity of the Company’s audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In this context, the Committee has reviewed and discussed with
management the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. In addition, the Committee has discussed with KPMG the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Committee also has received the written
disclosures and the letter from KPMG required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with 22 Table of Contents the audit committee concerning independence, and the Committee has discussed the independence of KPMG with that firm. The Committee also has considered whether KPMG’s provision of non-audit services to the Company impairs the auditor’s independence, and concluded that KPMG is independent from the Committee, the Company, and the Company’s management. Based on the Committee’s review and discussions noted above, the Committee recommended to the Board that the Company’s audited consolidated
financial statements be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors Lloyd A. Carney (Chair) Ramon Laguarta Teri L. List Denise M. Morrison Compensation Committee Committee
members: Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Teri L. List John F. Lundgren Robert W. Matschullat Denise M. Morrison,
Chair Number of meetings
in fiscal year 2022: 6 “Challenges for the Committee in 2022 included unprecedented executive talent-market competition, macroeconomic uncertainty, and
continued challenges from COVID-19, combined with the impact of the war in Ukraine. The Committee’s commitment to our pay for performance philosophy was unwavering, with continued focus on motivating and retaining a high-performing
executive team and emphasizing financial, strategic, and ESG goals in our executive compensation program design.” – Denise M. Morrison, Chair Key Activities in 2022 • Reviewed the overall executive compensation philosophy for the Company; • Reviewed and approved corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s and other NEOs’
compensation, including annual financial, strategic, ESG, and individual performance objectives; • Continued to monitor and assess the impact of COVID-19, as well as the ongoing war
in Ukraine and Visa’s decision to suspend operations in Russia, on the executive compensation program and considered the appropriateness of the program by reference to its guiding principles, including pay for performance, alignment with
stakeholders’ interests, and motivation and retention of key talent; • Evaluated the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and other NEOs considering pre-established goals and objectives and, based on this evaluation, determined, approved, and reported to the Board the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other NEOs, including salary,
annual incentives, long-term equity, and other benefits; • Reviewed and recommended to the independent members of the Board the form and amount of compensation of our non-employee directors; • Oversaw administration and regulatory compliance with regard to the Company’s incentive and equity-based compensation
plans; • Reviewed the operations of the Company’s executive compensation program to determine whether they are properly
coordinated and achieving their intended purposes; 23 Table of Contents • Reviewed an annual compensation-risk assessment report and considered whether the Company’s compensation policies and
practices contain incentives for executive officers and employees to take risks in performing their duties that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; • Reviewed the Company’s pay equity processes and related disclosures; • Reviewed the Company’s stock ownership guidelines for directors and NEOs, as well as individual compliance; • Reviewed and recommended that the Board approve our Compensation Committee charter; • Reviewed and discussed with management the compensation disclosures required to be included in the Company’s annual
filings; • Oversaw the Company’s submission of the annual advisory vote on executive compensation (Say-on-Pay); • Reviewed the results of stockholder votes on executive compensation matters and discussed with management the appropriate
engagement with stockholders in response to the votes; • Selected an appropriate peer group for executive pay and performance comparisons; and • Received and reviewed updates on regulatory and compensation trends and compliance. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members who served on the Compensation Committee was or had ever been one of our officers or employees. In addition, during the last fiscal
year, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or the compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs The Compensation Committee annually considers potential risks to the Company when reviewing and approving our compensation program. We have designed our
compensation program, including our incentive compensation plans, with specific features to address potential risks while rewarding employees for achieving long-term financial and strategic objectives through prudent business judgment and
appropriate risk-taking. The following elements have been incorporated in our compensation program for executive officers: A Balanced Mix of Compensation Elements •  The compensation
mix for our executive officers consists of salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term equity incentives, representing a mix that is not overly weighted toward short-term cash incentives. Multiple Performance Factors •  Our incentive
compensation plans use multiple pre-established performance goals, which encourage the achievement of objectives for the overall benefit of the Company and its stakeholders. Long-Term Incentives •  Our long-term incentives are equity-based and have a regular three-year vesting
schedule to complement our annual cash-based incentives. Capped Incentive Awards •  Annual incentive
awards and performance share awards are capped at 200% of target for executive officers. Stock Ownership Guidelines •  Our guidelines
call for significant stock ownership, which aligns the interests of our executive officers with the long-term interests of our stakeholders. Recoupment Policies •  Our Clawback Policy authorizes the Board to recover past incentive compensation
payments or cancel outstanding awards in the event of a material restatement of the Company’s financial results due to fraud, intentional misconduct, or gross negligence of the executive officer. •  Our equity award
agreements also provide for forfeiture of equity-based awards in the event of specified detrimental activity in the absence of a restatement. 24 Table of Contents Additionally, the Compensation Committee annually considers an assessment of compensation-related
risks. Based on this assessment, the Compensation Committee concluded that our compensation program does not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Visa. In making this determination, the Compensation Committee
reviewed the key design elements of our compensation program in relation to industry “best practices” as presented by the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, as well as the means of mitigating potential
risks, such as through our internal controls and oversight by management and the Board. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has: •   reviewed and discussed the section entitled Compensation
Discussion and Analysis with management; and •   based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section be included in this proxy statement. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Denise M. Morrison (Chair) Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Teri L. List John F. Lundgren Robert W. Matschullat Finance Committee Committee members: Mary B. Cranston Francisco Javier
Fernández-Carbajal Robert W. Matschullat, Chair Linda J. Rendle Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Number of meetings in fiscal year 2022: 6 “The Committee was active in 2022, reviewing potential M&A and strategic investment opportunities, Visa’s
capital structure, financial condition, capital investments, and treasury activities.” – Robert W. Matschullat, Chair Key Activities in 2022 • Reviewed potential M&A transactions and strategic investments; • Reviewed the financial and operational performance of prior acquisitions, including integration scorecards; • Reviewed and recommended the Board declare the Company’s quarterly dividend and authorize a $12 billion
Class A share buyback program; • Reviewed the Company’s capital structure and financial condition, including target leverage ratio and credit ratings; • Discussed the Company’s tax strategy; • Reviewed insurance coverage and programs; • Discussed the Company’s treasury activities and strategy; • Reviewed potential capital investments in advance of fiscal year 2022 budget approval; and • Reviewed and recommended the Board approve the Finance Committee charter. 25 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Committee members: Mary B. Cranston Ramon
Laguarta John F. Lundgren Linda J.
Rendle Maynard G. Webb, Jr., Chair Number of meetings in fiscal year 2022: 4 “This year, the Committee continued its focus on board composition, including the addition of Teri L. List and Kermit R.
Crawford to the Board, management succession planning, and oversight of Visa’s robust ESG and stockholder engagement programs.” – Maynard G. Webb, Jr., Chair Key Activities in 2022 • Identified, selected, and recommended two new directors: (i) Teri L. List, to serve as a member of the Board, Audit
and Risk Committee, and Compensation Committee, effective April 11, 2022; and (ii) Kermit R. Crawford, to serve as a member of the Board, effective October 7, 2022, and a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, effective January 1, 2023; • Reviewed the director skills and qualifications criteria used to identify individuals who are qualified to become directors
to confirm that the criteria capture the appropriate skills and qualifications for Visa board membership; • Regularly discussed Board composition and reviewed director candidates considering our director skills and qualification
criteria, current business needs, and long-term strategy; • Reviewed and recommended that the Board approve the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter and amendments to
the Company’s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines; • Reaffirmed the Board’s categorical director independence standards, and reviewed the qualifications and determined the
independence of the members of the Board and its committees; • Reviewed each director’s compliance with the requirements of the Corporate Governance Guidelines relating to service
on other boards or audit committees of publicly-traded companies; • Reviewed succession and development plans for management, including in the event of an emergency or retirement; • Oversaw the annual evaluation of the Board, its committees, and directors; • Oversaw our stockholder engagement program on ESG matters; • Reviewed and approved the 2022 corporate political contribution plan, and oversaw the Company’s political
contributions and lobbying activities; and • Reviewed the Company’s ESG developments and oversaw the Company’s charitable giving. 26 Table of Contents Process for Nomination of Director Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews the composition of the Board, including the qualifications, expertise, and
characteristics that are represented in the current Board as well as the criteria it considers needed to support Visa’s long-term strategy. After an in-depth review of the candidates, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee recommends candidates to the Board in accordance with its charter, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the criteria adopted by the Board regarding director candidate
qualifications. After careful review and consideration, the Board will nominate candidates for election, or re-election, at our annual meeting of stockholders. The Board may appoint a director to the Board
during the year to serve until the next meeting of stockholders. Sources for Candidate Pool In-Depth Review Full Board Review Board Nominees • Independent directors • Independent search firm • Our management • Stockholders • Consider skills matrix • Consider diversity • Review independence and potential conflicts For New Candidates: • Screen qualifications • Meet with our directors Review selected candidates for election / appointment at recommendation by
NCGC Candidates nominated for election to Board at Annual Meeting of
Stockholders or appointed to Board during the year Stockholder Recommended Candidates Stockholders may recommend a director candidate to be considered for nomination by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by providing the
information specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines to our Corporate Secretary within the timeframe specified for stockholder nominations of directors in our Bylaws. For additional information regarding the process for proposing director
candidates to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for consideration, please see our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Stockholders who wish to nominate a person for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders must follow
the procedure described under Other Information – Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2024 Annual Meeting of this proxy statement. For additional information regarding this process, please
see our Bylaws. 27 Table of Contents Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee applies the same standards in considering director candidates submitted by
stockholders as it does in evaluating other candidates, including incumbent directors. The identification and selection of qualified directors is a complex and subjective process that requires consideration of many intangible factors and will be
significantly influenced by the needs of the Board from time to time. As a result, there is no specific set of minimum qualifications, qualities, or skills that are necessary for a nominee to possess, other than those that are necessary to meet U.S.
legal, regulatory, and NYSE listing requirements and the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and charters of the Board’s committees. However, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
and the Board have identified the ten skills and qualifications listed below as important criteria for membership on the Board. Payments Technology Senior Leadership Public Company Boards Financial Global Markets Marketing | Brand Risk Government | Geo-Political Ecommerce | Mobile In addition to the above qualities, the Board, through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, strives to be
a board that reflects the diversity of our key stakeholders around the world (clients, customers, employees, business partners, and stockholders). While the Board does not have a formal policy on diversity, the Board’s practice in assembling
the Board is to have wide diversity in terms of business experiences, functional skills, gender, race, ethnicity, and cultural backgrounds. To support this objective, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers women and candidates
from underrepresented groups in the pool from which the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers director candidates. 28 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS We compensate non-employee directors for their service on the Board with a combination of cash and equity awards, the amounts of which are commensurate with their role and involvement, and consistent with peer company practices. In setting non-employee director compensation, we consider the significant amount of time our directors expend in fulfilling their duties as well as the skill level required of members of our Board. Mr. Kelly, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, does not receive additional compensation for his service as a director. The Compensation Committee, which is
composed solely of independent directors, has the primary responsibility for reviewing and considering any revisions to our non-employee director compensation program. In July 2021, the Compensation Committee
undertook its annual review of non-employee director compensation for fiscal year 2022, which included an analysis completed by its independent compensation consultant. As part of this analysis, the
independent compensation consultant reviewed trends and data from the same peer companies used by the Compensation Committee in connection with its review of executive compensation. Pursuant to the review, and after considering the independent
compensation consultant’s advice on peer group data, the Compensation Committee recommended that the Board approve an increase in the grant date value of the annual equity grant for non-employee directors
from $215,000 to $225,000 for grants made on or after the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. This increase to the equity grant date value improved the overall positioning within the peer group and the mix between cash and equity in the
director compensation program. Highlights of our Non-Employee Director
Compensation Program No Fees for Board
or Committee Meeting Attendance: Meeting attendance is an expected part of Board service. Emphasis on
Equity: There is an emphasis on equity in the overall compensation mix to further align interests with stakeholders. Recognition of
Special Roles: Special roles, such as Lead Independent Director and Committee Chairs, are recognized for their additional time commitments. Annual Equity
Grants with Immediate Vesting: Equity awards are granted annually with a fixed value, providing alignment with stockholders’ interests. Immediate vesting of the awards supports independence and avoids entrenchment. Robust Stock
Ownership Guidelines: A guideline of five times the annual Board membership cash retainer supports alignment with stakeholders’ interests and mitigates potential compensation-related risk. Limited Perquisites and No Related Tax Gross-Ups: Other benefits, such as matching charitable contributions, are limited. 29 Table of Contents Annual Retainers Paid in Cash Non-employee directors receive an annual cash retainer for their service on the Board, as well as additional
cash retainers if they serve as the Lead Independent Director, on a committee, or as the chair of a committee. The following table lists the cash retainer amounts in effect during fiscal year 2022. Type of Retainer Amount of Retainer Annual Board Membership $110,000 Lead Independent Director $75,000 Audit and Risk Committee Membership $20,000 Compensation Committee Membership $15,000 Finance Committee Membership $15,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Membership $15,000 Audit and Risk Committee Chair $25,000 (in addition to member retainer) Compensation Committee Chair $20,000 (in addition to member retainer) Finance Committee Chair $20,000 (in addition to member retainer) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Chair $20,000 (in addition to member
retainer) U.S.-based directors may defer the payment of all or a portion of the cash retainer payments, as described below under Executive Compensation – Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 – Visa Directors Deferred Compensation Plan . All cash retainers are paid in quarterly installments
unless a director elected to defer the payment. Directors are also reimbursed for customary expenses incurred while attending meetings of the Board and its committees. Equity Compensation Each non-employee director receives an annual equity grant under the Visa Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive
Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan), which limits the total grant date value of equity grants that may be made to our non-employee directors to $500,000 in a
single fiscal year. On January 25, 2022, the date of our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each non-employee director received a restricted stock unit grant determined by dividing $225,000 by the per
share closing price of our Class A common stock on that date, rounded to the nearest whole share. Following the date of a director’s election or appointment to the Board on a date other than at an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the
director receives a prorated initial grant based on the partial year of Board service; similarly, departing directors who joined the Board prior to November 2017 receive a grant for the year of departure, which is prorated for any partial year of
service, as applicable. Accordingly, Teri L. List, who was appointed to the Board on April 11, 2022, received a restricted stock unit grant determined by dividing $187,500 by the per share closing price of our Class A common stock on
April 15, 2022, rounded to the nearest whole share; Suzanne Nora Johnson and John A. C. Swainson, who did not stand for re-election at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and both joined the Board
prior to November 2017, each received a restricted stock unit grant determined by dividing $225,000 (representing the entire grant value applicable to a full year of service for the year of departure) by the per share closing price of our
Class A common stock on January 25, 2022, rounded to the nearest whole share. Restricted 30 Table of Contents stock unit grants to all non-employee directors vest immediately upon grant. Directors may elect to defer settlement of all or a portion of their equity
grants. Stock Ownership Guidelines The stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors specify that each director should own shares of
our common stock equal to five times the annual Board membership cash retainer. Equity interests that count toward satisfaction of the guidelines include shares owned outright by the director, shares jointly owned, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, and any deferred restricted stock units. Directors have five years from the date they become a member of the Board to attain these ownership levels. Each non-employee director with at least five years
of service on our Board currently meets or exceeds the ownership guidelines. We also have an insider trading policy which, among other things, prohibits directors from hedging the economic risk of their stock ownership or pledging their shares. Charitable Matching Gift Program Our non-employee directors may participate in the Board Charitable Matching Gift Program. Under this program,
contributions to eligible non-profit organizations are matched, up to a maximum of $15,000 per director per calendar year. Our U.S. non-employee directors may also
participate in our Political Action Committee (PAC) Charitable Matching Program. Under this program, when non-employee directors contribute to the Visa PAC, Visa matches their contribution to a qualifying
charity or charities the non-employee director selects, up to a maximum of $5,000 per director per calendar year. Director Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 The following tables provide information
on the total compensation earned by each of our non-employee directors who served during fiscal year 2022. Name Fees Earned or Paid in 
Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Lloyd A. Carney 155,000 225,028 20,000 400,028 Mary B. Cranston 140,000 225,028 20,000 385,028 Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal 140,000 225,028 – 365,028 Ramon Laguarta 145,000 225,028 – 370,028 Teri L. List (4) 36,250 187,468 – 223,718 John F. Lundgren 215,000 225,028 5,000 445,028 Robert W. Matschullat 160,000 225,028 16,500 401,528 Denise M. Morrison 165,000 225,028 5,000 395,028 Suzanne Nora
Johnson (5) 72,500 225,028 15,000 312,528 Linda J. Rendle 140,000 225,028 20,000 385,028 John A. C.
Swainson (5) 82,500 225,028 20,000 327,528 Maynard G. Webb, Jr. 150,000 225,028 20,000 395,028 (1) Additional information describing these fees is included under Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Annual Retainers Paid in Cash and the section below entitled Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Fees Earned or Paid in
Cash . 31 Table of Contents (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to each director computed in accordance with
stock-based accounting rules (Financial Standards Accounting Board (FASB) ASC Topic 718). Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 17 – Share-based Compensation to our fiscal year 2022 audited
consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2022. (3) Amounts include the matching contributions we made on behalf of the following directors for fiscal year 2022 pursuant
to Visa’s Board Charitable Matching Gift Program: $20,000 for Mr. Swainson; $15,000 for each of Mr. Carney, Ms. Cranston, Ms. Nora Johnson, Ms. Rendle, and Mr. Webb; and $11,500 for Mr. Matschullat. For
Mr. Swainson, the amount shown exceeds the $15,000 calendar year charitable match limit because his fiscal year total includes fiscal year 2022 contributions made during calendar year 2021. The amounts also include the $5,000 matching
contributions Visa made on behalf of each of the following directors for fiscal year 2022 pursuant to its PAC Charitable Matching Program: Mr. Carney, Ms. Cranston, Mr. Lundgren, Mr. Matschullat, Ms. Morrison,
Ms. Rendle, and Mr. Webb. (4) As described under Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Equity
Compensation above, Ms. List received an additional prorated stock award in the form of fully-vested restricted stock units for her initial partial year of service as a director for the period from her appointment to the Board on
April 11, 2022 through January 24, 2023. (5) Ms. Nora Johnson and Mr. Swainson, each of whom joined the Board prior to November 2017, did not stand for re-election at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As described under Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Equity Compensation above, each received a
stock award in the form of fully-vested restricted stock units for the year of departure from the Board. Fees Earned or Paid in Cash The following table sets forth additional information with respect to the amounts reported in the
“Fees Earned or Paid in Cash” column in the Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Director Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 above. Certain directors rotated committee
assignments during the fiscal year. Fees have been pro-rated to reflect the portion of the fiscal year that the directors served on each committee. Name Board Retainer ($) Lead Independent Director Retainer ($) Audit
and Risk Committee Chair/Member Retainer ($) Compensation Committee Chair/Member Retainer ($) Finance Committee Chair/Member Retainer ($) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair/Member Retainer ($) Lloyd A. Carney 110,000 – 45,000 – – – Mary B. Cranston 110,000 – – – 15,000 15,000 Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal 110,000 – – 15,000 15,000 – Ramon Laguarta 110,000 – 20,000 – – 15,000 Teri L. List 27,500 – 5,000 3,750 – – John F. Lundgren 110,000 75,000 – 15,000 – 15,000 Robert W. Matschullat 110,000 – – 15,000 35,000 – Denise M. Morrison 110,000 – 20,000 35,000 – – Suzanne Nora Johnson 55,000 – 10,000 – – 7,500 Linda J. Rendle 110,000 – – – 15,000 15,000 John A. C. Swainson 55,000 – 10,000 – – 17,500 Maynard G. Webb,
Jr. 110,000 – – 7,500 15,000 17,500 32 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2023 Director Compensation Pursuant to the annual compensation review process described above, the Compensation Committee recommended that the Board approve an increase in the
grant date value of the annual equity grant for non-employee directors from $225,000 to $235,000 for grants made on or after the date of the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Similar to the adjustments the
prior year, this increase to the equity grant date value improved the overall positioning within the peer group and the mix between cash and equity in the director compensation program. The Compensation Committee also recommended that the Board
approve an increase in the annual cash retainer for the Lead Independent Director from $75,000 to $90,000, for the chair of the Audit and Risk Committee from $25,000 to $30,000, for the chair of the Finance Committee from $20,000 to $30,000, for the
chair of the Compensation Committee from $20,000 to $25,000, and for members of the Finance Committee from $15,000 to $20,000, each effective October 1, 2022. The increase in the annual cash retainers was based on peer group data and to reflect
the time commitment and contributions expected of the positions. 33 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board currently consists of twelve directors. Ten directors are nominated for election at our Annual Meeting,
including nine independent directors and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Each director is elected to serve a one-year term, with all directors subject to annual election. Mary B. Cranston and Robert
W. Matschullat, members of our Board since October 2007, are retiring and not standing for re-election. Accordingly, they are not included as nominees for election at the Annual Meeting. The Board thanks
Ms. Cranston and Mr. Matschullat for their years of service to Visa. Effective as of the Annual Meeting, our authorized number of directors will be reduced to ten. At the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has nominated the following ten persons to serve as directors for
the term beginning at the Annual Meeting on January 24, 2023: Lloyd A. Carney, Kermit R. Crawford, Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal, Alfred F. Kelly, Jr., Ramon Laguarta, Teri L. List, John F. Lundgren, Denise M. Morrison, Linda J.
Rendle, and Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Ms. List and Mr. Crawford, who joined the Board in 2022, were recommended by a global search firm. They were nominated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee after an extensive and careful
search was conducted by this search firm, and numerous candidates were considered. The primary functions served by the search firm included identifying potential candidates who meet the key attributes, experience, and skills described under Committees of the Board of Directors – Criteria for Nomination to the Board of Directors and Diversity above, as well as compiling information regarding each candidate’s attributes, experience, skills, and independence and conveying
the information to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Unless proxy cards are otherwise marked, the persons named as proxies will
vote all executed proxies FOR the election of each nominee named in this section. Proxies submitted to Visa cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting for nominees other than those nominees named in this proxy statement. However, if any director
nominee is unable or unwilling to serve at the time of the Annual Meeting, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee designated by the Board. Alternatively, the Board may reduce the size of the Board. Each nominee has consented
to serve as a director if elected, and the Board does not believe that any nominee will be unwilling or unable to serve if elected as a director. Each director will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her
successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE
“FOR” EACH OF THE NOMINEES TO SERVE AS DIRECTORS. 34 Table of Contents SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Payments ● ● ● Technology ● ● ● Senior Leadership ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Public Company Boards ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Financial ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Global Markets ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Marketing | Brand ● ● ● ● ● ● Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Government | Geo-Political ● ● ● E-Commerce | Mobile ● ● ● ● ● Gender Diversity ● ● ● African-American / Black ● ● Latinx / Spanish Heritage ● ● Years on Board 7 <1 15 9 3 <1 5 4 2 9 35 Table of Contents DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES The following is additional information about each of the director nominees as of the date of this proxy statement, including their professional
background, director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years, and the specific qualifications, experience, attributes, or skills that caused the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Board to determine that
the nominee should serve as one of our directors. Lloyd A. Carney Age: 60 Independent Director Since: June 2015 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc. (Chairman); Vertex Pharmaceuticals; Visa
Inc. (prior) Nuance Communications, Inc. (Chairman); Brocade Communications
Systems, Inc.; Cypress Semiconductor Corporation; Micromuse, Inc. (Chairman) Career Highlights: •  Founder and Chief Acquisition Officer of Carney Technology Acquisition Corp. II, a special purpose
acquisition corporation, since September 2020 •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Carney Global
Ventures, LLC, an early round investor, since March 2007 •  Chief Executive Officer and director of Brocade
Communications Systems, Inc., a global supplier of networking hardware and software from January 2013 to November 2017 •  Chief Executive Officer and director of Xsigo Systems, an information technology and hardware company, from
2008 to 2012 •  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Micromuse, Inc., a networking
management software company, acquired by IBM, from 2003 to 2006 •  B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering
Technology and an Honorary PhD from the Wentworth Institute of Technology, and an M.S. degree in Applied Business Management from Lesley College Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Held senior leadership roles at Juniper Networks, Inc., a networking equipment provider, Nortel Networks
Inc., a former telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer, and Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking products manufacturer •  As former Chief Executive Officer for Brocade and prior to that for multiple technology companies, he has
extensive experience with information technology, strategic planning, finance, and risk management •  As a
director of several public and private companies, he has experience with corporate governance, financial reporting and controls, risk management, and business strategy and operations Kermit R. Crawford Age: 63 Independent Director Since: October 2022 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee*; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee* *Joining as of January 1, 2023 Public Company Directorships: (current) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.; The Allstate Corporation; Visa Inc. (prior) TransUnion Career Highlights: •  President and Chief Operating Officer of Rite Aid Corporation, a retail drugstore chain, from October 2017 to
March 2019 •  Operating Partner, Retail and Healthcare, of Sycamore Partners, a private equity firm
specializing in consumer, distribution, and retail-related investments, from 2015 to 2017 •  Several senior
positions at Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc., a holding company that owns retail pharmacy chains Walgreens and Boots, including Executive Vice President and President, Pharmacy, Health and Wellness from 2011 to 2014; Executive Vice President, Pharmacy
Services from 2010 to 2011; Senior Vice President, Pharmacy Services from 2007 to 2010; Executive Vice President, Pharmacy Benefit Management Services from 2004 to 2007; Operational Vice President, Store Operations from 2000 to 2004; and positions
of increasing responsibility in Retail Pharmacy and Store Operations from 1983 to 2000 •  B.S. degree from
The College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences at Texas Southern University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  A
seasoned executive with over 30 years of senior leadership and operating experience at trusted national brands with a deep understanding of consumer experiences and insights •  Strong track record of developing strategy, delivering performance, and effecting operational change in
highly competitive, global, and consumer-focused service businesses •  As a current and former director of
publicly-traded and private companies, and through his board and committee memberships, he has accumulated extensive experience with corporate governance, business strategy and operations, and risk management and controls 36 Table of Contents Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal Age: 67 Independent Director Since: October 2007 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Finance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) ALFA S.A.B. de C.V.; CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V.; Fomento Economico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V.; Visa Inc. (prior) El Puerto de Liverpool, S.A.B. de C.V.; Fresnillo, plc; Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico, S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Gigante,
S.A.B. de C.V.; Grupo Lamosa, S.A.B. de C.V.; IXE Grupo Financiero S.A.B. de C.V. Career Highlights: •  Consultant for public and private investment transactions and wealth management advisor since January
2002 •  Chief Executive Officer of Servicios Administrativos Contry S.A. de C.V., a privately held company
that provides central administrative and investment management services, since June 2005 •  Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporate Development Division of Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A., a Mexico-based banking and financial services company that owns BBVA Bancomer, one of Mexico’s largest banks, from July 2000 to January 2002; held other
senior executive positions at Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer since joining in September 1991, serving as President from October 1999 to July 2000, and as Chief Financial Officer from October 1995 to October 1999 •  Degree in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering from the Instituto Tecnológicoy de Estudios Superiores
de Monterrey and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Substantial payment systems, financial services, and leadership experience from his tenure with Grupo
Financiero BBVA Bancomer, for which he served in a variety of senior executive roles, including Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate Development Division, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning, Deputy President of Systems and
Operations, Chief Information Officer, Deputy President, President and Chief Financial Officer •  Background
and career in the payments and financial services industry in Mexico enable him to bring global perspectives to the Board and to provide relevant insights regarding Visa’s strategies, operations, and management. In addition, he chaired the BBVA
Bancomer’s Assets and Liabilities Committee, Credit Committee and Operational Risk Committee, which enhanced his understanding of risk management of large, complex organizations •  As the Chief Financial Officer of a large publicly-traded company, and through his board and committee
membership with several large companies in Mexico, he has accumulated extensive experience in corporate finance and accounting, financial reporting and internal controls, human resources, and compensation, which contributes to his service on our
Compensation Committee and Finance Committee Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Age: 64 Director Since: January 2014 Board Committees: None Public Company Directorships: (current) Visa Inc. (prior) MetLife Inc.; Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.;
Affinion Group, Inc. Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer, Visa Inc. since
December 2016 and Chairman since April 2019 •  Chief Executive Officer and President of Intersection, a
digital technology and media company, from March 2016 to October 2016 •  Management Advisor, TowerBrook
Capital Partners L.P. from April 2015 to February 2016 •  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
the 2014 NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Company, the entity created to raise funds for and host Super Bowl XLVIII, from April 2011 to August 2014 •  Senior positions at the American Express Company, a global financial services company, for 23 years,
including serving as President from July 2007 to April 2010, Group President, Consumer, Small Business and Merchant Services from June 2005 to July 2007, and Group President, U.S. Consumer and Small Business Services from June 2000 to June 2005 •  Former head of information systems at the White House from 1985 to 1987 •  Various positions in information systems and financial planning at PepsiCo Inc. from 1981 to 1985 •  B.A. degree in Computer and Information Science and an M.B.A. degree from Iona University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  As the
President of American Express, he was responsible for the company’s global consumer businesses, including consumer and small business cards, customer service, global banking, prepaid products, consumer travel and risk and information
management •  Significant tenure and experience as a senior executive of a global financial services and
payment card company provide him with a thorough understanding of our business and industry •  Has
experience in information technology and data management, both areas relevant to our business, from his service as the head of information systems of the White House and his roles at PepsiCo •  His previous service as a member of the Audit Committee of MetLife, and as Chair of the Audit Committees of
Affinion Group Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Affinion Group, Inc., enhanced his expertise in the areas of corporate finance, accounting, internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, risk management oversight, and other
audit committee functions 37 Table of Contents Ramon Laguarta Age: 59 Independent Director Since: November 2019 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) PepsiCo, Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) none Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo,
Inc., a multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation, since October 2018 and Chairman of the Board since February 2019 •  Several other senior positions at PepsiCo for over 20 years, including: President from 2017 to 2018; Chief
Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa from 2015 to 2017; Chief Executive Officer, Europe in 2015; President, Developing and Emerging Markets, PepsiCo Europe from 2012 to 2015; President, Eastern Europe, PepsiCo Europe from 2008 to 2012;
Commercial Vice President, Snacks and Beverages, PepsiCo Europe from 2006 to 2008; General Manager, Iberia Snacks and Juices from 2003 to 2006; General Manager, Spain Snacks from 2001 to 2003; General Manager, Greece and Cyprus from 1999 to 2001;
and Vice President, Business Development from 1996 to 1999 •  M.B.A. in international business from ESADE
Business School in Spain and a Master’s in International Management from Thunderbird School of Global Management at Arizona State University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Strong
leadership skills and extensive consumer packaged goods experience gained from over 20 years he spent in a variety of senior operational and executive roles at PepsiCo enables him to provide valuable market and consumer insights •  His numerous international senior management positions, including living in Europe and leading PepsiCo’s
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa division, which has operations that span three continents and is composed of developed, developing, and emerging markets, provides invaluable perspectives on the global marketplace and sustainability. He speaks multiple
languages including English, Spanish, French, German, and Greek •  His deep experience and strong
understanding of the key strategic challenges and opportunities of running a large global business make him well-positioned to oversee strategic planning, operations, marketing, brand development, and logistics Teri L. List Age: 59 Independent Director Since: April 2022 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee; Compensation Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Danaher Corporation; Double Verify Holdings; Microsoft Corporation; Visa Inc. (prior) Oscar Health, Inc. Career Highlights: •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gap Inc., a global clothing retailer, from January
2017 until her retirement in June 2020 •  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc., a sporting good retail company, from August 2015 to August 2016 •  Several
senior positions at Kraft Foods Group Inc., a food and beverage company, including Advisor from March 2015 to May 2015; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2013 to February 2015; and Senior Vice President, Finance from
September 2013 to December 2013 •  Several senior positions at The Procter & Gamble Company, a
multinational consumer goods corporation, including Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 2009 to 2013; Vice President, Finance, Global Operations from 2007 to 2009; Vice President, Finance, Fabric Care and Vice President, Finance, Household Care
from 2005 to 2007; Vice President, Corporate Accounting from 1999 to 2004; and various positions of increasing authority from 1994 to 1999 •  Positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Manager at Deloitte LLP, an auditing, consulting,
tax, and advisory services firm from 1985 to 1994 •  Bachelor’s degree in accounting from Northern
Michigan University; and a certified public accountant Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Highly accomplished executive with decades of financial and leadership experience in dealing with complex
finance and accounting matters across multiple industries enables her to provide the board with diverse perspectives and expertise on risk management, strategic planning, and financial oversight •  Having served as the Chief Financial Officer of large publicly traded companies, and through her board and
committee memberships, she has extensive experience in corporate finance and accounting, financial reporting and internal controls, risk management, human resources, and compensation, which contributes to her service on our Audit and Risk and
Compensation Committees 38 Table of Contents John F. Lundgren Age: 71 Independent Director Since: April 2017 Board Committees: Compensation Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp (Chairman); Visa Inc. (prior) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.; Staples, Inc. Career
Highlights: •  Lead
Independent Director of our Board since April 2019 •  Chief Executive Officer of Stanley Black & Decker,
Inc., a manufacturer of industrial tools and household hardware, from March 2010 until his retirement in July 2016; also served as Chairman until December 2016 •  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Stanley Works, a worldwide supplier of consumer products,
industrial tools, and security solutions for professional, industrial, and consumer use, from March 2004 until its merger with Black & Decker in March 2010 •  President of European Consumer Products of Georgia-Pacific Corporation from January 2000 to February 2004 •  President of European Consumer Products of James River Corporation from 1995 to 1997 and Fort James
Corporation from 1997 to 2000 until its acquisition by Georgia-Pacific •  B.A. degree from Dartmouth College
and an M.B.A. from Stanford University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Substantial executive leadership and brand experience having served over 12 years as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of Stanley Black & Decker and The Stanley Works •  Knowledge and experience with consumer
market in Europe having served as President, European Consumer Products of Georgia Pacific Corporation, Fort James Corporation and James River Corporation for over 14 years •  Currently serves as a member of the Audit Committee of Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp, providing him with
experience in the areas of corporate finance, accounting, internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, risk management oversight, and other audit committee functions •  As a director of other public companies, he has experience with corporate governance, risk management, and
business strategy and operations Denise M. Morrison Age: 68 Independent Director Since: August 2018 Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee; Compensation Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) MetLife, Inc.; Quest Diagnostics; Visa Inc. (prior) Campbell
Soup Company Career Highlights: •  Founder of Denise Morrison &
Associates, LLC, a consulting firm, since October 2018 •  President and Chief Executive Officer from August
2011 to May 2018, and a Board member from October 2010 to May 2018; Executive Vice President and COO from October 2010 to July 2011; Senior Vice President, President of North America Soup, Sauces and Beverages from October 2007 to September 2010;
President, Campbell USA from June 2005 to September 2007; and President, Global Sales and Chief Customer Officer from April 2003 to May 2005 of Campbell Soup Company, a food and beverage company •  Senior positions at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food and beverage company, including Executive Vice President and
General Manager, Snacks Division from 2001 to 2003; Executive Vice President and General Manager, Confections Division in 2001; Senior Vice President and General Manager, Nabisco Down the Street Division in 2000; Senior Vice President, Nabisco Sales
and Integrated Logistics from 1998 to 2000; Vice President, Nabisco Foods Sales and Integrated Logistics from 1997 to 1998; and Area Vice President, West, Nabisco Sales and Integrated Logistics from 1995 to 1997 •  Senior marketing and sales positions at Nestle SA from 1984 to 1995 •  Business Development manager position at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1982 to 1984 •  Manager and sales positions at The Procter & Gamble Company from 1975 to 1982 •  B.S. degrees in Economics and Psychology from Boston College Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Distinguished record of building strong businesses and growing iconic brands, having served over 15 years as
Chief Executive Officer and other senior management roles at Campbell Soup Company, whose products are sold in over 120 countries around the world •  Her extensive executive leadership experience provides her with a strong understanding of the key strategic
challenges and opportunities of running a large, complex business, including financial management, operations, risk management, talent management, and succession planning, which contributes to her service on our Audit and Risk and Compensation
Committees •  Her prior experience in sales, marketing, operations, and business development in leading
consumer product companies add to her deep understanding of the consumer and retail market •  Her board and
committee service with public and private companies provide her with a strong understanding of the effective functioning of corporate governance structures 39 Table of Contents Linda J. Rendle Age: 44 Independent Director Since: November 2020 Board Committees: Finance Committee; Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) The Clorox Company; Visa Inc. (prior) none Career Highlights: •  Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox
Company, a global consumer products company, since September 2020 •  Several other senior positions at
Clorox for nearly 20 years, including: President from May 2020 to September 2020; EVP, Global Operations & Strategy, Cleaning and International from July 2019 to May 2020; EVP, Global Operations & Strategy, International, Better Health from
January 2019 to July 2019; EVP and General Manager, Cleaning, Professional Products and Strategy from June 2018 to January 2019; SVP and General Manager, Cleaning and Professional Products from April 2017 to June 2018; SVP and General Manager,
Cleaning from August 2016 to April 2017; VP and General Manager, Home Care from October 2014 to August 2016; VP, Sales, Cleaning from April 2012 to October 2014; other positions of increasing responsibility, including VP, Sales, Director of Sales
Planning and Senior Sales Analyst from January 2003 to April 2012 •  Several positions in sales management
at Procter & Gamble from August 2000 to December 2002 •  Bachelor’s degree in Economics from
Harvard University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Strong
track record of outstanding business results and values-led leadership, gained from nearly 20 years spent in a variety of senior operational and executive roles across many of Clorox’s businesses, provide her with a diverse perspective on
global sales, product innovation, and business strategy •  As Chief Executive Officer of a global company,
her extensive experience and instrumental role in developing key corporate strategies provide important insights and perspectives with respect to global product development, growth, and long-range planning Maynard G. Webb, Jr. Age: 67 Independent Director Since: January 2014 Board Committees: Finance Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Public Company Directorships: (current) Salesforce.com. Inc.; Visa Inc. (prior) Extensity, Inc.;
Gartner, Inc.; Hyperion Solutions Corporation; LiveOps, Inc.; Niku Corporation; Yahoo! Inc. Career Highlights: •  Founder of Webb Investment Network, an early stage investment firm, since 2010 •  Chairman of the Board of LiveOps Inc., a cloud-based call center, from 2008 to 2013 and was its Chief
Executive Officer from December 2006 to July 2011 •  Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc., a global
commerce and payments provider, from June 2002 to August 2006, and President of eBay Technologies from August 1999 to June 2002 •  Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Gateway, Inc., a computer manufacturer, from July 1998
to August 1999 •  Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Bay Networks, Inc., a computer networking
products manufacturer, from February 1995 to July 1998 •  Bachelor of Applied Arts degree from Florida
Atlantic University Specific Qualifications, Experience, Attributes, and Skills: •  Significant experience in developing, managing, and leading high-growth technology companies, both from his
roles as an investor and as a senior executive of LiveOps and eBay •  Substantial leadership and operational
experience, having served as the Chief Executive Officer of LiveOps, Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Inc., President of eBay Technologies, and as Chief Information Officer of Gateway and Bay Networks •  His experience and expertise in engineering and information technology, as well as his prior and current
service on the boards of several large, publicly-traded technology companies, enable him to contribute to the board’s understanding and oversight of Visa’s management, operations, systems, and strategies 40 Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES Except where otherwise indicated, we believe that the stockholders named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The following tables are based on 1,627,853,381 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of November 25, 2022. Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets
forth information known to the Company as of November 25, 2022 with respect to beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock by: • each member of the Board; • our named executive officers for fiscal year 2022; and • all current executive officers and directors of Visa as a group. None of the directors or named executive officers individually, or directors and current executive officers as a group, beneficially owned more than 1%
of the total number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding as of November 25, 2022. Name of Beneficial
Owner Class A common stock Class A common stock obtainable within 60 days Total (1) Directors and Named Executive
Officers: Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 166,728 651,692 818,420 Rajat Taneja 272,569 529,260 801,829 Ryan McInerney 167,503 625,480 792,983 Vasant Prabhu 79,777 464,973 544,750 Kelly Mahon Tullier 47,038 217,111 264,149 Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal 29,591 29,591 Robert W. Matschullat 27,234 27,234 Mary B. Cranston 10,156 10,156 Denise M. Morrison 6,461 6,461 John F. Lundgren 6,123 6,123 Lloyd A. Carney 3,840 3,840 Ramon Laguarta 3,624 3,624 Maynard G. Webb, Jr. 1,481 1,481 Teri L. List 881 881 Kermit R. Crawford 550 550 Linda J. Rendle 0 0 All Directors and Executive
Officers as a Group (18 persons) 855,866 2,672,123 3,527,989 (1) Total does not include the following number of shares deferred by each of our directors, as to which no voting or
investment power currently exists: Mr. Matschullat (2,880), Ms. Cranston (13,819), Mr. Kelly (2,500), Mr. Webb (12,338), and Ms. Rendle (2,350). 41 Table of Contents Principal Stockholders The following table shows those persons known to the Company to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of the Company’s Class A common stock
based on the information disclosed in the SEC filings identified below and the number of the Company’s Class A common stock outstanding as of November 25, 2022. In furnishing the information below, the Company has relied on
information filed with the SEC by the beneficial owners. Name and Address of
Beneficial Owner Date of Schedule 13G/A Filing Amount and Nature of Beneficial 
Ownership (1) Percent of Class (%) The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 February 10, 2022 143,761,460 8.62 BlackRock Inc. 55 East 52 nd Street New York, NY 10055 February 3, 2022 129,069,749 7.70 (1) Beneficial Owner Sole Power to Vote Shared Power to Vote Sole Power to Dispose Shared Power to Dispose Vanguard 0 2,855,175 136,777,068 6,984,392 BlackRock 107,488,686 0 129,069,749 0 42 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Biographical data for each of our current executive officers is set forth below, excluding Mr. Kelly’s biography, which is included under Director Nominee Biographies above. Of our seven executive officers, 43% are diverse by race or ethnicity (Messrs. Fabara, Prabhu, and Taneja) and 29% are women (Mses. Mahon Tullier and Rottenberg). Paul D. Fabara Chief Risk
Officer Age: 57 •  Joined Visa in September 2019 •  Responsible for maintaining the integrity and security of the Visa payment system, while also
serving as the principal liaison with regulatory agencies •  Ensures that Visa continues to
deliver industry-leading services to prevent, detect, and mitigate the impact of fraud and security attacks on Visa’s clients and other payment system stakeholders •  Held many senior positions at American Express Company, a multinational financial services
corporation, from 2011 to 2019, most recently as President, Global Services Group from February 2018 to September 2019, where he was responsible for the company’s global servicing functions, including customer service, credit, and fraud
operations, as well as enterprise-wide strategic initiatives; and Chief Risk Officer and President, Global Risk, Banking & Compliance, where he promoted strong capabilities and disciplined, integrated risk controls, from February 2016 to
February 2018 •  Held senior positions at Barclays, a multinational investment bank and
financial services company, including Managing Director, Global Head of Operations, Regulatory Implementation and Planning from February 2009 to January 2011, and Global Chief Operating Officer, Barclaycard from August 2006 to February 2009 •  Former Chief Operating Officer, Card Services at Alliance Data Systems, provider of loyalty
and marketing services, from June 2002 to August 2006 •  Started his career at Providian
Financial Corporation, where he served in many capacities, including risk management, underwriting, marketing, sales and service and credit administration Ryan McInerney President Age: 47 •  Joined Visa in May 2013 •  Responsible for delivering value to Visa’s financial institutions, acquirers, merchants,
and strategic partners in more than 200 countries and territories around the world •  Oversees Visa’s market leadership teams, client services, strategic initiatives, global
products, value-added services, and new payment flows •  Served as Chief Executive Officer
of Consumer Banking for JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm, from June 2010 to May 2013, where he oversaw a business with more than 75,000 employees and revenues of approximately $14 billion; was responsible for a banking network
serving 20 million customers in 23 states •  Served as Chief Operating Officer for Home
Lending and as Chief Risk Officer for Chase’s consumer businesses, overseeing all credit risk management in credit card, home lending, auto finance, education finance, consumer banking, and business banking; also served as Chase’s head of
Product and Marketing for Consumer Banking •  Former Principal at McKinsey &
Company in the firm’s retail banking and payments practices •  Received a finance
degree from the University of Notre Dame Vasant Prabhu Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer Age: 62 •  Joined Visa in February 2015 •  Responsible for the Company’s financial strategies, planning, and reporting, in addition
to all finance operations and investor relations •  Served as Chief Financial Officer for
NBCUniversal, a multinational media conglomerate, from May 2014 to February 2015, where he oversaw the company’s financial planning and operations and played a key role in NBCUniversal’s strategic business initiatives. Also managed the
Operations and Technical Services division, which included NBCUniversal’s technical operations, physical plant, corporate services, and information technology functions •  Served as Chief Financial Officer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., a
hotel company that is now part of Marriott International, from 2004 to May 2014 •  Former
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, E-Commerce for Safeway, Inc., the supermarket retailer •  Gained experience in the media sector as President of the Information and Media Group, The
McGraw-Hill Companies, where he led a $1 billion division comprising Business Week, Broadcast television stations, and Business Information Services •  Held senior positions at PepsiCo, including Senior Vice President of Finance & Chief
Financial Officer, Pepsi-Cola International •  Started his career at Booz, Allen &
Hamilton, the management consulting firm, where he rose to become a Partner serving Media and Consumer companies •  Received his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago and a B.S. in Engineering from the Indian
Institute of Technology 43 Table of Contents Julie B. Rottenberg General Counsel Age: 54 •  Joined Visa in February 2008 •  Responsible for the Company’s global legal and compliance functions, including leading
the company’s litigation, regulatory, commercial agreements, and M&A matters •  Former senior member of litigation team and Deputy General Counsel and Chief Counsel for
North America for the Company •  Former partner at Arnold & Porter, LLP •  Served as a law clerk to the Honorable Robert Beezer, U.S. Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit,
and the Honorable Samuel Wilson, U.S. District Court, Western District of Virginia •  Received a B.A., cum laude, in Political Science from San Diego State University and J.D.
with highest honors from The George Washington University Law School Rajat Taneja President, Technology Age: 58 •  Joined Visa in November 2013 •  Responsible for the Company’s technology innovation and investment strategy, product
engineering, global IT, and operations infrastructure •  Served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Technology Officer of Electronic Arts Inc., a video game company, from October 2011 to November 2013, where he was responsible for platform engineering, data center operations, and IT supporting the company’s global customer base •  Worked at Microsoft Corporation, including most recently as the Corporate Vice President,
Commerce Division, in 2011 and the General Manager and Corporate Vice President, Online Services Division, from 2007 to 2011 •  Member of the Board of Directors of MSCI Inc. •  Received a B.E. in Electrical Engineering from Jadavpur University and an M.B.A. from
Washington State University Kelly Mahon Tullier Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer, and Corporate Secretary Age: 56 •  Joined Visa in June 2014 •  Oversees the Company’s people organization, as well as the global communication function
and corporate services functions, comprising corporate real estate, aviation, security, and global events •  Served as the Company’s Chief Legal and Administrative Officer from January 2021 to
September 2021, and General Counsel from October 2014 to January 2021 •  Former Senior Vice
President and Deputy General Counsel for PepsiCo, Inc., a multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation, from August 2011 to June 2014, and managed the global legal teams supporting the business around the world, as well as centralized teams
responsible for mergers and acquisitions, intellectual property, regulatory, litigation, and procurement legal matters; also served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for PepsiCo’s Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa division, based
in Dubai •  Former Vice President and General Counsel for Frito-Lay, Inc., with responsibility for a wide range of legal, policy, and compliance issues •  Former associate at Baker Botts LLP and also served as a law clerk for the Honorable Sidney
A. Fitzwater, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Texas •  Received her B.A. from
Louisiana State University and her J.D., magna cum laude, from Cornell Law School 44 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes our executive compensation philosophy and programs, and compensation decisions made under those
programs for our NEOs for fiscal year 2022. Our NEOs are listed below. Name Title Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Vasant Prabhu Vice Chair, Chief Financial Officer Ryan McInerney President Rajat Taneja President, Technology Kelly Mahon Tullier Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer Philosophy of our Compensation Program We tie a substantial portion of our NEOs’ overall target annual compensation to the achievement of pre-established financial and non-financial performance goals, which include ESG metrics. The Compensation Committee’s objectives are to balance short- and
long-term performance criteria, as well as to recognize corporate, business, and individual achievements that impact all stakeholders. The primary principles that guide the compensation program design and administration are summarized below. Principles of our
Compensation Program Pay for Performance The key principle of our compensation philosophy is pay for performance. We
favor variable “at risk” pay opportunities over fixed pay, with our NEOs’ total compensation determined based on performance measured against annual and long-term goals and stockholder return. Promote Alignment with Stakeholders’ Interests We reward
performance that meets or exceeds goals that the Compensation Committee establishes with the objective of increasing stockholder value over time, aligning with other stakeholders’ interests, and driving long-term strategic outcomes, including
the Company’s broader ESG efforts. Attract, Motivate, and Retain Key Talent We design our compensation program to attract, motivate, and retain key talent. 45 Table of Contents Key Elements of our Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Program Components of Executive Compensation Compensation Component Type of Pay Key Characteristics Purpose Annual Cash Compensation Base Salary Fixed Reviewed annually based on individual performance, market pay levels, and internal pay equity. Attracts, retains, and rewards NEOs by providing a fixed source of income to reward experience, skills, and competencies. Annual Incentive Awards Cash Incentive Awards Performance- Based Variable cash compensation component based on performance against pre-established performance goals in four categories that are aligned with our corporate strategy:
Financial; Client; Foundational; and Operational Excellence, Talent, & ESG. Focuses NEOs on our annual results and aligns NEOs’ interests with stakeholders’ interests by rewarding performance based on the achievement of pre-established, strategic annual goals. Long-term Incentive Awards Equity Granted in the Form of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, and Performance Shares Performance- Based Stock option and restricted stock unit awards vest annually over a three-year period. Performance shares vest at the end of a three-year performance period. Aligns NEOs’ interests with stockholders’ interests by linking a substantial portion of each
NEO’s compensation to stock performance and the achievement of long-term corporate performance and operational efficiency. Recognizes company and individual performance in grant value determinations. Retains NEOs through multi-year vesting of equity awards and three-year
performance periods, as applicable. Provides opportunities for
stock ownership, which attracts and motivates our NEOs and promotes retention. 46 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Highlights Visa delivered strong financial results in fiscal year 2022, with net revenues, net income, and EPS all up more than 20% year-over-year. The following
table summarizes our key financial results for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Please see the section entitled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of our fiscal year 2022 financial results. Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Change (%) (1) Net Revenues Growth, as reported 22 % (1) 10 % (1) n/a GAAP Net Income (in millions, except percentage) $ 14,957 $ 12,311 21 % Non-GAAP Net Income (in millions,
except percentage) (2) $ 16,034 $ 12,933 24 % GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 7.00 $ 5.63 24 % Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per
Share (2) $ 7.50 $ 5.91 27 % (1) Calculated over the comparable prior-year period and based on unrounded numbers. (2) Non-GAAP net income and Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 reflect results as reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP), excluding certain items that we believe were not representative
of our continuing performance, as they were non-recurring or had no cash impact, and could distort our longer-term operating trends. For supplemental financial data and corresponding reconciliation of our GAAP
to non-GAAP financial results, see Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2022. Non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a
substitute for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. When making its determination of the net revenues, net
income, and earnings per share metrics, which were used as goals for the annual incentive plan and for performance share awards, the Compensation Committee made further adjustments as described under Compensation Discussion and
Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Selected Corporate Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2022 and Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Long-Term
Incentive Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in Fiscal Year 2022. Performance-Based Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 A significant portion of our fiscal year 2022 NEO compensation program is variable and at-risk and ties
compensation to pre-established performance conditions, as described below. Variable over Fixed Pay • For fiscal year 2022, 94% of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s target total direct compensation was
performance-based and 92% of the average of our other NEOs’ target total direct compensation was performance-based. • Each NEO’s performance-based compensation includes an annual cash incentive award and long-term performance shares.
For the annual cash incentive, the target award value is established at the beginning of the fiscal year and the actual award amount is determined based on performance measured against pre-established goals at year-end. Performance shares provide the opportunity for shares to be earned at the end of a three-year performance period based on the achievement of pre-established financial goals. The payouts for the annual cash incentive and performance shares are capped at 200% of target. 47 Table of Contents Focus on Pre-Established Performance Metrics • For fiscal year 2022, the annual incentive plan included financial performance goals related to Net Revenues Growth, Net
Income Growth, and EPS Growth, as described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Selected Corporate Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2022 . In this proxy statement,
we refer to these metrics as Net Revenues Growth – VIP adjusted, Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted, and EPS Growth – VIP adjusted. Actual performance for the financial metrics in the annual incentive plan exceeded the performance goals
established for the fiscal year. • Similar to our approach for fiscal year 2021, the fiscal year 2022 annual incentive plan scorecard also included goals
in the following three categories: Client; Foundational; and Operational Excellence, Talent, & ESG. These performance goals were designed to align with our strategic objectives, including ESG initiatives, as described under Compensation
Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Selected Corporate Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2022 . After the end of the fiscal year, the Compensation Committee carefully considered the
Company’s performance against each of the pre-established goals and evaluated the degree to which each goal was exceeded, met, or not achieved, as described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis
– Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Selected Corporate Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2022 . Based on this analysis, as well as its review of each NEO’s individual performance, the Compensation Committee determined
that the payout for the annual incentive plan would be 160% of each NEO’s target payout. • The performance shares granted to our NEOs are based on our average EPS result over the three separate years applicable
to the particular performance share award and our cumulative relative TSR for the three-year period. In this proxy statement, we refer to the EPS metric as EPS – PS adjusted. Our fiscal year 2022 EPS – PS adjusted was above the maximum
established for fiscal year 2022, resulting in a performance factor of 200% for the relevant portion of each award. • The performance shares previously awarded on November 19, 2019 completed their three-year performance period at the
end of fiscal year 2022. Performance shares earned pursuant to these awards were based on EPS – PS adjusted for fiscal years 2020, 2021, and 2022 and our three-year relative TSR measured against the other companies in the S&P 500. As
described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Long Term Incentive Compensation – Determination of Shares Earned for Performance Shares Previously Awarded on
November 19, 2019, performance against the two metrics resulted in the vesting of 113.3% of the target number of performance shares subject to these awards. As described in our proxy statement filed with the SEC on
December 3, 2020, our fiscal year 2020 EPS – PS adjusted fell below the threshold established for fiscal year 2020, resulting in a performance factor of 0%. This fiscal year 2020 performance factor negatively affected the number of
performance shares that vested in November 2020, November 2021, and November 2022 by 41.7%, 33.7%, and 28.3%, respectively, assuming the fiscal year 2020 EPS – PS adjusted had resulted in target-level performance. 48 Table of Contents Highlights of our Compensation Program WHAT WE DO Pay for
Performance: A significant portion of each NEO’s target annual compensation is variable and at-risk based on achievement of pre-established performance
goals. Annual Say-on-Pay Vote: We conduct an annual Say-on-Pay advisory vote. Recoupment
Policies: Our Clawback Policy authorizes the Board to recapture past incentive compensation payments or cancel outstanding awards in the event of a material restatement of the Company’s financial results due to fraud, intentional
misconduct, or gross negligence of the executive officer, and our equity award agreements provide for the forfeiture of equity-based awards in the event of specified detrimental activity in the absence of a restatement. Short-Term and
Long-Term Incentives/Measures: Our annual and long-term plans provide a balance of incentives and include complementary measures of performance. Capped Incentive
Award: Payouts under our annual incentive plan and long-term performance shares are capped at 200% of target. Independent
Compensation Consultant: The Compensation Committee engages an independent compensation consultant, who provides no other services to the Company. Stock Ownership
Guidelines: To further align the interests of management with our stakeholders, we have stock ownership guidelines that require our executive officers to hold a significant multiple of their annual base salary in equity. Limited
Perquisites: We provide limited special benefits to executive officers and do not provide tax gross-ups other than with respect to business-related relocation expenses. Engagement with Stockholders: Our Board and management team greatly value the opinions and feedback of our stockholders, which is why we have proactive, ongoing engagement with our stockholders throughout the year
focused on executive compensation. WHAT WE DON’T DO Gross-up for Excise Taxes: Our
Executive Severance Plan does not contain a gross-up for excise taxes that may be imposed as a result of severance or other payments deemed to be made in connection with a change of control. Repricing of Stock Options: Our equity incentive plan prohibits the repricing
of stock options and stock appreciation rights without prior stockholder approval. Fixed-Term Employment Agreements: Employment of our executive officers is
“at will” and may be terminated by either the Company or the employee at any time. Single-Trigger Severance Arrangements: Our Executive Severance Plan and
equity award agreements require a qualifying termination of employment in addition to a change of control before any change of control payments or benefits are triggered. Hedging and Pledging: Our insider trading policy prohibits all employees and
directors from hedging their economic interest in the Visa shares they hold or pledging Visa shares as collateral for a loan. 49 Table of Contents Say-on-Pay At the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, approximately 88% of the votes cast on the Company’s annual Say-on-Pay proposal supported our fiscal year 2021 NEO compensation program. In general, we believe these results represent investor support of our overall compensation philosophy and decisions. Accordingly,
the Compensation Committee did not make any changes to the underlying structure of our executive compensation program for fiscal year 2022 directly as a result of the Say-on-Pay vote. Nevertheless, the Compensation Committee regularly reviews the compensation program to ensure it remains competitive and aligned with our
stakeholders’ interests and the principles of the program. As discussed under Corporate Governance – Stockholder Engagement , we have proactive, ongoing engagement with our stockholders throughout the year related to a number of
topics, including executive compensation. We reached out to our top 75 stockholders, representing approximately 65% of our outstanding Class A common stock. The most common question we received related to our executive compensation program was
whether, and how, ESG principles are incorporated into our executive compensation program. As described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Annual Incentive Plan , ESG goals are incorporated
into our annual incentive plan design and are a key component of the program. Setting Executive Compensation Compensation Committee and Management Our
Compensation Committee, which consists solely of independent directors, is responsible for establishing and reviewing the overall compensation philosophy and program for our NEOs. As discussed in detail under Committees of the Board of Directors – Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs, when establishing the annual
compensation program for our NEOs, the Compensation Committee takes into consideration the potential risks associated with the program and structures it to provide appropriate incentives without encouraging excessive risk taking. Setting Performance Goals and Making Compensation Determinations Before End of Fiscal Year Beginning of Fiscal Year During Fiscal Year After End of Fiscal Year ● Compensation Committee begins with a review of our compensation program, including determining if our compensation levels are competitive with our peer
companies and if any changes should be made to the program for the next fiscal year. ● Compensation Committee determines the principal components of compensation for the NEOs and the individual performance goals of the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and sets the performance goals for each performance-based compensation component. ● Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer sets individual performance goals for each of the other NEOs, which are reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The individual performance goals are designed to further drive our corporate goals and strategic objectives
while holding the NEOs accountable for their performance. ● Compensation Committee meets regularly throughout the year, with management and in executive session, and reviews the Company’s performance to date
against the corporate performance goals. ● The Compensation Committee also reviews the executive compensation program to ensure that it remains competitive and aligned with our
stakeholders’ interests and the other principles of the program. The Compensation Committee’s independent consultant generally attends all committee meetings. ● Compensation Committee conducts a multi-part review of each NEO and the Company’s performance for the preceding fiscal year measured against the pre-established performance goals and makes annual compensation determinations. The Compensation Committee’s objective is to ensure that the level of compensation approved is consistent with the level of
performance delivered. ● Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer reviews the performance of each NEO (other than his own performance, which is reviewed by the Compensation
Committee and the other independent directors) and presents his compensation recommendations to the Compensation Committee. ● Compensation Committee reviews the compensation recommendations relating to NEOs that were made by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and approves all compensation decisions for our NEOs based on its assessment of performance. ● For his own performance review, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer prepares a self-assessment, which is reviewed by each independent director and
discussed by the Compensation Committee and the other independent directors of the Board. When making compensation decisions for our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and other NEOs, the Compensation Committee considers the views of the other
independent directors. 50 Table of Contents Role of Independent Consultant Our Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and replace compensation consultants to provide it with independent advice. The Compensation
Committee has engaged Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC (Meridian) as its independent consultant to advise it on executive and non-employee director compensation matters. This selection was made without the
influence of management. Under the terms of its agreement with the Compensation Committee, Meridian does not provide any other services to the Company, unless directed to do so by the Compensation Committee and within the scope of the Compensation
Committee’s charter. During fiscal year 2022, Meridian provided no services to the Company other than to advise the Compensation Committee on executive and non-employee director compensation issues. In
addition, at the start of fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee conducted a formal evaluation of the independence of Meridian and, based on this review, did not identify any actual or potential conflict of interest raised by the work
performed by Meridian. When conducting this evaluation, the Compensation Committee took into consideration the factors set forth in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) Rule 10C-1 and the
NYSE’s listing standards. Compensation Peer Group As part of its annual compensation review process, the Compensation Committee discussed with its independent consultant an analysis of our fiscal year
2022 executive compensation program, including total compensation and the elements used to compensate our NEOs. It then compared their compensation to that of similarly situated NEOs of other companies in our compensation peer group. The review was
based on public compensation data for our compensation peer group and data from third-party compensation surveys. To best inform their pay
decisions based on where the Company competes for talent, the Compensation Committee has established two categories for identifying peer companies: • Direct business competitors. • Related-industry competitors that are S&P 500 companies (a) classified as financial services, technology
excluding hardware and manufacturing, and interactive media/entertainment; (b) with a 12-month average market capitalization value between approximately one-fourth and four times Visa’s average market capitalization; and (c) with annual revenues of less than $150 billion. Certain peer companies may fall outside of these guidelines if they are
determined to be a relevant market competitor for NEO talent. A list of 24 companies identified as peers for fiscal year 2022 is
shown below. Direct Peers Related Industry Peers Financial Services Technology & Interactive Media/Entertainment – American Express Company – Discover Financial Services – Mastercard Incorporated – PayPal Holdings, Inc. – Bank of America Corporation – BlackRock, Inc. – Capital One Financial Corporation – Citigroup Inc. – JPMorgan Chase & Co. – Morgan Stanley – The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation – The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. – The PNC Financial Services Group,
Inc. – U.S. Bancorp – Wells Fargo & Company – Accenture plc – Adobe Inc. – Alphabet Inc. – Block, Inc. – IBM Corporation – Meta Platforms, Inc. – Microsoft Corporation – Oracle Corporation – salesforce.com, inc. In July 2022, using the methodology described above, the Compensation Committee reviewed the peer companies and removed
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation from the list of companies for fiscal year 2023 and for compensation decisions at the end of fiscal year 2022. 51 Table of Contents Use of Market Data To attract and retain key executives, we consider total compensation for our NEOs by reference to the range of compensation paid to similarly situated
executives of our compensation peer group. This includes salary, annual incentive targets, and long-term incentive grant values. The actual level of our NEOs’ total direct compensation is determined based on both individual and corporate
performance and can vary based on such factors as expertise, performance, or advancement potential. Internal Equity and Tally Sheets As part of its annual compensation review, the Compensation Committee compares our NEOs’ target annual compensation levels to ensure that they are
internally equitable. The Compensation Committee also regularly reviews tally sheets for each NEO to ensure that it is considering a complete assessment of all compensation and benefits. The tally sheets include the aggregate amount of equity awards
and other compensation values accumulated by each NEO and potential payments upon termination of employment both related and unrelated to a change of control. Summary of Fiscal Year 2022 Base Salary and Incentive Compensation In November 2022, the
Compensation Committee determined our NEOs’ total direct compensation based on corporate and individual performance for fiscal year 2022 and other relevant information such as market data and the advice of its independent compensation
consultant, as described in this Compensation Discussion & Analysis . The NEOs’ total direct compensation consists of the following elements: base salary for fiscal year 2022; annual incentive plan payments earned
for performance in fiscal year 2022; and long-term equity incentives consisting of performance shares, stock options, and restricted stock units granted on November 19, 2022. The table below reflects these components for each NEO for fiscal year 2022. As the long-term incentive awards for fiscal year 2022 set forth in the
following table were awarded after the end of the fiscal year, they are discussed under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2023 Compensation . The equity awards discussed under Compensation Discussion and Analysis
– Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Long-Term Incentive Compensation refer to the equity awards made on November 19, 2021, during fiscal year 2022. The table below differs substantially from the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 later in this proxy
statement in that the equity awards included in the table for fiscal year 2022 below were awarded on November 19, 2022 while the equity awards included in the Summary Compensation Table were granted on November 19, 2021. This
supplemental table is not intended as a substitute for the information in the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022, but is provided to show the total direct compensation that the Compensation Committee
approved in November 2022 following the end of the 2022 fiscal year, based on considerations including fiscal year 2022 performance. Incentive Compensation Name Base Salary ($) (1) Annual Incentive Plan ($) (2) Value
of Performance Shares (target value) ($) (3) Value
of Stock Options ($) (4) Value
of Restricted Stock Units ($) (4) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 1,550,000 6,200,000 10,750,000 5,375,000 5,375,000 29,250,000 Vasant Prabhu 1,100,000 3,520,000 4,500,000 2,250,000 2,250,000 13,620,000 Ryan McInerney 1,100,000 3,520,000 6,750,000 3,375,000 3,375,000 18,120,000 Rajat Taneja 1,100,000 3,520,000 6,250,000 3,125,000 3,125,000 17,120,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier 850,000 2,380,000 3,600,000 1,800,000 1,800,000 10,430,000 (1) Reflects the NEO’s rate of base salary as of September 30, 2022, which was effective October 1, 2021. 52 Table of Contents (2) Reflects the payment pursuant to the annual incentive plan approved by the Compensation Committee in November 2022 and
paid on November 15, 2022. These amounts are included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year
2022 . (3) Reflects the target dollar value of performance shares approved by the Compensation Committee in November 2022 and
awarded on November 19, 2022. Please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2023 Compensation for additional information regarding these awards. (4) Reflects the dollar value of restricted stock units and stock option grants approved by the Compensation Committee in
November 2022 and granted on November 19, 2022. The grant date fair value of these awards will be included in the fiscal year 2023 Summary Compensation Table in the proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2023 Compensation for additional information regarding these awards. Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation Base Salary When setting our NEOs’ base salaries, the Compensation Committee generally considers the range of compensation paid to similarly situated executive
officers of our compensation peer group. The Compensation Committee may set salaries relative to this range based on considerations including the expertise, performance, or advancement potential of each NEO, including relative to other NEOs. The
base salary levels of our NEOs typically are considered annually as part of our performance review process, and upon an NEO’s promotion or other change in job responsibilities. During its annual review of the base salaries of our NEOs for fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee considered market data for our compensation
peer group; an internal review of each NEO’s compensation, both individually and relative to other NEOs; and the individual performance of each NEO. Based on this review, and in consultation with its independent consultant, the Compensation Committee decided to increase Ms. Mahon Tullier’s
base salary from $800,000 to $850,000 in connection with her appointment to the role of Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer, and that it would not adjust the base salaries of our other NEOs for fiscal year 2022. Annual Incentive Plan Incentive Plan Target Award Percentage During fiscal year 2022, each of our NEOs was eligible to earn an annual cash incentive award under the Visa Inc. Incentive Plan (VIP). Each NEO’s
target award was expressed as a percentage of his or her base salary, reflecting market practice, internal equity among executive officers, and the intended value and mix of target total direct compensation. After the end of the fiscal year, the
Compensation Committee determined the amount of each NEO’s actual annual incentive award based upon its evaluation of achievement against pre-determined goals, with a maximum opportunity of 200% of the
target percentage attributable to each NEO. 53 Table of Contents Selected Corporate Performance Goals and Results for Fiscal Year 2022 The Compensation Committee approved an annual incentive scorecard for fiscal year 2022, similar to the approach it adopted last year. The scorecard
balances annual incentive determinations across financial and non-financial strategic priorities, with rigorous, pre-established quantitative and qualitative corporate
performance goals in four categories. The Compensation Committee established the goals early in the fiscal year, reviewed progress against each goal quarterly, and evaluated achievement of the goals at year-end. The Compensation Committee determined a payout percentage based on its evaluation of results against the scorecard and then reviewed each NEO’s individual performance against their annual goals
to determine whether any further adjustments should be made based on individual performance. These scorecard performance goals were established by
reference to our corporate strategy, which is designed to position the Company competitively and thereby deliver superior performance, and which should in turn create value for our stockholders and benefit our employees, clients, and the communities
in which we operate. The Compensation Committee expects our NEOs to be focused on a wide range of performance goals that are critical to our corporate strategy, by promoting financial goals along with other priorities that are vital to the
Company’s long-term success, such as ESG initiatives. This approach is aligned with our corporate strategy, enhances stockholder value, and reduces the likelihood of excessive risk taking with respect to any particular financial performance
goal. Accordingly, the scorecard design takes a holistic approach to the goal-setting process and does not apply specific weighting to the corporate performance goals described below, and the Compensation Committee carefully considered each goal in
its overall evaluation of corporate performance. The same scorecard is also used for determining the annual bonus funding for our broad-based employee bonus plan. Each of the performance goals for the annual incentive plan scorecard was established on November 2, 2021, except that preliminary Transactions
Growth and Cross-Border Growth goals were finalized on January 24, 2022. The performance goals were established based on the best available information at the time, amidst lingering uncertainty regarding the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the reopening of borders and resumption of international travel. The goals were designed to be challenging and were expected to incentivize the NEOs to advance Visa’s strategic and
operational priorities while the continuing impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s business was uncertain. In addition, these goals were established prior to the war in Ukraine and the unforeseeable impact
that this action would have on the Company’s business, as discussed below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Annual Incentive Plan – Payment of Annual Incentive Plan Awards for Fiscal
Year 2022 . The Compensation Committee did not adjust the annual incentive goals in response to these events. 54 Table of Contents The following table lists selected metrics from the annual incentive scorecard for fiscal year 2022. Financials, Clients, and Foundational Goals Selected Metrics Designed to promote strong financial results and align our NEOs’ interests with the interests of stockholders; develop and
enhance Visa’s relationships with clients; and support key business priorities •  Net Revenues Growth •  Net Income Growth •  EPS Growth •  Transactions Growth •  Payments Volume Growth •  Cross-Border Volume
Growth •  New Payment Flows •  Net New Acceptance Locations Operational Excellence, Talent, and ESG Goals Selected Metrics Designed to ensure that our NEOs enhance the wellbeing of our employees, clients, and the communities in which we operate, and
to advance our ESG strategy •  Sustainability •  Social Impact •  Talent •  Technology •  Cybersecurity •  Risk •  M&A Integration Following the end of fiscal 2022, the Compensation Committee evaluated the Company’s performance relative to each
goal in the annual incentive scorecard. The following tables provide detail on many of the goals and achievements that the Compensation Committee considered to be important drivers of the Company’s success when making its annual incentive
determinations for the NEOs. These goals and results represent a range of factors that demonstrate the value delivered by our NEOs to stockholders, our employees, clients, and the communities in which we operate. To maximize transparency into the
goal-setting process while balancing concerns that disclosure of some operational goals would provide our competitors with insight into specific business priorities and initiatives, not all metrics, goals, and results are described in detail. 55 Table of Contents Financials, Clients, and Foundational •  Net Revenues
Growth – VIP adjusted of 21.2%, exceeding the annual goal of 15.7% •  Net Income
Growth – VIP adjusted of 23.5%, exceeding the annual goal of 12.1% •  EPS Growth
– VIP adjusted of 26.5%, exceeding the annual goal of 13.7% •  Transactions
Growth of 12%, falling below the annual goal of 16% •  Constant-dollar Payments Volume Growth of 15%, exceeding the annual goal of
13% •  Constant-dollar Cross-border Volume Growth excluding Intra-Europe of 49%, exceeding the
annual goal •  Net New Acceptance Locations excluding China
of 15.5 million, exceeding the annual goal Operational Excellence, Talent, & ESG •  Exceeded our
goals related to protecting the Company from cyber threats; innovating on cyber capabilities for the Company and ecosystem to further advance our leadership position; and ensuring compliance with regulatory reviews •  Exceeded our
goals related to building, deploying, and automating a risk technology platform that protects the Company and the payments ecosystem; digitizing and advancing risk management capabilities to ensure that the Company maintains a strong control
environment; deploying new solutions to reduce risk and crime while driving strong client engagement and satisfaction; and continuing to provide capabilities that help to reduce fraud in the payments ecosystem •  Exceeded our
technology goals for authorization, clearing, and settlement processing success rates •  Met our goal
of successfully integrating Currencycloud and Tink and delivering fiscal year 2022 financial goals for the acquired businesses •  Exceeded our
goal of digitally enabling 18 million SMBs worldwide as part of our three-year goal of digitally enabling 50 million SMBs •  Met our goal
of maintaining 100% renewable electricity and carbon neutral operations and exceeded our goals of advancing on our commitment to reach net zero by 2040 and being a climate positive company •  Exceeded our
goal of 20% of our employees volunteering in charitable opportunities sponsored by the Company, with 24% of our employees participating in such programs •  Met our goal
of increasing representation for underrepresented employees in the U.S. and continued our efforts to improve representation of women globally •  Met our goals of creating a compelling
employee value proposition to enable effective storytelling about the Company workplace; enhancing talent acquisition capabilities, process, and controls; enhancing our employee retention strategy with particular emphasis on career development,
people leadership development, and talent assessment; managing cultural, structural, and process changes to successfully transition to a hybrid model of work; increasing participation in, and satisfaction with, virtual-live programs for employees;
and establishing a multi-year strategy to support the transformation of our People team For purposes of the annual incentive plan, our Net Revenues Growth – VIP adjusted for fiscal year 2022 was
determined as year-over-year growth in gross revenues net of client incentives, adjusted to exclude pre-established adjustments made in accordance with the terms of the annual incentive plan determined at the
beginning of fiscal year 2022. Our Net Income Growth – VIP adjusted was determined by adjusting our GAAP Net Income to exclude certain items that we believe were not representative of our continuing performance, as they were non-recurring or had no cash impact, and could distort our longer-term operating trends, as well as other pre-established adjustments made in accordance with the terms of the
annual incentive plan determined at the beginning of fiscal year 2022, including net income related to acquisitions closed during fiscal year 2022. 56 Table of Contents Individual Performance for Fiscal Year 2022 In addition to its review of the Company’s overall results relative to each goal in the annual incentive scorecard and its determination of the
appropriate payout percentage to reflect these results, the Compensation Committee also evaluated each NEO’s individual performance, based on each NEO’s self-assessment and Mr. Kelly’s input. Individual performance goals for the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer were established with the oversight of the Compensation Committee. Individual performance goals for the other NEOs were proposed by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and reviewed by the Compensation
Committee. The following is a summary description of each NEO’s individual performance achievements for fiscal year 2022. Mr. Kelly •  Delivered strong financial results, including over 20% growth in net revenues, net income,
and EPS •  Deepened relationships with existing clients and successfully built new partnerships with
issuers, acquirers, fintechs, and enablers across the ecosystem •  Demonstrated exceptional leadership of Visa’s employees, particularly in response to
the war in Ukraine and the suspension of operations in Russia; continued to focus on employee engagement and wellbeing, leading Visa through the transition to a new hybrid work model, and exceeding goals to increase inclusion and diversity •  Further
aligned the organization and strategy and continued to enhance senior talent •  Championed Visa’s Purpose to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay
and be paid Mr. Prabhu •  Exceeded goals on all financial metrics •  Delivered
agile spend and investment management in response to rapidly evolving business conditions, particularly in relation to managing a smooth suspension of operations in Russia •  Closed
acquisitions of Tink and Currencycloud and provided strong leadership on a robust M&A pipeline and venture investment portfolio •  Supported the launch of a new business unit leveraging Visa’s industry-leading
capabilities in treasury and FX Mr. McInerney •  Signed key deals with new and existing clients to drive future revenue growth •  Accelerated growth in new flows and value added services, diversifying Visa’s
revenues •  Expanded network of networks strategy to enable the movement of money through all available
networks •  Continued key transformation initiatives including the evolution of Visa’s sales
operating model and increasing the agility of the organization •  Led global initiatives to support employee wellbeing, inclusion and diversity, and
talent Mr. Taneja •  Protected Visa’s assets and the ecosystem with strong cybersecurity defenses •  Demonstrated outstanding operational excellence through availability, reliability, and
resilience of core systems •  Supported product development and innovation across core products, new flows, and value
added services •  Continued to transform Visa’s technology organization, deepening alignment of product
development to Visa’s business strategy •  Championed inclusion and diversity efforts in attracting, retaining, and advancing
Technology talent 57 Table of Contents Ms. Mahon
Tullier •  Delivered strong management of board and
stockholder interactions •  Successfully led the People function through one of the highest-growth years in Visa’s
history •  Led initiatives to enhance Visa’s People processes, systems, and infrastructure •  Drove
initiatives to evolve Visa’s corporate real estate strategy •  Championed programs to enhance inclusion and diversity, including the Visa Black Scholars
and Jobs Program •  Provided exceptional support to Visa’s Ukrainian and Russian colleagues during an
unprecedented crisis Payment of Annual Incentive Plan Awards for Fiscal Year 2022 Based on its analysis of Visa’s performance relative to each annual incentive scorecard goal, the Compensation Committee determined that the payout
percentage for the 2022 annual incentive plan would be 160% of target and that it would not adjust this payout percentage for any NEO based on its evaluation of the individual achievements described above. In making this assessment, the Compensation
Committee considered the impact of the Company’s decision in March 2022 to suspend its operations in Russia due to the war in Ukraine. These unfortunate events were not foreseeable when the Compensation Committee established the performance
goals, and they impacted the ability of the Company to achieve some of the goals in the annual incentive scorecard, such as Transactions Growth, for reasons outside of our executives’ control. The Company’s number one priority in the weeks
and months following the March 2022 announcement was ensuring the safety and security of our colleagues and their families who were directly impacted, while complying with all applicable global sanctions. Despite these challenges, the Company
delivered strong financial and non-financial results relative to the scorecard goals, which the Compensation Committee considered when making its annual incentive determinations. The Compensation Committee
determined that the payout percentage of 160% appropriately reflected, in the aggregate, the Company’s and each NEO’s performance relative to the pre-established goals, especially in light of the
ongoing events in Russia and Ukraine and their impact on the Company’s business. The fiscal year 2022 annual cash incentive award payments are
included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 and are set forth in the following table. Annual Base Salary x Target Annual Incentive% (1) Target Annual Incentive $ (1) x Payout Percentage = Final Award Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. $1,550,000 250% $3,875,000 160% $6,200,000 Vasant Prabhu $1,100,000 200% $2,200,000 160% $3,520,000 Ryan McInerney $1,100,000 200% $2,200,000 160% $3,520,000 Rajat Taneja $1,100,000 200% $2,200,000 160% $3,520,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier (2) $   850,000 175% $1,487,500 160% $2,380,000 (1) The “maximum” amounts are provided under the Executive Compensation – Grants of Plan-Based Awards in
Fiscal Year 2022 Table . (2) In connection with her appointment to the role of Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer effective
October 1, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved an increase in Ms. Mahon Tullier’s base salary from $800,000 to $850,000 and an increase in her annual incentive target percentage from 150% to 175% of base salary. Long-Term Incentive Compensation The
2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan is intended to promote our long-term success by attracting, motivating, and retaining our non-employee directors, officers, and employees. 58 Table of Contents The Compensation Committee administers the equity incentive plan with respect to our NEOs and
determines, in its informed judgment and in accordance with the terms of the equity incentive plan, the recipients who may be granted awards, the form and amount of awards, the terms and conditions of awards (including vesting and forfeiture
conditions), the timing of awards, and the form and content of award agreements. Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in Fiscal Year 2022 In determining the types and amounts of annual equity awards to be granted to our NEOs in fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee considered, in
consultation with its independent consultant, factors including the practices of companies in our compensation peer group, the actual compensation levels of similarly situated executive officers of companies in our compensation peer group, company
and individual performance, recommendations from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (for awards to the NEOs other than himself), and each NEO’s total compensation, including the value of outstanding awards held by each NEO. The
Compensation Committee also considered the incentives provided by different award types, including increasing stockholder value, avoiding excessive risk taking, and encouraging employee retention. The target value of equity awards granted to each NEO in fiscal year 2022 consisted of 25% stock options, 25% restricted stock units, and 50%
performance shares. Each award type is used to retain and incentivize key executive officers. Stock options generate value only if Visa’s stock price appreciates after the grant date, and performance shares are designed so that the number of
shares that are earned varies based on corporate performance results. The following table displays the total combined target value of equity awards
approved by the Compensation Committee for our NEOs in fiscal year 2022, and the award value broken down by component. The values in the table below differ from the values in the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal
Year 2022 and the Executive Compensation – Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2022 Table because the aggregate grant date fair values of the performance shares displayed in those tables are computed in accordance with
stock-based accounting rules and will be displayed in multiple years. Components of annual awards granted on November 19, 2021 Value of Stock Options ($) Value of Restricted Stock Units ($) Value
of Performance Shares at Target ($) Total Combined Value of Equity Awards ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 5,325,000 5,325,000 10,650,000 21,300,000 Vasant Prabhu 2,625,000 2,625,000 5,250,000 10,500,000 Ryan McInerney 3,337,500 3,337,500 6,675,000 13,350,000 Rajat Taneja 3,125,000 3,125,000 6,250,000 12,500,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier 1,762,500 1,762,500 3,525,000 7,050,000 Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units The dollar value of the annual equity awards in the table above were converted to a specific number of stock options or restricted stock units on the
November 19, 2021 grant date, based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on that date and the Black-Scholes value of stock options. The stock options and restricted stock units vest in three substantially equal annual
installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued employment through each such vesting date. 59 Table of Contents Performance Shares The value displayed for performance shares in the table above reflects the target value of the annual award. The target number of performance shares is
determined at the beginning of a three-year performance period and the number of shares earned at the end of the three-year period will range from zero to 200% of target depending on our corporate performance, as measured by: • the annual EPS goal established for each fiscal year; and • an overall modifier based on Visa’s TSR ranked relative to S&P 500 companies, or relative TSR Rank, over the
three-year performance period. Vesting of the performance shares is generally subject to each NEO’s continued employment
through the entire three-year performance period, except upon death, disability, retirement, involuntary terminations without cause, and certain qualifying (double-trigger) terminations in connection with a change in control, as described in the
section titled Executive Compensation – Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control . We set EPS goals annually and average
the results over three fiscal years to ensure that the goals are meaningful and the EPS results relative to the goals are not disproportionately impacted by unforeseeable market factors outside the NEOs’ control over a multi-year period, such
as the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy starting in fiscal year 2020 and the events in Russia and Ukraine in fiscal year 2022. This approach provides a performance and retention incentive
over the long term with three-year cliff vesting, while also including a modifier based on three-year relative TSR performance. FY2022-FY2024 Performance Share Design Impact of Stock Buybacks on EPS The amount of stock buybacks are budgeted at the beginning of the year. If Visa repurchased stock significantly above or below this level, the EPS
result would be adjusted accordingly. Relative TSR Modifier The relative TSR modifier will reduce by up to 25% the number of shares that are earned for periods when our TSR performance is below the median of the
companies comprising the S&P 500 and will increase by up to 25% the number of shares that are earned for periods when our TSR performance exceeds the median of the companies comprising the S&P 500. The total number of shares that may be
earned at the end of the three-year period is capped at 200% of the target number of shares. 60 Table of Contents EPS Goals One-third of the target performance shares awarded on November 19, 2021 was tied to the fiscal year 2022
EPS goal that the Compensation Committee established within the first 90 days of fiscal year 2022. The remaining two-thirds of the target shares awarded is tied to the EPS goals for each of fiscal years 2023
and 2024, which will be set by the Compensation Committee within the first 90 days of the respective fiscal year. The actual EPS result will be used to determine the percentage of target shares credited from each of the three award segments. If the
minimum EPS goal is reached in a particular year, 50% of the target shares will be credited for that segment; if the target EPS goal is reached, 100% of the target shares will be credited; and if the maximum EPS goal is reached, 200% of the target
shares will be credited. Results are interpolated for EPS performance between threshold and target, and between target and maximum. At the end of
fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee reviewed our EPS – PS adjusted of $7.48, which was determined by excluding from GAAP EPS certain adjustments from GAAP Net Income to exclude certain items that we believe were not
representative of our continuing performance, as they were non-recurring or had no cash impact, and could distort our longer-term operating trends, as well as other pre-established adjustments made in accordance with the terms of the awards determined at the beginning of fiscal year 2022, including net income related to acquisitions closed during fiscal year 2022. The
Compensation Committee determined that the final EPS – PS adjusted result of $7.48 exceeded the maximum goal of $7.30 for fiscal year 2022. At the completion of the entire three-year performance period in November 2024, the shares credited from the above EPS calculations for the three fiscal
years will be totaled and the overall number of shares will be modified based on Visa’s TSR Rank for the full three-year period. This TSR Rank modification may increase or decrease the final number of shares earned by a maximum of 25%, as
illustrated in the chart below; however, the final number of shares earned at the end of the three-year period, after the modification is applied, is capped at 200% of the initial target number. Threshold Performance Target Performance Maximum Performance Modifying Metric 75% 100% 125% 3-Year Visa TSR Rank vs. S&P 500 (1) 25 th Percentile or Below 50 th Percentile 75 th Percentile or Above (1) Results between the 25 th percentile and the 50 th percentile and between the 50 th percentile and the 75 th percentile are interpolated between
75% and 100% or 100% and 125%, respectively. 61 Table of Contents The EPS goal for fiscal year 2022 and actual EPS results discussed above also apply to the third
portion of the performance shares previously awarded to our NEOs on November 19, 2019 and the second portion of the performance shares previously awarded to our NEOs on November 19, 2020, as illustrated below. Consistent with FASB ASC Topic 718, the value of the performance share awards for fiscal year 2022 included in the
“Stock Awards” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 later in this proxy statement represents the third segment of the award made on November 19, 2019, the second segment of
the award made on November 19, 2020, and the first segment of the award made on November 19, 2021. Determination of Shares Earned for Performance
Shares Previously Awarded on November 19, 2019 The performance shares previously awarded to NEOs on November 19, 2019 completed
their three-year performance period following fiscal year 2022. As a result, the Compensation Committee determined and certified the Company’s actual results over the three-year period in November 2022, which determined the final number of
shares earned pursuant to those awards. As illustrated below, based on the annual EPS results for fiscal years 2020, 2021, and 2022, and our TSR Rank over the three-year period, the performance shares earned equated to 113.3% of the target award
established on November 19, 2019. Primary Metric Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Result ($) EPS Result as % of Target (1) Fiscal Year 2020 EPS 5.68 6.11 6.54 5.01 0.0% of Target Fiscal Year 2021 EPS 4.61 5.18 5.54 5.90 200.0% of Target Fiscal Year 2022 EPS 6.07 6.82 7.30 7.48 200.0% of Target Average Result 133.3% of Target (1) Percentage is based on unrounded values. Modifying Metric Threshold (75% modifier) Target (100% modifier) Maximum (125% modifier) Result Modifier % 3 Year TSR Rank v. S&P 500 25 th percentile 50 th percentile 75 th percentile 35 th percentile 85% 62 Table of Contents Primary Metric Result Times Modifying Metric Equals Final Payout Result as a % of Target (capped at 200%) 133.3% x 85 % = 113.3 % Based on this Final Payout Result of 113.3%, on November 30, 2022, the NEOs earned shares equal to 113.3% of the
target number of shares granted to each of them on November 19, 2019. As a result, Mr. Kelly earned 56,566 shares versus his target of 49,926 shares, Mr. McInerney earned 32,545 shares versus his target of 28,725 shares,
Mr. Prabhu earned 26,346 shares versus his target of 23,253 shares, Mr. Taneja earned 30,995 shares versus his target of 27,357 shares, and Ms. Mahon Tullier earned 12,398 shares versus her target of 10,943 shares. Retirement and Other Benefits Our benefits program is
designed to be competitive and cost-effective. It is our objective to provide core benefits, including medical, retirement, life insurance, paid time off, and leaves of absence, to all employees and to allow for supplementary non-core benefits to accommodate regulatory, cultural, and practical differences in the various geographies in which we have operations. We sponsor a frozen tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan, which we refer to as the retirement plan. We
also sponsor a tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) plan, which we refer to as the 401k plan, to provide market driven retirement benefits to all eligible employees in the United States. We maintained a non-qualified excess retirement benefit plan and a non-qualified excess 401k plan to make up for the limitations imposed on our tax-qualified plans by the Internal Revenue Code. New contributions to these non-qualified plans ceased to be effective February 1, 2014. We also sponsor an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan, which we refer to as the deferred
compensation plan, which allows executive officers and certain other highly compensated employees to defer a portion of their annual incentive awards to help them with tax planning and to provide competitive benefits. For additional information on
these plans, see the sections entitled Executive Compensation – Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2022 and Executive Compensation – Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits We provide limited perquisites and other personal benefits to facilitate the performance of our NEOs’ management responsibilities. For instance, we
maintain a company car and driver that allows for additional security, which are used by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for both business and personal use, as well as some business and limited personal use by other executive officers. From
time to time, our NEOs also may use the Company’s tickets for sporting, cultural, or other events for personal use rather than business purposes. If an incremental cost is incurred for such use, it is included in the “All Other
Compensation” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 if the aggregate amount paid by the Company in Fiscal Year 2022 for perquisites and personal benefits to an NEO equaled $10,000 or
more. In addition, we have a policy that allows for companion travel on business-related flights on our corporate aircraft by the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, the President, and other key employees, as approved by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. It is our policy that NEOs are responsible for all income taxes related to their personal usage of the Company car or corporate
aircraft, as well as travel by their companions. Additionally, no NEO may use the corporate aircraft for exclusive personal use (not related to business) except under the terms and conditions outlined in the Company’s aircraft time-sharing
agreement with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or under extraordinary circumstances with the advance approval of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee requires that Mr. Kelly use the aircraft for all
business and 63 Table of Contents personal travel, based on an independent third-party finding of a bona fide security concern, which recommended that Mr. Kelly use the aircraft for all travel. Related to this requirement,
Mr. Kelly is required under the terms of the aircraft time-sharing agreement to reimburse Visa for personal use of the aircraft for amounts in excess of $200,000 per fiscal year. Any personal use of the aircraft in excess of this limit by our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the aircraft time-sharing agreement requires him to reimburse Visa an amount (as determined by the Company) equal to the lesser of: (i) the amount that would, absent reimbursement, be reportable
with respect to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table (which we refer to as the SEC Cost), or (ii) the expenses of operating such flight that may be charged pursuant to Federal Aviation Regulation
Section 91.501(d) as in effect from time to time (which we refer to as the FAR Expenses). The Company’s obligation to provide the corporate aircraft for personal use ceases once the cost of the personal use reaches $500,000, as determined
by the Company using the lesser of the SEC Cost and the FAR Expenses. Severance In order to attract and retain high-performing NEOs, we believe it is appropriate to provide severance to an executive officer in certain circumstances.
Our severance arrangements are reasonable, responsible in value, tailored to the circumstances of the termination of employment, and in line with market practice. We do not gross up for excise taxes that may be imposed as a result of severance
payments and, for payments payable upon or following a change of control, we require a qualifying termination of employment in addition to the change of control. Please see the section entitled Executive Compensation – Potential Payments
upon Termination or Change of Control – Executive Severance Plan for additional information. Fiscal Year 2023 Compensation On November 2, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the annual equity awards for our NEOs to be granted on November 19, 2022, using
a combination of 25% of the total value of equity awards in stock options, 25% in restricted stock units, and 50% in performance shares at the target value, reflecting the same mix as used in prior years. The actual number of performance shares
earned will be based on the following: • the annual EPS goal established for each of the three fiscal years in the performance period; and • an overall modifier based on our TSR Rank over the three-year performance period. Vesting of the equity awards is generally subject to each NEO’s continued employment through the entire three-year performance period, except upon
certain terminations of employment due to death, disability, retirement, and certain qualifying (double-trigger) terminations in connection with a change in control. A portion of the equity awards is subject to pro-rata payment in the event of a termination by Visa without cause. Consistent with prior fiscal years,
the total combined value of each equity award was approved by the Compensation Committee after considering, in consultation with its independent consultant, the practices of companies in our compensation peer group, the actual compensation levels of
similarly situated executive officers of companies in our compensation peer group, corporate and individual performance during fiscal year 2022, recommendations from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (for awards to the NEOs other than
himself), and each NEO’s total compensation, including the value of outstanding awards held by the NEOs. The values in the table below will differ from the values in the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal
Year 2023 and the Executive Compensation – Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2023 Table because the aggregate grant date fair values of the performance shares that will be displayed in those tables will be computed in
accordance with stock-based accounting rules and will be displayed in multiple years. 64 Table of Contents Components of annual awards granted on November 19, 2022 Value of Stock Options ($) Value
of Restricted Stock Units ($) Value
of Performance Shares at Target ($) Total Combined Value of Equity Awards ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 5,375,000 5,375,000 10,750,000 21,500,000 Vasant Prabhu 2,250,000 2,250,000 4,500,000 9,000,000 Ryan McInerney 3,375,000 3,375,000 6,750,000 13,500,000 Rajat Taneja 3,125,000 3,125,000 6,250,000 12,500,000 Kelly Mahon Tullier 1,800,000 1,800,000 3,600,000 7,200,000 Other Equity Grant Practices and Policies Stock Grant Practices The Compensation Committee maintains
a Policy on Granting Equity Awards (Equity Grant Policy), which contains procedures to prevent stock option backdating and other grant timing issues. Under the Equity Grant Policy, the Compensation Committee approves annual grants to executive
officers and other members of the Executive Committee at a meeting to occur during the quarter following each fiscal year end. The Board has delegated the authority to Mr. Kelly as the sole member of the Stock Committee to make annual awards to
employees who are not members of the Executive Committee and who are not subject to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (Section 16 officers). The grant date for annual awards to all employees has been established as November 19 of each
year. In addition to the annual grants, stock awards may be granted at other times during the year to new hires, employees receiving promotions,
and in other special circumstances. The Equity Grant Policy provides that only the Compensation Committee may make such “off-cycle” grants to NEOs, other members of Visa’s Executive Committee,
and Section 16 officers. The Compensation Committee has delegated the authority to the Stock Committee to make off-cycle grants to other employees, subject to guidelines established by the Compensation
Committee. Any off-cycle awards approved by the Stock Committee or the Compensation Committee are granted on the 15 th day of the calendar month or on such
other date determined by the Stock Committee, Compensation Committee, or the Board. For all newly granted stock option awards, the exercise price
will be the closing price of our Class A common stock on the NYSE on the date of the grant. If the grant date falls on a non-trading day, the exercise price of stock option awards will be the closing
price of our Class A common stock on the NYSE on the last trading day preceding the date of grant. Stock Ownership Guidelines The Compensation Committee maintains stock ownership guidelines for our NEOs as follows: Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 6 x base salary Vasant Prabhu 4 x base salary Ryan McInerney 4 x base salary Rajat Taneja 4 x base salary Kelly Mahon Tullier 4 x base salary 65 Table of Contents Equity interests that count toward the satisfaction of the ownership guidelines include shares owned
outright by the individual, shares jointly owned, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and any deferred restricted stock units. Unexercised stock options and unearned performance shares do not count toward the guidelines. Newly hired or
promoted executives have five years from the date of the commencement of their appointment to attain these ownership levels. Each NEO currently meets or exceeds the applicable guideline set forth in the table above. If an executive officer does not
meet the applicable guideline by the end of the five-year period, the executive officer is required to hold a minimum of 50% of the net shares resulting from any future vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, or
exercise of stock options until the guideline is met. These guidelines reinforce the importance of aligning the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stakeholders and encourage our executive officers to consider the long-term
perspective when managing the Company. Hedging and Pledging Prohibition As part of our insider trading policy, all employees, including our NEOs, and non-employee directors are
prohibited from engaging in short sales of our securities, establishing margin accounts related to our securities, pledging our securities as collateral for a loan, buying or selling puts or calls on our securities, or otherwise engaging in hedging
transactions (such as zero-cost collars, exchange funds, and forward sale contracts) involving our securities. Recoupment Policies We have a Clawback Policy pursuant to which NEOs and other executive
officers may be required to reimburse or forfeit incentive compensation paid to them if the financial results upon which the awards were based are materially restated due to fraud, intentional misconduct, or gross negligence of the executive
officer. The Clawback Policy permits the Board to determine if it will seek to recover applicable compensation, taking into account the following
considerations as it deems appropriate: • Whether the amount of any bonus or equity compensation paid or awarded during the covered time period, based on the
achievement of specific performance targets, would have been reduced based on the restated financial results; • The likelihood of success of recouping the compensation under governing law relative to the effort involved; • Whether the recoupment may prejudice Visa’s interest in any related proceeding or investigation; • Whether the expense required to recoup the compensation is likely to exceed the amount to be recovered; • The passage of time since the occurrence of the misconduct; • Any pending legal action related to the misconduct; • The tax consequences to the affected individual; and • Any other factors the Board may deem appropriate under the circumstances. Under the Clawback Policy, we can require reimbursement or forfeiture of all or a portion of any bonus, incentive payment, equity-based award (including
performance shares, restricted stock or restricted stock units, and outstanding stock options) or other compensation to the fullest extent permitted by law. Reimbursement or forfeiture may include compensation paid or awarded during the period
covered by the restatement and applies to compensation awarded in periods occurring after the adoption of the Clawback Policy. 66 Table of Contents We believe our Clawback Policy is sufficiently broad to reduce the potential risk that an executive
officer would intentionally misstate results to benefit under an incentive program and provides a right of recovery if an executive officer took actions that, in hindsight, should not have been rewarded. In addition, appropriate language regarding
the policy has been included in applicable documents and award agreements and our executive officers are required to acknowledge in writing that compensation we have awarded to them may be subject to reimbursement, clawback, or forfeiture pursuant
to the terms of the policy and/or applicable law. Further, the equity forfeiture provisions in applicable award agreements would also apply in the event of specified detrimental activity in the absence of a restatement. Tax Implications – Deductibility of Executive Compensation Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, limits our ability to deduct for tax purposes compensation in excess of $1 million
paid to certain executive officers. We expect that compensation paid to our NEOs in excess of $1 million, including compensation paid to any executive who has been an NEO since 2017, generally will not be deductible. When designing our compensation
structure, the Compensation Committee believes that it needs to consider all relevant factors that attract, retain, and reward executives responsible for our success. For information regarding the Compensation Committee’s review of compensation-related risk, please see the section entitled Committees of the
Board of Directors – Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs . 67 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 The following table and related footnotes describe the total compensation earned for services rendered during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 by our
NEOs. The primary elements of each NEO’s total compensation as reported in the table are base salary, annual incentive compensation, and long-term incentive compensation in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, and performance
shares. Certain other benefits are listed in the “All Other Compensation” column and additional detail about these benefits is provided in the Executive Compensation – All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2022 Table . Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (3) Change
in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (4) All Other Compensation ($) (5) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer 2022 1,555,978 – 14,782,648 5,325,013 6,200,000 – 239,963 28,103,602 2021 1,550,031 – 17,681,675 5,125,009 6,400,000 – 188,123 30,944,838 2020 1,550,076 – 17,026,616 4,562,500 3,100,000 – 125,736 26,364,928 Vasant Prabhu Vice Chair, Chief Financial
Officer 2022 1,104,239 – 7,263,594 2,624,981 3,520,000 1,053 23,396 14,537,263 2021 1,100,019 – 8,187,025 2,624,993 3,630,000 979 31,400 15,574,416 2020 1,100,050 – 8,039,757 2,124,987 1,760,000 1,209 23,850 13,049,853 Ryan McInerney President 2022 1,104,239 – 9,114,177 3,337,503 3,520,000 3,230 28,686 17,107,835 2021 1,100,019 – 9,845,103 3,212,500 3,630,000 2,670 27,400 17,817,692 2020 1,100,050 – 9,439,901 2,624,994 1,760,000 3,227 27,100 14,955,272 Rajat Taneja President, Technology 2022 1,104,239 – 8,585,208 3,124,998 3,520,000 1,587 20,383 16,356,415 2021 1,100,019 – 9,329,605 3,049,986 3,630,000 1,421 20,733 17,131,764 2020 1,100,050 – 8,939,651 2,500,007 1,760,000 1,743 20,850 14,322,301 Kelly Mahon
Tullier Vice Chair, Chief People and Administrative Officer 2022 853,282 – 4,316,984 1,762,489 2,380,000 1,408 29,050 9,343,213 2021 779,535 – 4,119,771 1,262,494 1,980,000 1,245 38,267 8,181,312 2020 725,033 – 4,055,546 1,000,014 913,500 1,523 29,850 6,725,466 Stock Awards (1) Represents restricted stock units and performance shares granted in each of fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020. The
amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to each NEO computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The table below sets forth the details of the components that make up the fiscal year 2022 stock awards for our NEOs.
Restricted stock units vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 718, the value of the performance shares displayed in the table
below, at their probable and maximum levels, is based on one-third of the full number of shares for which an EPS goal was established in fiscal year 2022 under the awards made on: (i) November 19,
2019, which vested on November 30, 2022, (ii) November 19, 2020, which are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2023 and (iii) November 19, 2021, which are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2024. The remaining portions of
the awards granted in November 2020 and November 2021 will be linked to EPS goals for subsequent fiscal years and will be reported in the Summary Compensation Table for those fiscal years. 68 Table of Contents Components of Annual Stock Awards Additional Information Restricted Stock Units Value ($) Value of Performance Shares – Probable ($) Value
of Performance Shares – at Maximum ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 5,324,999 9,457,649 18,915,298 Vasant Prabhu 2,625,039 4,638,555 9,277,110 Ryan McInerney 3,337,490 5,776,687 11,553,373 Rajat Taneja 3,124,980 5,460,228 10,920,455 Kelly Mahon Tullier 1,762,547 2,554,437 5,108,874 Option Awards (2) Represents stock options granted in each of fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020. The amounts represent the aggregate
grant date fair value of the awards granted to each NEO computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 17 – Share-based Compensation to our fiscal year 2022
audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Stock options vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the
date of grant. Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) Amounts for fiscal year 2022 represent cash awards earned under the annual incentive plan and paid on November 15,
2022, based on performance against pre-established performance goals. Change in
Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (4) Represents the aggregate positive change in the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits under all pension plans
during fiscal year 2022. These amounts were determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in Note 11 – Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits to our fiscal year 2022 audited consolidated
financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. There are no above market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation. All Other Compensation (5) Additional detail describing the “All Other Compensation” for fiscal year 2022 is included in the Executive Compensation – All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2022 Table below. 69 Table of Contents All Other Compensation in Fiscal Year 2022 Table The following table sets forth additional information with respect to the amounts reported in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022. Car ($) (1) Corporate Aircraft ($) (2) 401k Plan Match ($) (3) Other ($) (4) Total ($) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 93 206,985 17,885 15,000 239,963 Vasant Prabhu – – 18,300 5,096 23,396 Ryan McInerney 9,935 451 18,300 – 28,686 Rajat Taneja – – 18,300 2,083 20,383 Kelly Mahon Tullier – – 18,300 10,750 29,050 (1) Represents the cost of personal use of a Company car and driver. The amount in the table is determined based on the
incremental cost to Visa of the fuel related to the proportion of time the car was used for non-business trips and also includes the cost of the driver’s salary and benefits for the proportion of time the
driver was used for non-business trips. (2) Represents the cost of personal use of the corporate aircraft for Mr. Kelly and the incremental cost of companion
travel on business-related flights for Mr. Kelly and Mr. McInerney. As described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits , Mr. Kelly is
required to reimburse the Company for personal use of the aircraft for amounts in excess of $200,000 per fiscal year. (3) The maximum 401k match for calendar year 2022 was $18,300. (4) Includes contributions made on behalf of certain NEOs under Visa’s charitable contribution matching programs,
under which personal contributions meeting the guidelines of the program were eligible for Company matching contributions. The total amount of charitable contributions included in the table is $10,000 for Mr. Kelly and $9,500 for Ms. Mahon
Tullier. The annual limit for these charitable matching contributions is $10,000 per calendar year. The table also includes the matching contributions Visa made on behalf of the following NEOs for fiscal year 2022 pursuant to its PAC Charitable
Matching Program: $5,096 for Mr. Prabhu; $5,000 for Mr. Kelly; $2,083 for Mr. Taneja; and $1,250 for Ms. Mahon Tullier. The annual limit for these contributions is $5,000 per calendar year. Because fiscal year 2022 overlaps two
calendar years, contributions matched on behalf of Mr. Prabhu are greater than $5,000 for fiscal year 2022, even though they are within the $5,000 per calendar year limit. 70 Table of Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2022 Table The following table provides information about non-equity incentive awards and long-term
equity-based incentive awards granted during fiscal year 2022 to each of our NEOs. Cash awards are made pursuant to the VIP and equity awards are made pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. There can be no assurance that the grant
date fair value of the equity awards will be realized by our NEOs. Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (3)(4) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares or Stock/ Units (#) (4) All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) (4)(5) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/ Share) (5) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards($) (6) Name Award Type (1) Grant Date Approval Date Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. VIP 3,875,000 7,750,000 PS 11/19/21 (7) 11/2/21 8,321 16,642 33,284 2,937,479 (10) PS 11/19/21 (8) 11/2/21 8,230 16,460 32,920 2,927,576 (10) PS 11/19/21 (9) 11/2/21 8,837 17,674 35,348 3,592,594 (10) RSU 11/19/21 11/2/21 26,511 5,324,999 Option 11/19/21 11/2/21 123,387 200.86 5,325,013 Vasant Prabhu VIP 2,200,000 4,400,000 PS 11/19/21 (7) 11/2/21 3,876 7,751 15,502 1,368,129 (10) PS 11/19/21 (8) 11/2/21 4,216 8,431 16,862 1,499,538 (10) PS 11/19/21 (9) 11/2/21 4,356 8,712 17,424 1,770,888 (10) RSU 11/19/21 11/2/21 13,069 2,625,039 Option 11/19/21 11/2/21 60,824 200.86 2,624,981 Ryan McInerney VIP 2,200,000 4,400,000 PS 11/19/21 (7) 11/2/21 4,788 9,575 19,150 1,690,083 (10) PS 11/19/21 (8) 11/2/21 5,159 10,317 20,634 1,834,982 (10) PS 11/19/21 (9) 11/2/21 5,539 11,077 22,154 2,251,622 (10) RSU 11/19/21 11/2/21 16,616 3,337,490 Option 11/19/21 11/2/21 77,334 200.86 3,337,503 Rajat Taneja VIP 2,200,000 4,400,000 PS 11/19/21 (7) 11/2/21 4,560 9,119 18,238 1,609,595 (10) PS 11/19/21 (8) 11/2/21 4,898 9,796 19,592 1,742,317 (10) PS 11/19/21 (9) 11/2/21 5,186 10,372 20,744 2,108,316 (10) RSU 11/19/21 11/2/21 15,558 3,124,980 Option 11/19/21 11/2/21 72,410 200.86 3,124,998 Kelly Mahon Tullier VIP 1,487,500 2,975,000 PS 11/19/21 (7) 11/2/21 1,825 3,649 7,298 644,085 (10) PS 11/19/21 (8) 11/2/21 2,028 4,055 8,110 721,222 (10) PS 11/19/21 (9) 11/2/21 2,925 5,850 11,700 1,189,130 (10) RSU 11/19/21 11/2/21 8,775 1,762,547 Option 11/19/21 11/2/21 40,839 200.86 1,762,489 71 Table of Contents (1) “VIP” refers to cash awards made pursuant to the Visa Inc. Incentive Plan; “PS,” “RSU,”
and “Option” refer to performance shares, restricted stock units, and stock options, respectively, granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (2) Represents the range of possible cash awards under the VIP. Actual awards are dependent on actual results measured
against pre-established performance goals, as described under Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Fiscal Year 2022 Compensation – Annual Incentive Plan . There is no threshold level of
performance for the VIP in fiscal year 2022. The amounts shown in the “maximum” column are 200% of the target amount, which is the maximum possible award. The actual amounts awarded to our NEOs under the annual incentive plan for fiscal
year 2022 are included in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 . (3) Represents the range of possible awards of performance shares granted in fiscal year 2022. Awards are capped at the
maximum of 200% and can be as low as zero. (4) Equity awards made pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan will vest according to their terms, but may
be subject to earlier vesting in full or in part or continued vesting in the event of a termination of a grantee’s employment due to death, “disability,” “retirement,” or termination without “cause,” or a
termination following a “change of control” of a grantee’s employment by us without “cause” or by the grantee for “good reason.” The terms disability, retirement, change of control, cause, and good reason are all
defined in the applicable award agreement or the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (5) The stock options approved by the Compensation Committee on November 2, 2021 were granted on November 19,
2021. The exercise price of these stock options was the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The stock options vest in three substantially equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant
and expire ten years from the date of grant. (6) Amounts are not an actual dollar amount received by our NEOs in fiscal year 2022, but instead represent the aggregate
grant date fair value of the equity awards calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The aggregate grant date fair value calculation for the performance shares is discussed in more detail in footnote 10 below. (7) Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the third of three portions of the
performance share award made on November 19, 2019 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2021. The shares earned from this award vested on November 30, 2022. (8) Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the second third of the performance share
award made on November 19, 2020 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2021. The shares earned from this award are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2023. (9) Consistent with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 718, the amount represents the first third of the performance share
award made on November 19, 2021 for which the grant date fair value was established on November 19, 2021. The shares earned from this award are scheduled to vest on November 30, 2024. (10) Represents the value of performance shares based on the probable outcome as of the date of grant. In accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718, this result is based on (i) achieving the target level of EPS; and (ii) a relative TSR result modeled using a Monte Carlo simulation. 72 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End Table The following table presents information with respect to equity awards made to each of
our NEOs that were outstanding on September 30, 2022. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Award Type (1) Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (2) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (5) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. PS Various (6) 201,040 35,714,756 RSU 11/19/2021 26,511 4,709,679 RSU 11/19/2020 16,460 2,924,119 RSU 11/19/2019 8,321 1,478,226 Option 11/19/2021 – 123,387 200.8600 11/19/2031 Option 11/19/2020 43,235 86,472 207.5700 11/19/2030 Option 11/19/2019 103,914 51,957 182.7700 11/19/2029 Option 11/19/2018 166,589 – 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 123,728 – 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 77,904 – 80.8200 11/19/2026 Vasant Prabhu PS Various (6) 97,654 17,348,233 RSU 11/19/2021 13,069 2,321,708 RSU 11/19/2020 8,431 1,497,767 RSU 11/19/2019 3,876 688,571 Option 11/19/2021 – 60,824 200.8600 11/19/2031 Option 11/19/2020 22,145 44,290 207.5700 11/19/2030 Option 11/19/2019 48,398 24,199 182.7700 11/19/2029 Option 11/19/2018 62,773 – 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 111,844 – 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 99,852 – 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 53,343 – 80.1500 11/19/2025 Ryan McInerney PS Various (6) 120,872 21,472,911 RSU 11/19/2021 16,616 2,951,832 RSU 11/19/2020 10,318 1,832,993 RSU 11/19/2019 4,788 850,588 Option 11/19/2021 – 77,334 200.8600 11/19/2031 Option 11/19/2020 27,101 54,203 207.5700 11/19/2030 Option 11/19/2019 59,786 29,893 182.7700 11/19/2029 Option 11/19/2018 70,499 – 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 125,825 – 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 103,450 – 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 11/19/2015 97,850 – 80.1500 11/19/2025 Option 11/19/2014 58,197 – 62.4650 11/19/2024 73 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Name Award Type (1) Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (2) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (5) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) Rajat Taneja PS Various (6) 114,642 20,366,151 RSU 11/19/2021 15,558 2,763,879 RSU 11/19/2020 9,796 1,740,259 RSU 11/19/2019 4,560 810,084 Option 11/19/2021 – 72,410 200.8600 11/19/2031 Option 11/19/2020 25,730 51,461 207.5700 11/19/2030 Option 11/19/2019 56,939 28,470 182.7700 11/19/2029 Option 11/19/2018 66,153 – 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 118,835 – 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 111,546 – 80.8200 11/19/2026 Option 2/4/2014 71,721 – 53.6350 2/4/2024 Kelly Mahon Tullier PS Various (6) 49,806 8,848,036 RSU 11/19/2021 8,775 1,558,879 RSU 11/19/2020 4,055 720,371 RSU 11/19/2019 1,824 324,034 Option 11/19/2021 – 40,839 200.8600 11/19/2031 Option 11/19/2020 10,650 21,302 207.5700 11/19/2030 Option 11/19/2019 22,776 11,388 182.7700 11/19/2029 Option 11/19/2018 36,698 – 134.7600 11/19/2028 Option 11/19/2017 55,922 – 109.8200 11/19/2027 Option 11/19/2016 55,413 – 80.8200 11/19/2026 (1) “PS,” “RSU,” and “Option” refer to performance shares, restricted stock units, and stock
options, respectively, granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (2) Stock options vest in three substantially equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the date of
grant and expire ten years from the date of grant. (3) Restricted stock units vest annually in three substantially equal installments beginning on the first anniversary of
the date of grant. (4) The value shown is based on the September 30, 2022 per share closing price of our Class A common stock of
$177.65. (5) Represents unearned shares under the performance share awards made on November 19, 2019, November 19, 2020,
and November 19, 2021. Based on guidance provided by the SEC, the maximum potential number of shares for each award has been assumed based on the next higher performance measure that exceeds the completed fiscal years over which the performance
is measured. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2019 include the full award for which the performance period ended on September 30, 2022. Following the fiscal year-end, the actual shares earned from this award were determined to be 113.3% of target. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2020 include only shares equal to the two-thirds of the award for which an EPS target has been established. The amounts shown for the performance shares awarded on November 19, 2021 include only shares equal to the one-third of the award for which an EPS target has been established. The table below provides additional detail. 74 Table of Contents (6) The following table provides additional information as to the number of shares reported for performance shares as of
September 30, 2022 in the Executive Compensation – Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End Table . Date when 
the Number of Performance Shares was Established Date when Conditions for Grant were Established Vest Date November 19, 2019 November 19, 2020 November 19, 2021 To be Established in Fiscal Year 2023 To be Established in Fiscal Year 2024 Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 11/19/2019 (a) 33,284 33,284 33,284 11/30/2022 11/19/2020 (b) 32,920 32,920 32,922 11/30/2023 11/19/2021 (b) 35,348 35,348 35,348 11/30/2024 Total 201,040 Vasant Prabhu 11/19/2019 (a) 15,502 15,502 15,502 11/30/2022 11/19/2020 (b) 16,862 16,862 16,862 11/30/2023 11/19/2021 (b) 17,424 17,424 17,428 11/30/2024 Total 97,654 Ryan McInerney 11/19/2019 (a) 19,150 19,150 19,150 11/30/2022 11/19/2020 (b) 20,634 20,634 20,638 11/30/2023 11/19/2021 (b) 22,154 22,154 22,156 11/30/2024 Total 120,872 Rajat Taneja 11/19/2019 (a) 18,238 18,238 18,238 11/30/2022 11/19/2020 (b) 19,592 19,592 19,592 11/30/2023 11/19/2021 (b) 20,744 20,744 20,744 11/30/2024 Total 114,642 Kelly Mahon Tullier 11/19/2019 (a) 7,294 7,294 7,298 11/30/2022 11/19/2020 (b) 8,110 8,110 8,110 11/30/2023 11/19/2021 (b) 11,700 11,700 11,700 11/30/2024 Total 49,806 (a) Displayed at maximum possible award (200% of target); following the completion of the performance period, the final
result was determined to be 113.3% of target. (b) Displayed at the maximum number of performance shares subject to the award (200% of target). 75 Table of Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for Fiscal Year 2022 The following table provides additional information about the value realized by our NEOs on stock option award exercises, restricted
stock units vesting, and performance shares vesting during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (1) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. 72,000 8,154,600 97,685 19,121,398 Vasant Prabhu – – 38,664 7,577,790 Ryan McInerney 64,173 10,620,043 44,282 8,683,052 Rajat Taneja – – 41,676 8,172,642 Kelly Mahon Tullier – – 21,724 4,253,425 (1) Amounts reflect the aggregate market value of Class A common stock on the day on which the restricted stock units
or performance shares vested. Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2022 The following table shows the present value of accumulated benefits payable to our NEOs and the number of years of service credited to each executive
under the Visa Retirement Plan and the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. The value of the benefits is determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in the Company’s fiscal year 2022 audited
consolidated financial statements. Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service (#) Present Value
of Accumulated Benefit ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) Vasant Prabhu Visa Retirement Plan 0.8 37,142 – Ryan McInerney Visa Retirement Plan 2.5 101,165 – Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 2.5 – – Rajat Taneja Visa Retirement Plan 2.1 53,895 – Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 2.1 – – Kelly Mahon Tullier Visa Retirement Plan 1.5 47,201 – Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan 1.5 – – Employer credits under the Visa Retirement Plan were discontinued effective December 31, 2015. Benefit accruals
under the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan were discontinued effective February 1, 2014. Each of the executives except Mr. Kelly is fully vested under the Visa Retirement Plan. Mr. Kelly is not an eligible participant in the Visa
Retirement Plan or the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. 76 Table of Contents Visa Retirement Plan Under the Visa Retirement Plan, certain U.S.-based employees, including our NEOs, other than Mr. Kelly, generally earn the right to receive certain
benefits: • upon retirement at the normal retirement age of 65; • upon early retirement at or after age 55 (or at or after age 50 if hired prior to October 1, 2002) and having
completed at least ten years of service with us; or • upon an earlier termination of employment, but solely if the employee is vested at that time. Prior to January 1, 2011, retirement benefits were calculated as the product of 1.25% times the employee’s years of service multiplied by the
employee’s monthly final average earnings for the last 60 consecutive months before retirement (or, for employees hired prior to October 1, 2002, the product of 46.25% times the employee’s years of service divided by 25 years,
multiplied by the employee’s monthly final average earnings for the 36 highest consecutive months in the last 60 months before retirement). Eligible earnings include salary, overtime, shift differentials, special and merit awards, and
short-term cash incentive awards. If an employee retires early, that is, between the ages of 55 and 64 (or between the ages of 50 and 61 if hired
prior to October 1, 2002), and has completed at least ten years of service with the Company, the amount of that employee’s benefits is reduced for each complete year that the employee begins receiving early retirement benefits before the
age of 65 (or before the age of 62 if hired prior to October 1, 2002). If an employee retires prior to becoming eligible for early or normal retirement, the amount of his or her benefits is actuarially reduced and is generally not as large as
if the employee had continued employment until his or her early or normal retirement date. The Visa Retirement Plan began transitioning to cash
balance benefits effective January 1, 2008 and completed the transition effective January 1, 2011. The change to a cash balance benefit formula took effect immediately for employees hired or rehired after December 31, 2007. However,
for employees hired before January 1, 2008 (and not rehired thereafter), the applicable Visa Retirement Plan benefit formula described above was grandfathered for a three-year period, and grandfathered employees continued to accrue benefits
under that benefit formula. Their accrued benefits at December 31, 2010 (the last day of the grandfathered period) or the date they terminated employment, if earlier, were preserved. Because we completed the conversion to a cash balance plan
formula beginning on January 1, 2011, all benefit accruals from that date until December 31, 2015 were under the cash balance benefit formula. Prior to January 1, 2016, under the cash balance plan formula, 6% of an employee’s eligible monthly pay was credited each month to the
employee’s notional cash balance account, along with interest each month on the account balance at an annualized rate equal to the 30-year U.S. Treasury Bond average annual interest rate for November of
the previous calendar year. The employer-provided credits described above ceased after December 31, 2015 and the Visa Retirement Plan had no new participants after that date. Interest credits continue to be provided on balances existing at the
time of this freeze. Accrued benefits under the Visa Retirement Plan become fully vested and nonforfeitable after three years of service. Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan Prior to February 1, 2014, we also provided for benefit accruals under an excess retirement
benefit plan. To the extent that an employee’s annual retirement income benefit under the Visa Retirement Plan exceeds the limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, such excess benefit is paid from our non-qualified, unfunded, noncontributory Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. The vesting provisions of, and formula used to calculate the benefit payable pursuant to, the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan
are generally the same as those of the Visa 77 Table of Contents Retirement Plan described above, except that benefits are calculated without regard to the Internal Revenue Code tax-qualified plan limits and then offset
for benefits paid under the qualified plan. Effective February 1, 2014, we discontinued benefit accruals under the Visa Excess Retirement Benefit Plan. Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 Visa
Deferred Compensation Plan Under the terms of the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible participants are able to defer up to 100% of their
cash incentive awards if they submit a qualified deferral election. Benefits under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan will be paid based on one of the following three distribution dates or events previously elected by the participant:
(i) immediately upon, or up to five years following, retirement; (ii) immediately upon, or in the January following, termination; or (iii) if specifically elected by the participant, in January in a specified year while actively
employed. However, upon a showing of financial hardship and receipt of approval from the plan administrator, a plan participant may be allowed to access funds in his or her deferred compensation account earlier than his or her existing distribution
election(s). Benefits can be received either as a lump sum payment or in annual installments, except in the case of pre-retirement termination, in which case the participant must receive the benefit in a lump
sum. Participants are always fully vested in their deferrals under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan. Upon termination of the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan within 12 months of a “change of control,” participants’ benefits under
the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan will be paid immediately in a lump sum. Visa Directors Deferred Compensation Under the terms of the Visa Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, non-employee directors are able to defer up to
100% of their fees payable in cash if they submit a qualified deferral election. Unless a participant’s separation from service constitutes his or her “retirement,” the participant’s benefits under the Visa Directors Deferred
Compensation Plan will be paid in a lump sum in cash, as previously elected by the participant, either (i) within 90 days following the date of the separation from service, or (ii) on the next January 1 following the separation from
service. Participants are always fully vested in their deferrals under the Visa Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Upon termination of the Visa Director Deferred Compensation Plan within 12 months of a “change of control,”
participants’ benefits under the Visa Director Deferred Compensation Plan will be paid immediately in a lump sum. Further, under the terms of the restricted stock unit award agreements applicable to directors, provided they submit a qualified
deferral election, directors are eligible to defer settlement of the restricted stock units they receive for service on the Board until the later of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) a date or dates during their service
or following their separation from service, subject to earlier settlement upon the participant’s death or following a change in control. Visa 401k Plan and
Visa Excess 401k Plan The Visa 401k Plan is a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement savings plan pursuant to
which all of our U.S.-based employees, including our NEOs, are able to contribute up to 50%, or 13% for highly compensated employees, of their salary up to the limit prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code to the Visa 401k Plan on a pre-tax basis. Employees also have the option of contributing on an after-tax basis up to 50%, or 13% for highly compensated employees, of salary or a combination of pre-tax and after-tax contributions that do not exceed 50%, or 13% for highly compensated employees, of salary. All contributions are subject to the Internal Revenue Code
limits. If an employee reaches the statutory pre-tax contribution limit during the calendar year, an employee may continue to make contributions to the Visa 401k Plan on an after-tax basis, subject to any applicable statutory limits. During fiscal year 2022, we contributed a
matching amount equal to 200% of the first 3% of salary that was contributed by senior executives, including NEOs, to the Visa 401k Plan. All other employees were eligible for a matching amount equal to 200% of the first 5% of salary contributed to
the Visa 401k Plan. Starting January 1, 2023, the matching amount for senior executives, including NEOs, will be equal to 200% of the first 5% of salary 78 Table of Contents contributed. This change reduces administration, promotes consistency between plan participants, and provides our executive leadership with the same matching percentage that was already provided
to other participants. All employee and matching contributions to the Visa 401k Plan are fully vested upon contribution. Prior to February 1,
2014, we also provided for a contribution in an excess 401k plan. Because the Internal Revenue Code limits the maximum amount a company and an employee can contribute to an employee’s 401(k) plan account each year, we continued to provide the
matching contribution, after the applicable Internal Revenue Code limits are reached, to the Visa Excess 401k Plan, which is a non-qualified noncontributory retirement savings plan. Employees are eligible to
participate in the Visa Excess 401k Plan if their salaries are greater than the Internal Revenue Code pay cap or if the total of their contributions and our matching contributions to the Visa 401k Plan exceed the Internal Revenue Code benefit limit.
The features of the Visa Excess 401k Plan are generally the same as under the Visa 401k Plan, except that benefits cannot be rolled over to an IRA or another employer’s qualified plan. Effective February 1, 2014, we discontinued any future
contributions to the Visa Excess 401k Plan. The following table provides information about each of our NEO’s contributions, earnings,
distributions, and balances under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan, the Visa Excess 401k Plan, the Director Deferred Compensation Plan, and the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan in fiscal year 2022. Name Plan Name Executive Contributions in Last
Fiscal Year ($) (1) Aggregate Earnings in Last
Fiscal Year ($) (2) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) (3) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year-End ($) (4) Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Excess 401k Plan – – – – Deferred Compensation Plan 1,280,000 (1) -1,414,153 – 4,392,780 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan – -116,898 (5) 224,171 444,125 Director Deferred Compensation Plan – 992 58,638 148,068 Vasant Prabhu Excess 401k Plan Deferred Compensation Plan – – – – – – – – Ryan McInerney Excess 401k Plan – -4,303 – 21,216 Deferred Compensation Plan – – – – Rajat Taneja Excess 401k Plan – – – – Deferred Compensation Plan 3,521,100 (1) -2,400,561 2,572,100 8,893,623 Kelly Mahon Tullier Excess 401k Plan – – – – Deferred Compensation Plan 1,881,000 (1) -1,157,614 – 4,129,397 (1) These amounts were previously reported in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2021. (2) The aggregate earnings were not included in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2022 as they do not
represent above-market or preferential earnings. (3) Amounts in this column for Mr. Kelly that correspond to the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan include the
value of shares delivered upon settlement of restricted stock units that Mr. Kelly received for his service as a non-employee director of the Company and include the value of dividend equivalents paid
quarterly on the deferred restricted stock units. The restricted stock units were fully vested, but settlement was deferred until January 15, 2022. Such amounts reflect the aggregate market value of Class A common stock on January 15,
2022, the day on which the shares subject to the restricted stock units were delivered. Amounts in this column for Mr. Kelly that correspond to the Director Deferred 79 Table of Contents Compensation Plan include deferred director fees paid in cash. Amounts in this column for Mr. Taneja correspond to cash incentive compensation deferrals under the Deferred Compensation Plan. (4) Amounts in this column include values reported in the Summary Compensation Table when earned if that officer’s
compensation was required to be disclosed in a previous year as follows: Mr. Kelly: $2,989,125; Mr. McInerney: $10,951; and Mr. Taneja: $5,110,800. This column also includes the value of restricted stock units Mr. Kelly was
granted on November 19, 2014 and November 19, 2015 for his service as a non-employee director of the Company, as disclosed in the proxy statements filed with the SEC on December 11, 2015 and
December 8, 2016, respectively, under Compensation of Non-Employee Directors – Equity Compensation . The restricted stock units are fully vested, but settlement of the shares has been deferred.
The shares subject to the award granted on November 19, 2014 are scheduled to be settled in five annual installments, and the third of such five installments occurred on January 15, 2022. The shares subject to the award granted on
November 19, 2015 are scheduled to be settled in five annual installments, and the second of such five installments occurred January 15, 2022. The reported value is based on the September 30, 2022 per share closing price of our
Class A common stock of $177.65. (5) Represents the change in market value of the shares of our Class A common stock underlying the deferred restricted
stock units held by Mr. Kelly as of September 30, 2022, calculated as the difference between (a) the per share closing price of our Class A common stock on September 30, 2021 and (b) the per share closing price of our
Class A common stock on September 30, 2022. Also represents the change in market value of the shares of our Class A common stock that settled on January 15, 2022, calculated as the difference between (c) the per share
closing price of our Class A common stock on September 30, 2021 and (d) the per share closing price of our Class A common stock on January 15, 2022. Includes additional earnings in the form of dividend equivalents, which are
paid quarterly on deferred restricted stock units. The following table shows the funds available under the Visa Deferred
Compensation Plan, the Visa Director Deferred Compensation Plan, and the Excess 401k Plan and their annual rate of return for fiscal year 2022, as reported by the administrator of the plans. Name of Fund Rate of Return (%) DFA U.S. Small Cap Portfolio Institutional Class -15.66 % Dodge & Cox
Income (1) -13.62 % Dodge & Cox International Stock -17.71 % Fidelity Balanced Fund – Class K -16.86 % PIMCO Total Return Fund – Institutional Class (2) -15.65 % Fidelity 500 Index Fund – Institutional Premium Class -15.49 % T. Rowe Price Institutional Large Cap Growth Fund -31.08 % Vanguard Extended Market Index Fund – Institutional Plus
Shares -29.54 % Vanguard Federal Money Market Fund 0.67 % Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund – Institutional
Shares -14.65 % Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund – Institutional
Shares -18.01 % Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund – Institutional
Plus Shares -25.20 % Vanguard Value Index
Fund – Institutional Shares (1) -6.63 % (1) This fund is not available under the Visa Deferred Compensation Plan or the Director Deferred Compensation Plan. (2) This fund is not available under the Visa Excess 401k Plan. 80 Table of Contents Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control Executive Severance Plan We believe that it
is appropriate to provide severance pay to an executive officer whose employment is involuntarily terminated by us without “cause” or whose employment is voluntarily terminated by the executive for “good reason” within two years
following a change of control (each as defined in the Visa Inc. Executive Severance Plan). These severance benefits are intended to secure the continued services of executive officers, provide them with certain benefits in the event of a covered
termination, and encourage their continued dedication to their duties notwithstanding the possibility or occurrence of a change in control. We believe the level of severance provided by our Executive Severance Plan is reasonable, responsible in
value, consistent with the practices of our compensation peer group, and necessary to attract and retain key high-performing employees. Our NEOs
are participants in the Executive Severance Plan, which provides for a capped, lump sum severance upon a qualifying termination of two times the sum of the executive’s base salary and target annual incentive award, and a prorated bonus for any
partial performance period under the annual incentive plan, along with continued health benefits for two years post-termination. These benefits are subject to the NEO’s timely execution and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims. For purposes of the plan, a qualifying termination is limited to an involuntary termination by us without cause at any time or a resignation by the participant for good reason within two years following a change of
control. Executive Severance Plan participants are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants, including obligations to uphold confidentiality and to abstain from soliciting Visa’s employees, customers, and clients for eighteen
months following a qualifying termination of the participant’s employment. Participants are also generally bound by the confidentiality, intellectual property, and non-solicitation provisions of any
Confidential Information and Property Agreement, Proprietary Information Agreement, and/or any similar agreement previously executed by the applicable participant and the confidentiality provisions under Visa’s Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics. The Executive Severance Plan does not provide for any gross-ups for excise taxes imposed as a result of severance or other payments deemed made in connection with a change of control. Equity Incentive Awards Pursuant to the terms of certain
award agreements under the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, if the employment of an NEO is involuntarily terminated by Visa without “cause” or voluntarily terminated by the NEO for “good reason” within two years following
a change of control (as such terms are defined in the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan or applicable award agreement), then the unvested portion of any such equity incentive award will become fully vested (and at target levels, with respect
to performance shares). There are no “single-trigger” payments available to NEOs upon a change of control. Under the terms of the equity incentive awards granted since November 19, 2021, if an NEO is involuntarily terminated by Visa
without cause, the awards are paid on a pro-rated basis measured from the date of grant to the date of termination. Similar to the cash benefits described under Executive Compensation – Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change of Control – Executive Severance Plan above, these equity award terms are reasonable, consistent with the practices of our compensation peer group, and necessary to attract and retain key high-performing
employees. Quantification of Termination Payments and Benefits The following tables reflect the amount of compensation that would be paid to each of our NEOs in the event of a termination of the individual’s
employment under various scenarios. The amounts shown assume that such termination was effective as of September 30, 2022 and include estimates of the amounts that would be paid to each NEO upon such individual’s termination. All equity
values reported in the following tables are based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on the NYSE as of September 30, 2022. No value is displayed for unvested options in the following tables because the exercise price of each
unvested stock option exceeded the closing price of our Class A common stock on the NYSE on September 30, 2022. The “Health and Welfare 81 Table of Contents Benefits” reflect the estimated value of benefits payable for 24 months upon disability and for 6 months upon death. The tables only include additional benefits that result from the
termination and do not include any amounts or benefits earned, vested, accrued, or owing under any plan for any other reason. Please see the Executive Compensation – Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2022 Table, the Pension Benefits Table for Fiscal Year 2022, and the section entitled Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 for additional information. Payments that would be made over
a period of time have been estimated as the lump sum present value using 120% of the applicable federal rate. The actual amounts to be paid can only be determined at the time of such NEO’s separation from Visa. Termination Payments and Benefits for Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good
Reason Termination Following Change of Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare Benefits 55,763 55,763 – 55,492 14,137 Cash Severance 10,850,000 10,850,000 – – – Pro-rata Incentive for Fiscal Year
2022 6,200,000 3,875,000 – 3,875,000 3,875,000 Unvested Restricted Stock Units 9,112,024 9,112,024 9,112,024 9,112,024 9,112,024 Unvested Options – – – – – Unvested Performance Shares 27,061,247 (1) 27,061,247 (2) 27,061,247 (1) 27,061,247 (1) 27,061,247 (1) Total 53,279,034 50,954,034 36,173,271 40,103,763 40,062,408 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Mr. Kelly meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of his equity award agreements and
as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon his termination of employment. 82 Table of Contents Termination Payments and Benefits for Vasant Prabhu Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good
Reason Termination Following Change of Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare Benefits 67,331 67,331 – 67,005 17,063 Cash Severance 6,600,000 6,600,000 – – – Pro-rata Incentive for Fiscal Year
2022 3,520,000 2,200,000 – 2,200,000 2,200,000 Unvested Restricted Stock Units 4,508,046 4,508,046 4,508,046 4,508,046 4,508,046 Unvested Options – – – – – Unvested Performance Shares 13,267,613 (1) 13,267,613 (2) 13,267,613 (1) 13,267,613 (1) 13,267,613 (1) Total 27,962,990 26,642,990 17,775,659 20,042,664 19,992,722 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Mr. Prabhu meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of his equity award agreements and
as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon his termination of employment. Termination Payments and Benefits for Ryan McInerney Incremental Benefits Due
to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good
Reason Termination Following Change of Control ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare Benefits 68,260 68,260 67,929 17,301 Cash Severance 6,600,000 6,600,000 – – Pro-rata incentive for fiscal year
2022 3,520,000 2,200,000 2,200,000 2,200,000 Unvested Restricted Stock Units 851,121 5,635,413 5,635,413 5,635,413 Unvested Options – – – – Unvested Performance Shares 1,966,093 16,505,462 (1) 10,734,956 (2) 10,734,956 (2) Total 13,005,474 31,009,135 18,638,298 18,587,670 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (2) Includes the target number of shares, prorated for the portion of the performance period completed. In the event of a
termination due to death or disability, the actual amount earned for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period and a prorated number of the final shares earned will vest. 83 Table of Contents Termination Payments and Benefits for Rajat Taneja Incremental Benefits Due to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good
Reason Termination Following Change of Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare Benefits 34,497 34,497 – 34,330 8,739 Cash Severance 6,600,000 6,600,000 – – – Pro-rata Incentive for Fiscal Year
2022 3,520,000 2,200,000 – 2,200,000 2,200,000 Unvested Restricted Stock Units 5,314,222 5,314,222 5,314,222 5,314,222 5,314,222 Unvested Options – – – – – Unvested Performance Shares 15,608,507 (1) 15,608,507 (2) 15,608,507 (1) 15,608,507 (1) 15,608,507 (1) Total 31,077,226 29,757,226 20,922,729 23,157,059 23,131,468 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Mr. Taneja meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of his equity award agreements and
as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon his termination of employment. Termination Payments and Benefits for Kelly Mahon Tullier Incremental Benefits Due to Termination Event Involuntary Not for Cause Termination ($) Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good
Reason Termination Following Change of Control ($) Retirement (3) ($) Disability ($) Death ($) Health and Welfare Benefits 55,763 55,763 – 55,492 14,137 Cash Severance 4,675,000 4,675,000 – – – Pro-rata Incentive for Fiscal Year
2022 2,380,000 1,487,500 – 1,487,500 1,487,500 Unvested Restricted Stock Units 2,603,283 2,603,283 2,603,283 2,603,283 2,603,283 Unvested Options – – – – – Unvested Performance Shares 7,222,894 (1) 7,222,894 (2) 7,222,894 (1) 7,222,894 (1) 7,222,894 (1) Total 16,936,940 16,044,440 9,826,177 11,369,169 11,327,814 (1) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. The actual amount due
for these grants will be determined following the completion of the performance period. (2) Includes the target number of shares for grants that have not completed their performance period. In the event of an
Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Voluntary Good Reason Termination Following Change of Control, the target number of shares will vest. (3) Ms. Mahon Tullier meets the conditions for “retirement” contained in certain of her equity award
agreements and as a result, the unvested portions of these grants would fully vest or continue to vest upon her termination of employment. 84 Table of Contents CEO PAY RATIO The pay ratio included in this information is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. For our last completed fiscal year ended September 30, 2022,
the ratio of the median of the annual total compensation of our employees, excluding our CEO, to the annual total compensation of our CEO is set forth in the table below: Annual total compensation of our CEO (A) $28,103,602 Annual total compensation of the employee with the median compensation of our
employees (excluding our CEO) (B) $     152,395 Ratio of (A) to (B) 184:1 To identify the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, as well as to determine the annual total
compensation of the median employee, the methodology and the material assumptions, adjustments, and estimates used were as follows (which may differ from those used, and may therefore not be comparable to ratios reported by, other companies): Median Employee As we
disclosed in our 2021 proxy statement, we identified our median employee from our worldwide employee population, including both part-time and full-time employees other than our CEO, as of September 30, 2021. Given the worldwide geographical
distribution of our employee population, we use a variety of pay elements to structure the compensation arrangements of our employees. A significant number of our employees around the world participate in our annual cash bonus and equity incentive
award plans. Consequently, to identify the median employee, we selected base salary or wages plus overtime pay, annual cash bonus plan payments, and equity award grant values as the most appropriate measure of compensation. We measured compensation
for our employees using the 12-month fiscal period ending September 30, 2021. We selected September 30, 2021 as our measurement date, which was the last day of our 2021 fiscal year, because it
provided the most accurate information regarding compensation for such fiscal year. In making this determination, we did not make any cost-of-living adjustments.
Although there were no changes in our employee population or our employee compensation arrangements that we believe would significantly impact our pay ratio disclosure, a significant change in the circumstances of the median employee identified in
2021 occurred. As a result, for 2022, we selected a new median employee whose compensation was substantially similar to the median employee used for 2021 based on the same compensation measure we used to select the 2021 median employee. Annual Total Compensation To
determine the annual total compensation of the median employee, we identified and calculated the elements of the employee’s compensation for 2022 in accordance with the requirements of Item 402I(2)(x) of Regulation S-K. For our CEO, we used the amount reported in the “Total” column of our Executive Compensation – Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022 included in this proxy
statement. 85 Table of Contents EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The table below presents information as of September 30, 2022, for the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan and the Visa Inc.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which were approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our stockholders. For a description of the awards issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation
Plan and the Visa Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, see Note 17 – Share-based Compensation to our fiscal year 2022 audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Plan Category Number Of Shares of Class A Common Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options And Rights (a) Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Shares Reflected In Column (a)) (c) (in millions, except weighted-average exercise price) Equity compensation plans approved by
stockholders 13 (1) $145.92 (2) 108 (3) (1) As of September 30, 2022, the maximum number of shares issuable consisted of 6 million outstanding stock options,
6 million outstanding restricted stock units, and 1 million outstanding performance shares under the 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan and less than 1 million outstanding purchase rights under the Visa Inc. Employee Stock
Purchase Plan. (2) The weighted-average exercise price is calculated based solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding stock options
and does not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding restricted stock units and performance shares, which have no exercise price. Additionally, it excludes the weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding
purchase rights under the Visa Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as the exercise price is based on the future stock price, net of discount, at the end of each monthly purchase over the offering period. (3) As of September 30, 2022, 94 million shares and 14 million shares remain available for issuance under the
2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan and the Visa Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, respectively. 86 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2 – APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS,
OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS We are asking our Class A common stockholders to approve, on an advisory
basis, the compensation of our NEOs as described in this proxy statement, including the section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related narrative discussion. This proposal, commonly known as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal, gives our Class A common stockholders the opportunity to express their views on our NEOs’ compensation. As described in detail under Compensation Discussion and Analysis above, our executive compensation programs are designed to attract, motivate,
and retain our NEOs, who are critical to our success. Under these programs, our NEOs are rewarded for the achievement of specific annual, long-term, and strategic performance goals and the realization of increased value to stakeholders. Please read
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement for additional details about our executive compensation programs, including information about the fiscal year 2022 compensation of our NEOs. The Say-on-Pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the
Company, the Compensation Committee, or our Board. However, our Board and the Compensation Committee value the views of our stockholders and will carefully review and consider the voting results for this proposal when evaluating our executive
compensation programs. We currently conduct annual advisory votes to approve the compensation of our NEOs, and we expect to conduct the next advisory Say-on-Pay vote at
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE
COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. PROPOSAL
3 – ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and Section 14A of the Exchange Act provide stockholders the opportunity to indicate how frequently the Company should hold future advisory votes to approve the compensation of our NEOs. Stockholders may indicate whether
they would prefer to have future advisory votes to approve executive compensation every year, every two years, every three years, or abstain from voting on this proposal. After careful consideration, the Board recommends that future advisory votes to approve compensation of our NEOs be held annually. Our Board believes
that holding a vote every year is the most appropriate option because (i) it would enable our stockholders to provide us with input regarding the compensation of our NEOs on a timely basis; and (ii) it is consistent with our practice of
engaging with our stockholders, and obtaining their input, on our corporate governance matters and our executive compensation philosophy, policies, and practices. Stockholders are not voting to approve or disapprove the Board’s recommendation. Instead, stockholders may indicate their preference regarding the
frequency of future advisory votes to approve the compensation of our NEOs by selecting one year, two years, or three years. For the reasons discussed above, we are asking our stockholders to vote for an advisory vote to approve the compensation for
our NEOs every one year. The frequency with which future advisory votes to approve the compensation of our NEOs are held is advisory, and therefore
not binding. Although the vote is non-binding, the Compensation Committee and the Board value your opinion and will consider the outcome of the vote in establishing the frequency with which the advisory vote
to approve the compensation of our NEOs will be held in the future. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, TO HOLD
FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EVERY “ONE YEAR”. 87 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 – RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT
OF KPMG LLP The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of the
independent public accounting firm retained to audit the Company’s financial statements. The Audit and Risk Committee has appointed KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit the financial statements of Visa Inc. and
its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023. KPMG has been our independent auditor since our initial public offering in 2008, and KPMG audited our financial statements for fiscal year 2022. The Audit and Risk Committee also
periodically considers whether there should be a rotation of independent registered public accounting firms because the Audit and Risk Committee believes it is important for the registered public accounting firm to maintain independence and
objectivity. In determining whether to reappoint KPMG, the Audit and Risk Committee considered several factors, including: • the length of time KPMG has been engaged; • KPMG’s independence and objectivity; • KPMG’s capability and expertise in handling the complexity of Visa’s global operations in our industry; • historical and recent performance, including the extent and quality of KPMG’s communications with the Audit and
Risk Committee, and feedback from management regarding KPMG’s overall performance; • recent PCAOB inspection reports on the firm; and • the appropriateness of KPMG’s fees, both on an absolute basis and as compared with its peers. The Audit and Risk Committee believes that the continued retention of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm
is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders, and we are asking our stockholders to ratify the selection of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2023. Although ratification is not required, the
Board is submitting a proposal to ratify KPMG’s appointment to our stockholders because we value our stockholders’ views and as a matter of good corporate practice. In the event that our stockholders fail to ratify KPMG as the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, it will be considered a recommendation to the Audit and Risk Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit and Risk Committee may
in its discretion select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the fiscal year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. A representative of KPMG will be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so and will
be available to respond to appropriate questions. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
KPMG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR 2023. 88 Table of Contents INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by KPMG for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Services Provided Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Audit fees (1) $ 11,666 $ 10,155 Audit-related
fees (2) $ 1,727 $ 1,857 Tax fees (3) $ 114 $ 119 All other fees (4) $ 8 $ 23 Total $ 13,515 $ 12,154 (1) Represents aggregate fees for professional services rendered in connection with annual financial statement audits,
audits of our internal control over financial reporting, preparation of comfort letters and consents related to SEC registration statements, quarterly review of financial statements, and for services related to local statutory audits. (2) Represents aggregate fees for assurance and audit-related services (but not included in the audit fees set forth
above). The assurance and audit-related services include employee benefit plan audits, review of internal controls for selected information systems and business units (Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagement No. 18 and International
Standard on Assurance Engagement No. 3402 audits), services related to consultations on financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) Represents aggregate fees for tax services in connection with the preparation of tax returns, other tax compliance
services, tax planning services, and expatriate personal tax return preparation service for a person who is not in a financial reporting oversight role. (4) Represents fees for eXtensible Business Reporting Language services, attestation, and subscription fees for an
accounting research tool. Consistent with SEC and PCAOB requirements regarding auditor independence, the Audit and Risk Committee
has responsibility for appointing, setting the compensation for, and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In accordance with its charter and the Audit and Risk Committee’s Pre-Approval Policy, the Audit and Risk Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and internal control-related services, audit-related services, and permissible non-audit services, including the terms thereof, to be performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm. During fiscal year 2022, all services KPMG provided to the Company were pre-approved by the Audit and Risk Committee in accordance with applicable SEC regulations and the Pre-Approval Policy, and the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed and discussed
the documentation KPMG supplied to it as to tax services and the potential effect of the provision thereof on KPMG’s independence. To further
help with the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm, we have adopted policies and procedures relating to the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm and the hiring of employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm. 89 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 5 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING
AN INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIR POLICY National Legal and Policy Center, whose address is 107 Park Washington Court, Falls Church, Virginia
22046, has requested that the following proposal be included in this proxy statement and has indicated that it intends to bring such proposal before the Annual Meeting. National Legal and Policy Center has submitted documentation indicating that it
is the beneficial owner of at least 106 shares of our Class A common stock and has advised Visa that it intends to continue to hold the requisite amount of shares through the date of the Annual Meeting. National Legal and Policy Center’s
proposal and its related supporting statement are followed by a recommendation from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors disclaims any responsibility for the content of the proposal and the statement in support of the proposal, which are
presented in the form received from the stockholder. Request for Board of Directors to Adopt Policy for an Independent Chair RESOLVED: Shareholders request the Board of
Directors adopt as policy, and amend the bylaws as necessary, to require hereafter that the Chair of the Board of Directors be an independent member of the Board, consistent with applicable law and existing contracts. If the Board determines that a
Chair who was independent when selected is no longer independent, the Board shall select a new Chair who satisfies the requirements of the policy within a reasonable amount of time. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: The Chief Executive Officer
of Visa Inc. is also Board Chairman. We believe these roles – each with separate, different responsibilities that are critical to the health of a successful corporation – are greatly diminished when held by a singular company official,
thus weakening its governance structure. Expert perspectives substantiate our position: • According to the Council of Institutional Investors (https://bit.ly/3pKrtJK), “A CEO who also serves as chair can
exert excessive influence on the board and its agenda, weakening the board’s oversight of management. Separating the chair and CEO positions reduces this conflict, and an independent chair provides the clearest separation of power between the
CEO and the rest of the board.” • A 2014 report from Deloitte (https://bit.ly/3vQGqe1) concluded, “The chairman should lead the board and there
should be a clear division of responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer (CEO).” • A pair of business law professors wrote for Harvard Business Review (https://bit.ly/3xvcIOA) in March 2020 that
“letting the CEO chair the board can compromise board discussion quality, weakening the corporation’s risk management ability... Splitting the CEO and board chair jobs between two people can help strengthen the quality of questions the
corporation asks itself. When those questions remain weak, the organization is less likely to develop strategies that mitigate risk.” • Proxy adviser Glass Lewis advised (https://bit.ly/3xwuJwa) in 2021, “the presence of an independent chair fosters
the creation of a thoughtful and dynamic board not dominated by the views of senior management. Further, we believe that the separation of these two key roles eliminates the conflict of interest that inevitably occurs when a CEO is responsible for
self-oversight.” 90 Table of Contents Statement of the Board of Directors in Opposition to Proposal 5 The Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote AGAINST this proposal, for the following reasons: • We believe flexibility in Board leadership structure is more suitable for the Company than the rigid and prescriptive
approach set forth in the Stockholder Proposal. • We believe Visa’s current Board leadership structure, which includes a strong Lead Independent Director, best
serves the Company and our stockholders. • Visa’s strong corporate governance practices provide effective, independent Board oversight. We believe flexibility in Board leadership structure is more suitable for the Company than the rigid
and prescriptive approach set forth in the Stockholder Proposal. Visa’s directors have a fiduciary duty to routinely evaluate and determine the most appropriate Board leadership structure for the
Company and our stockholders in light of the needs of the Board and the Company at any given time. Accordingly, as discussed under Corporate Governance – Board Leadership Structure , Visa’s governing documents provide the Board with
the flexibility to determine the optimal leadership structure for the Company, including, when appropriate, separating the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer as will occur when Ryan Mclnerney succeeds Al Kelly as
Visa’s next Chief Executive Officer, effective February 1, 2023. We believe that the Company and our stockholders benefit from this flexibility, and that the Board is best positioned to make this determination given our directors’
knowledge of the Company’s leadership team, strategic goals, opportunities, and challenges. We believe that it is in the best interests of Visa and our stockholders for the Board to continue to determine the most effective leadership structure
for Visa on a case-by-case basis, rather than take a rigid approach to Board leadership, as requested by the stockholder proposal. We believe Visa’s Board leadership structure, which includes a strong Lead Independent Director,
best serves the Company and our stockholders. Our current Board leadership structure includes Al Kelly serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, with John Lundgren serving as Lead Independent
Director. Overall, directors view the Board and Committees as effective and feel the Board leadership structure works well for the Company. As discussed in more detail under Corporate Governance – Board Leadership Structure , the Board
believes that at this time, this current structure is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders as this structure allows Mr. Kelly to effectively manage the business, execute on our strategic priorities, and lead the Board,
while empowering Mr. Lundgren to provide independent Board leadership and oversight with the robust, well-defined leadership powers and responsibilities described below. The Board believes that Mr. Kelly’s inclusive leadership style
and decades of payments expertise make him uniquely qualified to lead discussions of the Board; foster an important unity of leadership between the Board and management; and promote alignment of the Company’s strategy with its operational
execution. Our Lead Independent Director, elected by the independent directors of the Board, has specifically enumerated powers and
responsibilities, providing what the Board believes are the same leadership, oversight, and benefits to the Company and Board that would be provided by an independent chairman. These powers and responsibilities include: • calling, setting the agenda for, and chairing periodic executive sessions and meetings of the independent directors; • chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board or when it is deemed appropriate arising from the
Chairperson’s management role or non-independence; • providing feedback to the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer on corporate and Board policies and strategies and
acting as a liaison between the Board and the Chief Executive Officer; • facilitating communication among directors and between the Board and management; 91 Table of Contents • in concert with the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, advising on the agenda, schedule, and materials for Board
meetings and strategic planning sessions based on input from directors; • coordinating with the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and leading the independent
directors’ involvement in Chief Executive Officer succession planning, selection of committee chairs and committee membership, and the Board evaluation process; • coordinating with the Chair of the Compensation Committee and leading the independent directors’ evaluation of
Chief Executive Officer performance and compensation; • communicating with stockholders as necessary; and • carrying out such other duties as are requested by the independent directors, the Board, or any of its committees from
time to time. In addition to our Lead Independent Director, independent directors chair the Board’s four standing
committees, and each has responsibilities that contribute to the Board’s oversight of management, as well as facilitate communication among the Board and management. Our Board recognizes that circumstances may change such that a different structure may be warranted to support the Company’s needs. As a result,
the Board periodically reviews the Board’s leadership structure and its appropriateness, given the needs of the Board and the Company at such time. In connection with Chief Executive Officer transitions in the past decade, the Board determined
that it was appropriate to separate the roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and to appoint an independent Chairman. Yet, more recently, in 2019, after discussing the relative benefits of combining the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer roles versus retaining the separate roles with an independent Chairman and considering the perspectives of our independent directors, views of our stockholders, peer companies’ practices, and recent governance trends, the Board
unanimously elected Mr. Kelly as Chairman. The independent directors then reaffirmed the Board’s commitment to independent board leadership by unanimously electing Mr. Lundgren as Lead Independent Director. In connection with the CEO
transition announced on November 17, 2022, the Board determined to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer effective February 1, 2023 and have Mr. Kelly serve as Executive Chairman to help ensure a successful and seamless
transition. Visa’s strong corporate governance practices provide effective, independent
Board oversight. In keeping with our commitment to foster and maintain responsible corporate governance, Visa has adopted practices and procedures that promote Board independence and effective oversight of
management and provide stockholders with meaningful rights, including: • Annual Board Elections – The Board is elected annually with a majority voting standard in uncontested
director elections; • Stockholder Rights – Our stockholders have the right to call special meetings and our stockholders have a
market-standard proxy access right; • Majority Independent Board – Nine out of ten of our Board nominees are independent; Mr. Kelly, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the only director nominee who is not independent; • Active and Experienced Board – Our directors are highly-qualified and engaged with the relevant business
experience and skills to oversee management; • Board Oversight of Environmental, Social, and Governance – Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
has formal responsibility for and oversight of Visa’s ESG policies, programs, and reporting in their totality, as well as for the individual topics of environmental sustainability, climate change, human rights, political activities and
expenditures, and social impact and philanthropy; • Director Succession Planning and Board Refreshment – Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
regularly oversees and plans for director succession and refreshment of the Board to cultivate a mix of skills, experience, tenure, and diversity that promotes and supports the Company’s long-term strategy; 92 Table of Contents • Proactive and Ongoing Stockholder Engagement Program – We have proactive, ongoing engagement with our
stockholders throughout the year focused on corporate governance, corporate responsibility, and executive compensation. In addition to the ongoing dialogue among our stockholders and our management and Investor Relations team on Visa’s
financial and strategic performance, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Lead Independent Director met with several of our investors this year and our Board is provided with stockholders’ feedback; • Robust Board, Committee, and Director Evaluation Process – Our Board and each of its committees conduct an
annual evaluation facilitated by an independent third party, which includes a qualitative assessment by each director of the performance of the Board and the committee or committees on which the director sits; • Independent Standing Board Committees – The Board’s Audit and Risk Committee, Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, Compensation Committee, and Finance Committee are each composed entirely of independent directors. This entrusts the oversight of critical matters to independent directors, such as the annual evaluation of the Chief Executive
Officer’s performance, the evaluation of the Board and its Committees, and the compensation of Visa’s executive officers; and • Executive Sessions of the Independent Directors – The non-employee, independent members of our Board and all committees of the Board generally meet in executive session without management present during their Board and Committee meetings. Our Lead Independent Director presides over executive sessions of the Board,
and the committee chairs, each of whom is independent, preside over executive sessions of the committees. As a result of the
above information, the Board believes that the rigid approach to Visa’s Board’s leadership structure requested by this stockholder proposal is not necessary and not in the best interest of our stockholders. Accordingly, the Board of
Directors recommends that you vote AGAINST this proposal. FOR THE REASONS STATED ABOVE, THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE
“AGAINST” THIS STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. 93 Table of Contents VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION Information About Solicitation and Voting This proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board for use at the Annual Meeting to be held online via a live webcast
at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 on Tuesday, January 24, 2023 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. We will provide a re-playable webcast of the Annual
Meeting, which will be available on the Events Calendar section of our Investor Relations website at investor.visa.com . Who Can Vote Visa’s Class A common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 25, 2022 will be
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on the basis of one vote for each share held. On November 25, 2022, there were 1,627,853,381 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name If on November 25, 2022, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services, then you are considered
the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. As a stockholder of record, you may vote at the Annual Meeting or submit a proxy to have your shares voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions. Whether or not you plan to
attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to submit your proxy by Internet or by telephone, or if you received paper proxy materials by mail, by filling out and returning the proxy card. For questions regarding your stock ownership, you may contact our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services, by telephone at (866) 456-9417 (within the U.S.) or (651) 306-4433 (international). Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Nominee If on November 25, 2022, your shares of Class A common stock were held in an account with a brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee, then you
are the beneficial owner of the shares held in street name. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your nominee on how to vote the shares held in your account, and it has enclosed or provided voting instructions for you to use in
directing it on how to vote your shares. However, the organization that holds your shares is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. Because you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your
shares at the Annual Meeting unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from the organization that holds your shares giving you the right to vote the shares at the Annual Meeting. 94 Table of Contents How to Vote If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways for you to vote your shares or submit your proxy: By mail. If you received printed proxy materials, you may submit your proxy by completing, signing, and dating each proxy card received and returning it in the prepaid envelope. Sign your name
exactly as it appears on the proxy card. Proxy cards submitted by mail must be received no later than January 23, 2023 to be voted at the Annual Meeting. Via the Internet. Instructions are shown on your Notice of Internet Availability. By telephone. Instructions are shown on your proxy card. At the Annual Meeting. You may vote your shares online during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we recommend that you also
submit your proxy card or vote by telephone or via the Internet by the applicable deadline so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Class A common stock, you should receive a Notice of Internet
Availability of Proxy Materials or voting instructions from the broker or other nominee holding your shares. You should follow the instructions in the Notice or the voting instructions provided by your broker or nominee in order to instruct your
broker or nominee on how to vote your shares. The availability of telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting process of the broker or nominee. Shares held beneficially may be voted at the Annual Meeting only if you obtain a legal proxy
from the broker or nominee giving you the right to vote the shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned or postponed, your proxy will still be
effective and will be voted at the rescheduled or adjourned Annual Meeting. You will still be able to change or revoke your proxy until the rescheduled or adjourned Annual Meeting. Change or Revoke a Proxy or Vote If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy before the completion of voting at the Annual Meeting by: • signing and returning a new proxy card with a later date; • submitting a later-dated proxy by telephone or via the Internet, since only your latest telephone or Internet proxy
received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January 23, 2023 will be counted; • attending the Annual Meeting online and voting again (your attendance at the Annual Meeting without further action will
not revoke your proxy); or • delivering a written revocation to our Corporate Secretary at Visa Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119 before
the Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of Class A common stock, you must follow the instructions provided by the
broker or other nominee holding your shares for changing your voting instructions. 95 Table of Contents How Proxies Are Voted If you are a Class A stockholder of record and you submit a signed proxy card, but you do not provide voting instructions on the card, your shares
will be voted: • FOR the election of the ten director nominees named in this proxy statement; • FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation paid to our named executive officers; • ONE YEAR on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve executive compensation; • FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal year 2023; and • AGAINST the stockholder proposal requesting an independent board chair policy. If you are a beneficial owner of Class A common stock and you do not provide the broker or other nominee that holds your shares with voting
instructions, the broker or nominee will determine if it has the discretionary authority to vote on your behalf. The determination of whether a
proposal is “routine” or “non-routine” will be made by the NYSE or by Broadridge Financial Solutions, our independent agent to receive and tabulate stockholder votes, based on NYSE rules
that regulate member brokerage firms. If a proposal is deemed “routine” and you do not give instructions to your broker or nominee, they may, but are not required to, vote your shares with respect to the proposal. If the proposal is deemed “non-routine” and you do not give instructions to your broker or nominee, they may not vote your shares with respect to the proposal and the shares will be treated as broker non-votes. Therefore, if you do not provide voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your broker or nominee
may only vote your shares on routine matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. We encourage you to promptly provide voting instructions to your broker to ensure that your shares are voted on all of the proposals, even if you plan
to attend the Annual Meeting. Brokers or other nominees who hold shares of our Class A common stock for a beneficial owner have the discretion
to vote on routine proposals when they have not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner at least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker or other nominee
does not receive voting instructions from the beneficial owner and does not have the discretion to direct the voting of the shares. A quorum is
required to transact business at our Annual Meeting. Stockholders of record holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock represented at the Annual Meeting either virtually or by proxy and entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting constitute a quorum. If you have returned valid proxy instructions or attend the meeting virtually, your shares will be counted for the purpose of determining whether there is a quorum, even if you abstain from voting on some or all
matters introduced at the meeting. In addition, broker non-votes will be treated as present for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. 96 Table of Contents The vote required to approve each proposal is set forth below. Proposal Vote Required Impact of Broker Non-Votes Impact of Abstentions 1 – Election of ten director nominees Majority of the Class A Shares Cast for Each Director Nominee (1) No Impact No Impact 2 – Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation paid to our named executive officers Majority of the Class A Shares Entitled to Vote and Present in Person or Represented by Proxy at the Annual Meeting No Impact Counts Against 3 – Vote on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve executive compensation The frequency (every one year, two years, or three years) receiving the greatest number of votes will be considered the frequency recommended by stockholders No Impact No Impact 4 – Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2023 Majority of the Class A Shares Entitled to Vote and Present in Person or Represented by Proxy at the Annual Meeting No Impact Counts Against 5 – To vote on a stockholder proposal requesting an independent board chair policy Majority of the Class A Shares Entitled to Vote and Present in Person or Represented by Proxy at the Annual Meeting No Impact Counts Against (1) Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require each incumbent director nominee to submit an irrevocable contingent
resignation letter prior to the mailing of the proxy statement for an annual meeting at which the nominee’s candidacy will be considered. If the nominee does not receive a majority of the votes cast for his or her re-election, meaning that he or she does not have more votes cast FOR than AGAINST his or her re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
recommend to the Board that it accept the nominee’s contingent resignation, unless the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines that acceptance of the resignation would not be in the best interest of the Company and its
stockholders. The Board will decide whether to accept or reject the contingent resignation at its next regularly scheduled meeting, but in no event later than 120 days following certification of the election results. The Board will publicly disclose
its decision and rationale. Proxy Solicitor We will bear the expense of soliciting proxies. We have retained D.F. King & Co. to solicit proxies for a fee of $12,500 plus a reasonable
amount to cover expenses. Proxies may also be solicited in person, by telephone, or electronically by Visa personnel who will not receive additional compensation for such solicitation. Copies of proxy materials and the fiscal year 2022 Annual Report
will be supplied to brokers and other nominees for the purpose of soliciting proxies from beneficial owners, and we will reimburse such brokers or other nominees for their reasonable expenses. Voting Results Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. has been engaged as our independent agent to receive and tabulate stockholder votes. Broadridge will separately
tabulate FOR, AGAINST, and ABSTAIN votes and broker non-votes. We also have retained an independent inspector of election, who will certify the election results and perform any other acts required by the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Preliminary results will be announced at the Annual Meeting. Final results will be published in a
current report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four business days of the Annual Meeting. 97 Table of Contents Viewing the List of Stockholders Stockholders at the close of business on the Record Date may examine a list of Class A common stockholders as of the Record Date for any purpose
germane to the Annual Meeting for ten days preceding the Annual Meeting, at our offices in Foster City, California. If you would like to view the stockholder list, please contact our Investor Relations Department at InvestorRelations@visa.com or (650) 432-7644 to schedule an appointment. Attending the Meeting This year’s Annual Meeting will be held virtually. How to
participate in the Annual Meeting Online 1. Visit virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 ; and 2. Enter the 16-digit control number included on your Notice Regarding the Availability of
Proxy Materials (Notice), on your proxy card (if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials), or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. You may begin to log into the meeting platform
at 8:15 a.m. Pacific Time on January 24, 2023. The meeting will begin promptly at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. Without Internet access Call (877) 328-2502 (toll free) or (412) 317-5419 (international) to listen to the meeting proceedings. You will not be able to vote your shares or submit questions during the
meeting. How to
view the Annual Meeting without a 16-digit control number Visit virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 and register as a guest. You will not be able to vote your shares or ask questions during the meeting. For
help with technical difficulties Call (800) 586-1548 (U.S.) or (303) 562-9288 (international) for assistance. If you need additional stockholder support, please email InvestorRelations@visa.com or call (650) 432-7644 for assistance. Additional questions Email Visa Investor Relations at
InvestorRelations@visa.com or call (650) 432-7644. Submitting Questions for Our Virtual Annual Meeting Submitting Questions Before the Meeting 1. Log in to proxyvote.com ; 2. Enter your 16-digit control number; and 3. Once past the login screen, click on “Questions for Management,” type in your question, and click
“Submit.” During the Meeting 1. Log into the online meeting platform at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 , type your question into the “Ask a Question” field, and click “Submit” Only stockholders with a valid control number will be allowed to ask questions. Questions pertinent to meeting matters
will be answered during the meeting, subject to time constraints. If there are questions pertinent to meeting matters that cannot be answered during the meeting due to time constraints, management will post answers to a representative set of
questions on our Investor Relations website at investor.visa.com as soon as practicable after the meeting. 98 Table of Contents OTHER INFORMATION Stockholder Nomination of Director Candidates and Other Stockholder Proposals for 2024 Annual Meeting The submission deadline for stockholder proposals to be included in our proxy materials for the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders
pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act is August 3, 2023. All such proposals must be in writing and received by our Corporate Secretary electronically at corporatesecretary@visa.com or by mail at Visa
Inc., P.O. Box 193243, San Francisco, CA 94119 by the close of business on the required deadline in order to be considered for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Submission of a proposal before the deadline
does not guarantee its inclusion in our proxy materials. Under our Bylaws, director nominations and other business may be brought before an annual
meeting of stockholders only by or at the direction of the Board or by a stockholder entitled to vote who has submitted a proposal in accordance with the requirements of our Bylaws. To nominate a candidate or submit a proposal for consideration at
our 2024 annual meeting pursuant to our advance notice bylaw provisions, stockholders must deliver or mail their nomination submission or other stockholder notice of a proposal so that it is received by our Corporate Secretary no earlier than 120
days and no later than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting. However, if we provide stockholders less than 100 days’ notice or other prior public disclosure of the date of our 2024 annual meeting, we must receive any stockholder
nomination or proposal no later than the close of business on the 10th day following the earlier of the day on which we mailed or otherwise publicly disclosed notice of the meeting date. In addition to satisfying the deadlines in the advance notice
provisions of our Bylaws, a stockholder who intends to solicit proxies in support of nominees submitted under these advance notice provisions must provide the notice required under Rule 14a-19 to the Corporate
Secretary no later than November 25, 2023. In addition, the Company’s Bylaws permit up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of our
Class A common stock for a period of at least three years to nominate up to 20% of the Board and include these nominees in our proxy materials, subject to certain provisions included in our Bylaws. To nominate a candidate to be considered at
our 2024 annual meeting pursuant to our proxy access bylaw provisions, stockholders must deliver or mail their nomination so that it is received by our Corporate Secretary no earlier than the close of business on July 4, 2023 and no later than
the close of business on August 3, 2023. However, if the 2024 annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after the anniversary of the date of the 2023 annual meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, stockholders must
deliver or mail their nomination so that it is received by our Corporate Secretary no earlier than the close of business on the 150th day prior to the 2024 annual meeting date, and no later than the close of business on the later of the 120th day
prior to the 2024 annual meeting date or the 10th day following the day we publicly disclose the 2024 annual meeting date. The nomination or notice
of a proposal must include all of the information specified in our Bylaws. For a nomination, the required information includes identifying and stockholding information about the nominee, information about the stockholder making the nomination, and
the stockholder’s ownership of and agreements related to our stock. It also must include the nominee’s consent to serve if elected. Please refer to the relevant provisions of our Bylaws for additional information and requirements regarding
stockholder nominations or other stockholder proposals. A copy of our Bylaws may be obtained by visiting the Investor Relations page of our website at investor.visa.com under “Corporate Governance” or by contacting our Corporate
Secretary. Stockholders Sharing the Same Address The SEC has adopted rules that allow a company to deliver a single proxy statement or annual report to an address shared by two or more of its
stockholders. This method of delivery, known as “householding,” permits us to realize significant cost savings, reduces the amount of duplicate information stockholders receive, and reduces the environmental impact of printing and mailing
documents to our stockholders. Under this process, certain 99 Table of Contents stockholders will receive only one copy of our proxy materials and any additional proxy materials that are delivered until such time as one or more of these stockholders notifies us that they
want to receive separate copies. Any stockholders who object to or wish to begin householding may contact our Investor Relations Department at (650) 432-7644, InvestorRelations@visa.com or Investor
Relations, Visa Inc., P.O. Box 8999, San Francisco, CA 94128-8999. We will send an individual copy of the proxy statement to any stockholder who revokes their consent to householding within 30 days of our receipt of such revocation. Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report and SEC Filings Our financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report and this proxy statement are posted on our website at investor.visa.com and are available from the SEC at its website at sec.gov . Alternatively, you may request a printed
copy without charge by contacting our Investor Relations Department. 100 Table of Contents VISA INC. P.O. BOX 193243 SAN FRANCISCO, CA
94119-3243 VOTE BY INTERNET Before
The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode above Use the Internet to transmit your
voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January 23, 2023. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an
electronic voting instruction form. During The Meeting - Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 You may attend the meeting via the Internet and vote during the meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the
arrow available and follow the instructions. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on January 23, 2023. Have your proxy
card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o
Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS
FOLLOWS: D93505-P82138
                    KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS — — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — – — — — 
— THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN
THIS PORTION ONLY VISA INC. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR each of
the following nominees listed in Proposal 1. 1. To elect the ten director nominees named in the proxy statement. Nominees: For Against Abstain 1a.   Lloyd A. Carney ☐ ☐ ☐ 1b.   Kermit R. Crawford ☐ ☐ ☐ 1c.   Francisco Javier Fernández-Carbajal ☐ ☐ ☐ 1d.   Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. ☐ ☐ ☐ 1e.   Ramon Laguarta ☐ ☐ ☐ 1f.   Teri L. List ☐ ☐ ☐ 1g.   John F. Lundgren ☐ ☐ ☐ 1h.   Denise M. Morrison ☐ ☐ ☐ 1i.   Linda J. Rendle ☐ ☐ ☐ 1j.   Maynard G. Webb, Jr. ☐ ☐ ☐ The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR Proposal 2. For Against Abstain 2.  To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive
officers. ☐ ☐ ☐ The Board of Directors recommends you vote 1 YEAR on Proposal 3. 1 Year 2 Years 3 Years Abstain 3.  To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve executive
compensation. ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR Proposal 4. For Against Abstain 4.  To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm for fiscal year 2023. ☐ ☐ ☐ The Board of Directors recommends you vote AGAINST Proposal 5. For Against Abstain 5.  To vote on a stockholder proposal requesting an independent board chair
policy. ☐ ☐ ☐ To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement
thereof. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a
corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on January 24,
2023: The Notice and Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Stockholders can be accessed electronically at http://investor.visa.com or www.proxyvote.com. D93506-P82138 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF VISA INC. 2023 ANNUAL
MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS The undersigned stockholder(s) appoint(s) Kelly Mahon Tullier and Margaret Fitzpatrick, and
each of them, with full power of substitution, as attorneys and proxies for and in the name and place of the undersigned, and hereby authorize(s) each of them to represent and to vote all of the shares of Class A common stock of Visa Inc.
(“Visa”) that are held of record by the undersigned as of November 25, 2022, which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Visa to be held virtually via a live audio webcast at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/V2023 on January 24, 2023 at 8:30 a.m. (Pacific time), and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED AND RETURNED IN A TIMELY MANNER, WILL BE VOTED AT THE
ANNUAL MEETING AND AT ANY ADJOURNMENT OR POSTPONEMENT THEREOF IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF NO CONTRARY INDICATION IS MADE, THE PROXY WILL BE VOTED IN FAVOR OF ELECTING THE TEN NOMINEES IDENTIFIED HEREIN TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, FOR PROPOSALS 2 AND 4, AGAINST PROPOSAL 5, AND 1 YEAR FOR PROPOSAL 3. In their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Continued and to be signed on reverse side