DEF 14A 1 f28425dedef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  ) Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a- 6(e)(2) ) þ Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 SANDISK CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: N/A (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: N/A (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was
determined): N/A (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: N/A (5) Total fee paid: N/A o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2)
and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its
filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: N/A (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: N/A (3) Filing Party: N/A (4) Date Filed: N/A Table of Contents SANDISK
    CORPORATION 601
    McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, California 95035 Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of SanDisk
    Corporation (the “Company”), which will be held on
    May 24, 2007 at 8:00 a.m., local time, at the
    Company’s headquarters, 601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas,
    California 95035. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
    upon the following proposals: (i) to elect seven
    (7) Directors of the Company, (ii) to ratify the
    appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s
    independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
    year ending December 30, 2007, and (iii) a stockholder
    proposal regarding performance-vesting shares if properly
    presented at the Annual Meeting. The enclosed Proxy Statement more fully describes the details of
    the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting. After
    careful consideration, the Company’s Board of Directors has
    unanimously approved proposals (i) and (ii) described
    above and recommends that you vote FOR such proposals, and
    has unanimously rejected proposal (iii) described above and
    recommends that you vote AGAINST such proposal. After reading the Proxy Statement, please mark, sign, date and
    return the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying reply
    envelope, or follow the instructions included with your proxy
    card to submit your proxy via the toll-free telephone number or
    via the internet, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual
    Meeting in person. Please vote as promptly as possible but no
    later than prior to the closing of the polls for the Annual
    Meeting. If you decide to attend the Annual Meeting and would
    prefer to vote in person, please notify an Assistant Secretary
    of the Company that you wish to vote in person and your proxy
    will not be voted. YOUR SHARES CANNOT BE VOTED UNLESS YOU
    SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY, VOTE VIA TELEPHONE OR
    INTERNET OR ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON. A copy of the Company’s 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K has been mailed concurrently herewith to all stockholders
    entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting. Sincerely yours, Eli Harari Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer Milpitas, California April 10, 2007 IMPORTANT Please read the attached proxy statement carefully and mark,
    sign and date the enclosed proxy and return it at your earliest
    convenience in the enclosed postage-prepaid return envelope, or
    follow the instructions included with your proxy card to submit
    your proxy via the toll-free telephone number or via the
    internet, so that if you are unable to attend the Annual
    Meeting, your shares may be voted. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS PROXY STATEMENT GENERAL VOTING RIGHTS REVOCABILITY OF PROXIES SOLICITATION OF PROXIES STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES BUSINESS EXPERIENCE OF NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES CONSIDERATION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES DIRECTOR COMPENSATION — FISCAL 2006 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PROPOSAL NO. 3 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING PERFORMANCE-VESTING SHARES SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Equity Compensation Information for Plans or Individual Arrangements with Employees and Non-Employees FORM 10-K AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE — FISCAL 2006 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2006 YEAR-END OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2006 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS Table of Contents SANDISK
    CORPORATION 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, California 95035 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held May 24,
    2007 To Our Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of SanDisk
    Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
    to be held on May 24, 2007 at 8:00 a.m., local time,
    at the Company’s headquarters, 601 McCarthy Boulevard,
    Milpitas, California 95035, for the following purposes: 1. To elect seven (7) Directors to serve for the
    ensuing year or until their respective successors are duly
    elected and qualified. The nominees are Dr. Eli Harari,
    Irwin Federman, Steven J. Gomo, Eddy W. Hartenstein, Catherine
    P. Lego, Michael E. Marks and Dr. James D. Meindl. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP
    as the Company’s independent registered public accounting
    firm for the fiscal year ending December 30, 2007. 3. To consider and vote on a stockholder proposal relating
    to performance-vesting shares, if properly presented at the
    Annual Meeting. 4. To transact such other business as may properly come
    before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the
    Proxy Statement that accompanies this Notice. The Board of
    Directors has unanimously approved proposals 1 and 2 above
    as described in the Proxy Statement and recommends that you vote
    “FOR” such proposals. The Board of Directors has
    unanimously rejected proposal 3 above as described in the
    Proxy Statement and recommends that you vote “AGAINST”
    such proposal. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on
    March 27, 2007 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
    Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. A
    list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will
    be available for inspection at the executive offices of the
    Company. All stockholders are cordially invited and encouraged to attend
    the Annual Meeting. In any event, to ensure your representation
    at the meeting, please carefully read the accompanying Proxy
    Statement, which describes the matters to be voted on at the
    Annual Meeting and mark, sign, date and return the enclosed
    proxy card in the reply envelope provided, or call the toll-free
    telephone number or use the internet by following the
    instructions included with your proxy card to submit your proxy.
    Should you receive more than one proxy because your shares are
    registered in different names and addresses, please sign and
    submit all proxy cards or grant each proxy by telephone or
    through the internet to ensure that all of your shares will be
    voted. If you attend the Annual Meeting and vote by ballot, your
    proxy will be revoked automatically and only your vote at the
    Annual Meeting will be counted. The prompt return of your proxy
    card or your prompt use of the toll-free telephone number or the
    internet to grant your proxy will assist us in preparing for the
    Annual Meeting. We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Eli Harari Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer Milpitas, California April 10, 2007 ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL
    MEETING IN PERSON. IN ANY EVENT, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION
    AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, WE URGE YOU TO MARK, SIGN, DATE AND
    RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE
    POSTAGE-PREPAID ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE, OR CALL THE
    TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER OR USE THE INTERNET BY FOLLOWING THE
    INSTRUCTIONS INCLUDED WITH YOUR PROXY CARD TO SUBMIT YOUR
    PROXY. Table of Contents PROXY
    STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF SANDISK CORPORATION TO BE HELD MAY 24, 2007 GENERAL This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the
    solicitation by the Board of Directors (the “Board of
    Directors” or the “Board”) of SanDisk
    Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company,”
    “SanDisk,” “we” or “our”), of
    proxies to be voted at the Company’s Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) to be held on
    May 24, 2007, or at any adjournment or postponement
    thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice
    of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders of record at the
    close of business on March 27, 2007 will be entitled to
    vote at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held at
    8:00 a.m., local time, at the Company’s headquarters,
    601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. This Proxy Statement and the enclosed proxy card will be first
    mailed to stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on
    or about April 10, 2007. VOTING
    RIGHTS The close of business on March 27, 2007 was the record date
    for stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual
    Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. At the
    record date, the Company had approximately
    228,392,654 shares of Common Stock outstanding and entitled
    to vote at the Annual Meeting, held by approximately
    590 stockholders of record. Each holder of record at the
    close of business on March 27, 2007 is entitled to one vote
    for each share of Common Stock so held. In the election of
    Directors, however, cumulative voting is authorized for all
    stockholders if any stockholder gives notice at the meeting,
    prior to voting for the election of Directors, of his, her or
    its intention to cumulate votes. Under cumulative voting, a
    stockholder may cumulate votes and give to one nominee a number
    of votes equal to the number of Directors to be elected (seven
    (7) at this meeting) multiplied by the number of votes to
    which such stockholder is entitled, or may distribute such
    number among any or all of the nominees. The seven
    (7) candidates receiving the highest number of votes will
    be elected. The Board is soliciting discretionary authority to
    vote proxies cumulatively in the event a stockholder gives
    notice of an intent to cumulate votes. A majority of the shares
    of Common Stock entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for
    the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. If any stockholder is unable to attend the Annual Meeting, the
    stockholder may vote by proxy. The enclosed proxy is solicited
    by the Board of Directors and, when the proxy card is properly
    completed and returned, or the proxy is granted by telephone or
    through the internet, the proxy will be voted as directed by the
    stockholder. Stockholders are urged to specify their choices on
    the enclosed proxy card or through the telephone or internet
    voting process. If you sign and return the proxy card, or grant
    your proxy by telephone or through the internet, but do not vote
    on a proposal, in the absence of contrary instructions, the
    shares of Common Stock represented by such proxy will be voted
    FOR Proposals 1 and 2 and AGAINST Proposal 3, and will
    be voted in the proxy holders’ discretion as to other
    matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares present or
    represented at the Annual Meeting and voting is required for the
    election of Directors (Proposal 1). The affirmative vote of
    a majority of the shares present or represented by proxy at the
    meeting and entitled to vote is required for the ratification of
    the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm
    (Proposal 2). The affirmative vote of a majority of the
    shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting and
    entitled to vote is required to approve the stockholder proposal
    regarding performance-vesting shares (Proposal 3). An
    automated system administered by the Company’s transfer
    agent tabulates stockholder votes. Abstentions and broker
    non-votes are each included in determining the number of shares
    present and voting at the Annual Meeting for purposes of
    determining the presence or absence of a quorum, and each is
    tabulated separately. Abstentions with respect to any matter
    other than the election of Directors (Proposal 1) will
    be treated as shares present or represented by proxy and
    entitled to vote on that matter and will thus have the same
    effect as negative votes. If shares are not voted by the bank,
    broker or other 2 Table of Contents financial institution which is the record holder of the shares
    but who does not receive voting instructions from the beneficial
    owners of those shares, or if shares are not voted in other
    circumstances in which proxy authority is defective or has been
    withheld with respect to any matter, these non-voted shares, or
    “broker non-votes,” are deemed not to be entitled to
    vote on the matter and accordingly are not counted for purposes
    of determining whether stockholder approval of that matter has
    been obtained with respect to Proposals 2 and 3. REVOCABILITY
    OF PROXIES Any person giving a proxy has the power to revoke it at any time
    before its exercise. A proxy may be revoked by filing with an
    Assistant Secretary of the Company an instrument of revocation
    or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date, or by attending
    the Annual Meeting and voting in person. SOLICITATION
    OF PROXIES The Company’s Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for
    the Annual Meeting. The Company will bear the cost of soliciting
    proxies. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to
    brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding shares in
    their names that are beneficially owned by others to forward to
    such beneficial owners. The Company may reimburse such persons
    for the costs they incur to forward the solicitation material to
    such beneficial owners. The original solicitation of proxies by
    mail may be supplemented by solicitation by telephone,
    facsimile, or other means by Directors, officers, employees or
    agents of the Company. No additional compensation will be paid
    to these individuals for any such services. The Company has
    retained a proxy solicitation firm, The Altman Group, Inc., to
    aid it in the solicitation process. The Company will pay The
    Altman Group, Inc. a fee equal to $6,000 plus reasonable
    customary expenses. Following the original mailing of the
    proxies and other soliciting materials, the Company will request
    brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders to
    forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting materials to
    persons for whom they hold shares and to request authority for
    the exercise of proxies. In such cases, the Company, upon the
    request of the record holders, will reimburse such holders for
    their reasonable expenses. STOCKHOLDER
    PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE NEXT ANNUAL
    MEETING Proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be
    presented by such stockholders at the Company’s 2008 Annual
    Meeting must be received no later than December 11, 2007 in
    order that they may be included in the proxy statement and form
    of proxy relating to that meeting. In addition, the proxy
    solicited by the Board of Directors for the 2008 Annual Meeting
    will confer discretionary authority to vote on any stockholder
    proposal presented at that meeting, unless the Company receives
    notice of such proposal before February 24, 2008. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006
    (the “2006 fiscal year” or “fiscal 2006”)
    has been mailed concurrently with the mailing of the Notice of
    Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement to all stockholders entitled
    to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. The Annual
    Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated into this Proxy Statement and is not
    considered proxy soliciting material. PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The current Board of Directors consists of seven
    (7) members with one vacancy. The Board of Directors has
    not nominated an individual to fill the vacancy. It is intended
    that the proxies will be voted for the seven (7) nominees
    named below for election to the Company’s Board of
    Directors unless authority to vote for any such nominee is
    withheld. Each of the seven (7) nominees is currently a
    Director of the Company and was elected to the Board of
    Directors by the stockholders at the last annual meeting. Each
    of the non-employee nominees is independent as defined under
    Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and
    applicable stock exchange rules. Alan F. Shugart resigned as a
    director on May 25, 2006. During his service on the Board,
    Mr. Shugart was independent as defined under SEC and
    applicable stock exchange rules. Directors elected to the Board
    of Directors will serve for the 3 Table of Contents ensuing year or until their respective successors are duly
    elected and qualified. Each nominee has been recommended for
    nomination by the Nominating and Governance Committee, has been
    nominated by the Board of Directors for election and has agreed
    to serve if elected, and the Board of Directors has no reason to
    believe that any nominee will be unavailable or will decline to
    serve. In the event, however, that any nominee is unable or
    declines to serve as a Director at the time of the Annual
    Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee who is
    designated by the current Board of Directors to fill the
    vacancy. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxyholders will vote
    the proxies received by them “FOR” the nominees named
    below. The seven (7) candidates receiving the highest
    number of the affirmative votes of the shares entitled to vote
    at the Annual Meeting will be elected Directors of the Company.
    The proxies solicited by this Proxy Statement may not be voted
    for more than seven (7) nominees. NOMINEES Set forth below is information regarding the nominees to the
    Board of Directors. First Elected/Appointed Position(s) with As a Name the Company Age Director Dr. Eli Harari(1) Chairman of the Board, Director
    and Chief Executive Officer 61 1988 Irwin Federman(2)(3) Vice Chairman of the Board and
    Lead Independent Director 71 1988 Steven J. Gomo(2) Director 55 2005 Eddy W. Hartenstein(4) Director 56 2005 Catherine P. Lego(2)(5) Director 50 2004 Michael E. Marks(3)(4) Director 56 2003 Dr. James D. Meindl(3) Director 73 1989 (1) Member of the Special Option Committee (2) Member of the Audit Committee (3) Member of the Compensation Committee (4) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee (5) Ms. Lego served as a Director of the Company from 1989 to
    2002 and returned to the Board of Directors in May 2004. BUSINESS
    EXPERIENCE OF NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS Dr. Harari , the founder of SanDisk, has served as
    Chief Executive Officer and as a director of SanDisk since June
    1988. He was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2006.
    Dr. Harari also served as President from June 1998 to June
    2006. Dr. Harari founded Waferscale Integration, Inc., a
    privately held semiconductor company, in 1983 and was its
    President and Chief Executive Officer from 1983 to 1986, and
    Chairman and Chief Technical Officer from 1986 to 1988. From
    1973 to 1983, Dr. Harari held various management positions
    with Honeywell Inc., Intel Corporation and Hughes
    Microelectronics Ltd. Dr. Harari holds a Ph.D. in Solid
    State Sciences from Princeton University and has more than 100
    patents issued in the field of non-volatile memories and storage
    systems. In December 2006, Dr. Harari, along with
    SanDisk’s co-founders Sanjay Mehrotra and Jack Yuan,
    received the 2006 IEEE Reynold B. Johnson Data Storage Device
    Technology Award “For leadership in the development and
    commercialization of Flash EEPROM-based data storage
    products.” Dr. Harari is a board member of Tower
    Semiconductor Ltd. Mr. Federman has served as a Director of the Company
    since September 1988. Mr. Federman has been a general
    partner in U.S. Venture Partners, a venture capital firm,
    since April 1990. Mr. Federman was President and CEO of
    Monolithic Memories, Inc., a semiconductor company, from 1978 to
    1987. Prior to serving as President and CEO, Mr. Federman
    was the Chief Financial Officer of Monolithic Memories, Inc.
    Mr. Federman also serves as a director for Check Point
    Software Technologies Ltd., a security software company,
    Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., a semiconductor 4 Table of Contents company, and various private corporations and charitable trusts.
    Mr. Federman holds a B.S. in Economics from Brooklyn
    College and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering
    from Santa Clara University. Mr. Gomo has served as a Director of the Company
    since December 2005. Mr. Gomo serves as Executive Vice
    President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Network
    Appliance, Inc. Prior to joining Network Appliance, Inc. in
    August 2002, Mr. Gomo served as Chief Financial Officer of
    Gemplus International S.A. from November 2000 to April 2002, as
    Chief Financial Officer of Asera, Inc. from February 2000 to
    November 2000, and as Chief Financial Officer of Silicon
    Graphics, Inc. from February 1998 to February 2000. Previously,
    Mr. Gomo spent 24 years at Hewlett-Packard Company
    serving in various positions including finance, financial
    management, manufacturing and general management. Mr. Gomo
    holds a bachelor’s degree from Oregon State University and
    a masters of business administration from Santa Clara
    University. Mr. Gomo was a director of Macromedia, Inc.
    from April 2004 to December 2005. Mr. Hartenstein has served as a Director of the
    Company since November 2005. Mr. Hartenstein has served as
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
    HD Partners Acquisition Corporation, a company formed to
    effect a merger, or other business combination with one or more
    operating businesses in the media, entertainment or
    telecommunications industries, since December 2005. Previously,
    Mr. Hartenstein served as Chairman and Chief Executive
    Officer of DIRECTV, Inc., a television service provider, from
    its inception in 1990 through 2003, when News Corporation
    purchased a controlling interest in the company. He continued as
    vice chairman of The DIRECTV Group through 2004 when he retired.
    Mr. Hartenstein received B.S. degrees in Aerospace
    Engineering and Mathematics from California State Polytechnic
    University, Pomona and he received an M.S. degree in Applied
    Mechanics from the California Institute of Technology in 1974.
    He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and was
    inducted into the Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame in 2002.
    Mr. Hartenstein also serves on the boards of XM Satellite
    Radio Holdings Inc., Thomson S.A. (Thomson Multimedia) and the
    Consumer Electronics Association. Ms. Lego served as a Director of the Company from
    1989 to 2002 and returned to the Board in May 2004.
    Ms. Lego has been a General Partner of The Photonics Fund,
    an early stage venture fund focused on investing in components,
    modules and systems companies for the fiber optics
    telecommunications market since December 1999. She was a general
    partner at Oak Investment Partners from 1981 to 1992.
    Ms. Lego serves as a director for WJ Communications,
    Inc., a public semiconductor company in the wireless
    communications market. Ms. Lego also serves as a director
    for Lam Research, a provider of wafer fabrication equipment and
    services for the semiconductor industry, and is a member of
    their Audit Committee. Ms. Lego received a B.A. from
    Williams College and an M.S. in Accounting from the New York
    University Graduate School of Business. She has previously
    practiced as a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Marks has served as a Director of the Company
    since August 2003. Mr. Marks has been a senior adviser of
    Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., a private equity firm,
    since January 2007. From January 2006 until January 2007,
    Mr. Marks was a member of Kohlberg Kravis
    Roberts & Co. From January 1994 to January 1,
    2006, Mr. Marks served as the Chief Executive Officer of
    Flextronics, Inc., a leading producer of advanced electronic
    manufacturing services. He was appointed Chairman of the Board
    of Flextronics effective upon his retirement as Chief Executive
    Officer on January 1, 2006, and he previously served as
    Chairman of the Board of Flextronics from 1993 to January 2003.
    Mr. Marks has served as a member of the board of directors
    of Flextronics since 1991, and also serves as a board member of
    Accellent Inc., a provider of outsourced precision manufacturing
    and engineering services for the medical device industry, Crocs,
    Inc., designer, manufacturer and marketer of footwear for men,
    women and children, Schlumberger Limited, an oil services
    company, and The V Foundation for Cancer Research.
    Mr. Marks received a B.A. and M.A. from Oberlin College and
    his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Dr. Meindl has served as a Director of the Company
    since March 1989. Dr. Meindl has been the Joseph
    M. Pettit Chair Professor of Microelectronics at the
    Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia since 1993.
    From 1986 to 1993, Dr. Meindl served as Senior Vice
    President for Academic Affairs and Provost of Rensselaer
    Polytechnic Institute. While at Stanford University from 1967 to
    1986, he was the John M. Fluke Professor of Electrical
    Engineering and Director of the Stanford Electronics Laboratory
    and the Center for Integrated Systems. Dr. Meindl serves as
    a director of Zoran Corporation, a leading provider of digital solutions-on-a-chip for applications in the growing consumer electronics and digital
    imaging markets, and Stratex Networks, Inc., formerly DMC
    Stratex Networks, Inc., a provider of high-speed wireless
    transmission solutions. He received the 2006 IEEE Medal of
    Honor, the highest award presented by IEEE. Dr. Meindl
    holds a B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from
    Carnegie-Mellon University. 5 Table of Contents BOARD
    MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES The Board of Directors held fourteen (14) meetings during
    fiscal 2006. During fiscal 2006, each member of the Board of
    Directors attended or participated in seventy-five percent (75%)
    or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of
    meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year
    or the portion thereof following such person’s appointment
    to the Board and (ii) the total number of meetings held by
    all committees on which such Director served during the past
    fiscal year or the portion thereof following such person’s
    appointment to one or more of those committees. There are no
    family relationships among executive officers or Directors of
    the Company. The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee, a
    Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee, a
    Special Option Committee and a Secondary Executive Committee. Communications
    with the Board The Company encourages stockholder communications with its Board
    of Directors. Any stockholder communications with the Board of
    Directors may be submitted either via postal mail or email. Postal
    Mail Postal mail submissions should be directed to the following
    address: Board of Directors c/o Investor Relations SanDisk Corporation 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, CA 95035 Email Individuals may also communicate with the Board by submitting an
    email to the Company’s Board at BOD@sandisk.com. Email
    submitted to this email address will be relayed to all Directors. Communications
    Intended for Non-Management Directors Communications that are intended specifically for non-management
    Directors should be sent to the postal or email address above to
    the attention of the Chair of the Nominating and Governance
    Committee. Company
    Policy Regarding Board Member Attendance at Annual
    Meetings The Company encourages attendance by each incumbent Director and
    each nominee to the Board at its Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
    Six (6) out of the then-current eight (8) Board
    members attended the Company’s 2006 Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders. Audit
    Committee The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors held twelve
    (12) meetings during fiscal 2006. The Audit Committee,
    which consists of Directors Federman, Gomo and Lego, oversees on
    behalf of the Board of Directors the integrity of the
    Company’s financial statements, the appointment,
    compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of
    the Company’s independent registered public accounting
    firm, the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory
    requirements and the performance of the Company’s internal
    accounting, audit and financial controls. The Board of Directors
    adopted and approved a revised written charter for the Audit
    Committee in February 2005 that reflects new AICPA and SEC rules
    on auditor rotation. A current copy of this charter is available
    on the Company’s website at www.sandisk.com. The Board of
    Directors has determined that Mr. Federman is an
    “audit committee financial expert” as defined by the
    SEC. The Board of Directors has determined that each of the
    members of this Committee is an “independent director”
    as defined in Rule 4200 of the Marketplace Rules of the
    National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and also meets
    the additional criteria for independence of Audit Committee
    members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 6 Table of Contents Compensation
    Committee The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is
    responsible for establishing and governing the compensation and
    benefit practices of the Company. The Compensation Committee
    consists of Directors Federman, Marks and Meindl. The
    Compensation Committee establishes the general compensation
    policies of the Company, reviews and approves compensation of
    the executive officers of the Company and oversees all of the
    Company’s employee benefit plans. The Compensation
    Committee Charter, which was adopted by the Board of Directors
    in February 2003 and was amended in February 2007, requires that
    the Compensation Committee consist of no fewer than two
    (2) Board members who satisfy the independence requirements
    of NASDAQ and applicable law. At all times during fiscal 2006,
    the Compensation Committee consisted of at least two
    (2) Board members, each of whom the Board has affirmatively
    determined satisfies these independence requirements. The Compensation Committee Charter sets forth the purpose of and
    other matters pertaining to the Compensation Committee. The
    Compensation Committee Charter is available through the Investor
    Relations section of the Company’s website at
    www.sandisk.com. Pursuant to its Charter, the Compensation
    Committee’s responsibilities include the following: • review and approve the corporate goals and objectives relevant
    to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and, in
    consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, other executive
    officers; • evaluate the Chief Executive Officer’s performance (and, in
    consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the other
    executive officers’ performance) in light of such goals and
    objectives; • set officers’ compensation levels based on such evaluation
    and other factors deemed appropriate, including the
    Company’s performance and relative stockholder return, the
    value of incentive awards to executive officers at comparable
    companies and the awards given to the Company’s officers in
    past years; • review and approve significant employment, separation, severance
    and other contracts having any compensatory effect or purpose; • review and assist the Board in developing succession plans for
    executive officers; • review and recommend to the Board appropriate director
    compensation programs for non-employee directors; • develop and periodically assess the Compensation
    Committee’s compensation policies; • approve stock option grants and other share-based or incentive
    awards; • have sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation
    consulting firm used to evaluate executive or director
    compensation, including to approve the consulting firm’s
    fees and other retention terms; • timely review and approve the disclosures on executive
    compensation and prepare a report to the Board recommending that
    such disclosure be included in the Company’s annual proxy
    statement; and • perform any other activities consistent with the Charter. Our Chief Executive Officer recommends to the Compensation
    Committee salary, annual bonus and long-term compensation levels
    for less senior officers, including the other Named Executive
    Officers (as defined below under “Compensation Discussion
    and Analysis”), in accordance with the Compensation
    Committee Charter. Our President and Chief Operating Officer
    assists the Chief Executive Officer in reviewing performance and
    formulating these recommendations to the Compensation Committee.
    Other Named Executive Officers, including our Chief Financial
    Officer, provide financial and other information to the
    Compensation Committee to assist in determining appropriate
    compensation levels. Our other executive officers, including the
    other Named Executive Officers, do not currently have any role
    in determining or recommending the form or amount of
    compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers and our other
    senior executive officers. The Board has delegated concurrent authority to the Compensation
    Committee and the Special Option Committee to grant share-based
    awards (including stock options and stock units) to employees
    who are not subject to Section 16 of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Section 16
    officers”). The Special Option 7 Table of Contents Committee may consist of one or more directors, and currently
    consists of one director, Dr. Harari. The Board has also
    delegated authority to the Secondary Executive Committee to
    grant stock options (but not stock units or other equity awards)
    to non-Section 16 officers. The Secondary Executive
    Committee may be comprised of one or more officers of the
    Company, and is currently comprised of two officers, Sanjay
    Mehrotra, the Company’s President and Chief Operating
    Officer, and Judy Bruner, the Company’s Executive Vice
    President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer.
    Share-based awards to Section 16 officers are made by the
    Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met six
    (6) times and took action by written consent two
    (2) times during fiscal 2006. The Special Option Committee
    took action by written consent fifty (50) times during
    fiscal 2006. The Secondary Executive Committee took action by
    written consent sixteen (16) times during fiscal 2006. As indicated above, pursuant to the Charter, the Compensation
    Committee is authorized to retain and terminate any compensation
    consultant engaged to assist in the evaluation of the
    compensation of our senior executive officers (including all of
    the Named Executive Officers). The Compensation Committee has
    not retained the services of a compensation consulting firm.
    From time to time, management has retained and consulted with
    its own outside advisors, including compensation consultants, to
    assist in analyzing the Company’s peer group and preparing
    recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding
    compensation programs and levels. Nominating
    and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of
    Directors (the “Nominating and Governance Committee”)
    held three (3) meetings during fiscal 2006 and met
    subsequent to the end of the last fiscal year to recommend to
    the full Board each of the nominees for election to the Board of
    Directors, as presented herein. The Nominating and Governance
    Committee consists of Directors Marks and Hartenstein. The
    Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, considers and
    recommends director nominees to be selected by the Board of
    Directors for submission to vote at the Company’s annual
    stockholder meetings and to fill vacancies occurring between
    annual stockholder meetings, implements the Board’s
    criteria for selecting new Directors, develops or reviews and
    recommends corporate governance policies for the Board, and
    oversees the Board’s annual evaluation process. The
    Nominating and Governance Committee is also authorized to
    conduct investigations and to retain, at the expense of the
    Company, independent legal, accounting, financial, governance or
    other professional consultants selected by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee, for any matters relating to the purposes
    of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board of
    Directors adopted a charter for the Nominating and Governance
    Committee in February 2003, which was last amended in February
    2007. A current copy of this charter is available on the
    Company’s website at www.sandisk.com. The Board of
    Directors has determined that each of the members of the
    Nominating and Governance Committee is an “independent
    director” as defined in Rule 4200 of the Marketplace
    Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. CONSIDERATION
    OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Stockholder-Recommended
    Nominees The policy of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to
    consider properly submitted stockholder recommendations for
    nominees for membership on the Board as described below under
    “Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors.”
    In evaluating the recommended nominees, the Nominating and
    Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge,
    experience and capability on the Board and to address the
    membership criteria set forth under “Director
    Qualifications.” The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider
    recommendations for nominees from stockholders. Stockholders may
    recommend individuals for consideration by submitting the
    materials set forth below to the Chair of the Nominating and
    Governance Committee at the Company’s address. If the
    nominees are intended to be considered by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee for recommendation to the Board for the
    slate of Directors to be voted on at the Company’s annual
    meeting (“Annual Meeting Nominees”), the written
    materials must be submitted within the time permitted for
    submission of a stockholder proposal for inclusion in the
    Company’s proxy statement for the subject annual meeting
    and such submission must also comply with the provisions for
    stockholder proposals set forth in the Company’s Bylaws.
    For all other vacancies, the written materials must be submitted
    at least 30 days prior to the time that the Nominating and
    Governance Committee meets 8 Table of Contents to consider candidates for any vacancy. Stockholder nominees
    that are not Annual Meeting Nominees shall be considered if and
    when the Board determines to fill any vacancy on the Board. The written materials must include: (1) all information
    relating to the individual recommended that is required to be
    disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including, with respect to
    Annual Meeting Nominees, such person’s written consent to
    being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and, with
    respect to all nominees, such person’s written consent to
    serving as a Director if elected); (2) the name(s) and
    address(es) of the stockholder(s) making the recommendation and
    the amount of the Company’s securities owned beneficially
    and of record by such stockholder(s); (3) appropriate
    biographical information (including a business address and a
    telephone number) and a statement as to the individual’s
    qualifications, with a focus on the criteria described below
    under “Director Qualifications”; (4) a
    representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of
    stock of the Company entitled to vote on the date of submission
    of such written materials; and (5) any material interest of
    the stockholder in the recommended nomination. Any stockholder nominations recommended for consideration by the
    Nominating and Governance Committee should be addressed to: Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee SanDisk Corporation 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, CA 95035 Director
    Qualifications The Nominating and Governance Committee has established the
    following minimum criteria for evaluating prospective Board
    candidates: • Reputation for integrity, strong moral character and adherence
    to high ethical standards; • Holds or has held a generally recognized position of leadership
    in the community and/or chosen field of endeavor, and has demonstrated high levels of
    accomplishment; • Demonstrated business acumen and experience, and ability to
    exercise sound business judgment in matters that relate to the
    current and long-term objectives of the Company; • Ability to read and understand basic financial statements and
    other financial information pertaining to the Company; • Commitment to understand the Company and its business, industry
    and strategic objectives; • Commitment and ability to regularly attend and participate in
    meetings of the Board of Directors, Board Committees and
    stockholders, the number of other company boards on which the
    candidate serves and ability to generally fulfill all
    responsibilities as a Director of the Company; • Willingness to represent and act in the interests of all
    stockholders of the Company rather than the interests of a
    particular group; • Good health and ability to serve; • For prospective non-employee Directors, independence under SEC
    and applicable stock exchange rules, and the absence of any
    conflict of interest (whether due to a business or personal
    relationship) or legal impediment to, or restriction on, the
    nominee serving as a director; and • Willingness to accept the nomination to serve as a Director of
    the Company. Other
    Factors for Potential Consideration The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider the
    following factors in connection with its evaluation of each
    prospective nominee: • Whether the prospective nominee will foster a diversity of
    skills and experiences; 9 Table of Contents • Whether the nominee possesses the requisite education, training
    and experience to qualify as “financially literate” or
    as an “audit committee financial expert” under
    applicable SEC and stock exchange rules; • For incumbent Directors standing for re-election, the Nominating
    and Governance Committee will assess the incumbent
    Director’s performance during his or her term, including
    the number of meetings attended, level of participation, and
    overall contribution to the Company; the number of other company
    boards on which the individual serves; the composition of the
    Board at that time; any changed circumstances affecting the
    individual Director which may bear on his or her ability to
    continue to serve on the Board; and the Company’s
    retirement policy for directors, as set forth in its Corporate
    Governance Principles; and • Composition of the Board and whether the prospective nominee
    will add to or complement the Board’s existing strengths. Identifying
    and Evaluating Nominees for Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee initiates the process by
    preparing a slate of potential candidates who, based on their
    biographical information and other information available to the
    Nominating and Governance Committee, appear to meet the criteria
    specified above and/or who
    have specific qualities, skills or experience being sought
    (based on input from the full Board). • Outside Advisors. The Nominating and
    Governance Committee may engage a third-party search firm or
    other advisors to assist in identifying prospective nominees. • Nomination of Incumbent Directors. The
    re-nomination of existing Directors is not automatic, but is
    based on continuing qualification under the criteria set forth
    above and the Corporate Governance Principles of the Company. • Management Directors. The number of officers
    or employees of the Company serving at any time on the Board
    should be limited such that, at all times, a majority of the
    Directors is “independent” under applicable SEC and
    stock exchange rules. After reviewing appropriate biographical information and
    qualifications, first-time candidates the Nominating and
    Governance Committee proposes to include on the slate of
    potential candidates described above, including those proposed
    to fill any vacancy, will be interviewed by at least one member
    of the Nominating and Governance Committee and by the Chief
    Executive Officer. Upon completion of the above procedures, the
    Nominating and Governance Committee shall determine the list of
    potential candidates to be recommended to the full Board for
    nomination at the annual meeting or to fill any vacancy on the
    Board. The Board of Directors will select the slate of nominees,
    including any nominee to fill a vacancy, only from candidates
    identified, screened and approved by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee. Special
    Option Committee The Special Option Committee of the Board of Directors has the
    authority to grant options and stock units solely to employees
    other than officers and Directors. The Special Option Committee,
    comprised of Director Harari, acted by written consent on 50
    occasions during fiscal 2006. The Special Option Committee acts
    pursuant to limiting guidelines adopted by the Board of
    Directors. Secondary
    Executive Committee The Secondary Executive Committee of the Board of Directors has
    the authority to grant stock options (but not stock units or
    other share-based awards) to non-Section 16 officers. The
    Secondary Executive Committee may be comprised of one or more
    officers of the Company and is currently comprised of
    Mr. Mehrotra and Ms. Bruner. The Secondary Executive
    Committee acted by written consent on 16 occasions during fiscal
    2006. The Secondary Executive Committee acts pursuant to
    limiting guidelines adopted by the Board of Directors. 10 Table of Contents DIRECTOR
    COMPENSATION — FISCAL 2006 The following table presents information regarding the
    compensation paid during fiscal 2006 to individuals who were
    members of our Board of Directors at any time during fiscal 2006
    and who were not also our employees (referred to herein as
    “Non-Employee Directors”). The compensation paid to
    any director who was also one of our employees during fiscal
    2006 is presented below in the Summary Compensation
    Table — Fiscal 2006 and the related explanatory
    tables. Such employee-directors are generally not entitled to receive additional compensation
    for their services as directors. Fees Earned or Paid in Stock Option All Other Cash Awards Awards Compensation Total Name ($) ($)(2)(3)(4) ($)(2)(3)(4) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Irwin Federman 67,272 73,218 56,002 — 196,492 Steven J. Gomo 63,993 80,387 115,910 — 260,290 Eddy W. Hartenstein 48,893 123,254 141,640 — 313,787 Catherine P. Lego 70,000 73,218 579,963 — 723,181 Michael E. Marks 59,500 73,218 767,788 — 900,506 Dr. James D. Meindl 47,500 73,218 56,002 — 176,720 Alan F. Shugart(1) 39,750 25,766 30,886 — 96,402 (1) Mr. Shugart resigned from the Board of Directors effective
    May 25, 2006. (2) The amounts reported in columns (c) and (d) above
    reflect the aggregate dollar amounts recognized for stock awards
    and option awards, respectively, for financial statement
    reporting purposes with respect to fiscal 2006 (disregarding any
    estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting
    conditions). For a discussion of the assumptions and
    methodologies used to calculate the amounts reported in columns
    (c) and (d) above, please see the discussion of stock
    and option awards contained in Note 5 (“Compensation
    and Benefits”) to the Company’s Consolidated Financial
    Statements, included as part of the Company’s 2006 Annual
    Report filed on Form 10-K, which note is incorporated herein by reference. (3) As described below, we granted each of our Non-Employee
    Directors (other than Mr. Shugart, who resigned from the
    Board of Directors prior to the grant date, and Mr. Gomo,
    who had not served as a director for at least six
    (6) months as of the grant date) an award of 6,250 stock
    options and 1,338 restricted stock units. Each of the stock
    option awards had a value (for financial statement reporting
    purposes) equal to $165,087 on the grant date, and each of the
    restricted stock unit awards had a value (for financial
    statement reporting purposes) equal to $78,728 on the grant
    date. See footnote (2) above for the assumptions used to
    value these awards. (4) The following table presents the number of outstanding and
    unexercised option awards and the number of unvested stock
    awards (which term includes restricted stock units for purposes
    of this Proxy Statement) held by each of our Non-Employee
    Directors as of December 31, 2006. Number of Shares Subject to Number of Unvested Outstanding Option Awards Shares or Director as of 12/31/06 Units as of 12/31/06 Irwin Federman 44,500 7,588 Steven J. Gomo 25,000 23,665 Eddy W. Hartenstein 31,250 30,938 Catherine P. Lego 130,500 71,588 Michael E. Marks 108,500 39,588 Dr. James D. Meindl 76,500 7,588 Alan F. Shugart — — 11 Table of Contents Director
    Compensation Compensation for Non-Employee Directors during fiscal 2006
    generally consisted of an annual retainer, committee membership
    fees and annual share-based awards. Annual
    Retainer and Committee Membership Fees The following table sets forth the schedule of the annual
    retainer and committee membership fees for each Non-Employee
    Director in effect during fiscal 2006: Type of Fee Dollar Amount Annual Board Retainer $ 40,000 Additional Annual Fee to Chair of
    Audit Committee $ 30,000 Additional Annual Fee to Chairs of
    Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee $ 12,000 Additional Annual Fee to non-Chair
    Member of Audit Committee $ 20,000 Additional Annual Fee to non-Chair
    Member of Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance
    Committee $ 7,500 All Non-Employee Directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses they incur serving as directors. Share-Based
    Awards Under our Non-Employee Director compensation policy as currently
    in effect, a Non-Employee Director who first takes office and
    who has not been employed by the Company in the preceding twelve
    (12) months receives, at the time of his or her election or
    appointment to the Board, (i) an initial option grant to
    purchase 25,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock
    (the “Initial Option Grant”), and (ii) an initial
    restricted stock unit grant for a number of units determined by
    dividing $320,000 by the average closing price per share of
    Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the five
    (5) trading days ended on, and including, the grant date
    (the “Initial Unit Grant”). Each Non-Employee Director
    who has served in that capacity for at least six (6) months
    at the time of grant also receives an annual award consisting of
    (i) an option grant to purchase 6,250 shares of Common
    Stock (the “Annual Option Grant”), and (ii) a
    restricted stock unit grant for a number of units determined by
    dividing $80,000 by the average closing price per share of
    Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the five
    (5) trading days ended on, and including, the grant date
    (the “Annual Unit Grant”). The initial and annual
    awards described above are granted under, and are subject to,
    the Company’s 2005 Incentive Plan (the “2005
    Plan”). Initial
    and Annual Stock Option Grants. The Initial and Annual Option Grants are granted with a
    per-share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a
    share of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date. For
    these purposes, and in accordance with the terms of the 2005
    Plan and the Company’s share-based award grant practices,
    the fair market value is equal to the closing price of a share
    of the Company’s Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select
    Market on the grant date. The stock options granted to Non-Employee Directors are
    immediately exercisable. However, upon a Non-Employee
    Director’s cessation of service with the Company, any
    shares purchased upon exercise of the option that have not
    vested (as described below) are subject to repurchase by the
    Company at the lower of (i) the exercise price paid for the
    shares or (ii) the fair market value of the shares at the
    time of repurchase (as determined under the 2005 Plan). This
    type of stock option is generally referred to as an “early
    exercise” stock option because the holder is permitted to
    exercise the option prior to the time that the underlying shares
    vest. Subject to the Non-Employee Director’s continued
    service, the shares subject to the Initial Option Grant vest,
    and the Company’s repurchase right lapses, in four
    (4) substantially equal annual installments on each of the
    first through fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to
    the Non-Employee Director’s continued service, the shares
    subject to the Annual Option Grant vest, and the Company’s
    repurchase right lapses, in one (1) installment on the
    earlier of (i) first anniversary of the grant date or
    (ii) the day immediately preceding the next annual meeting
    of the Company’s stockholders following the grant date. 12 Table of Contents Once vested, each option will generally remain exercisable for
    fully vested shares of Common Stock ( i.e. , shares which
    are not subject to the Company’s repurchase right) until
    its normal expiration date. Each of the options granted to our
    Non-Employee Directors has a term of seven (7) years.
    However, vested stock options may terminate earlier in
    connection with a change in control of the Company. Shares
    subject to the option that have not vested will immediately
    terminate (or be subject to the Company’s repurchase right
    to the extent already purchased under the option) upon the
    cessation of the Non-Employee Director’s service. However,
    the shares subject to options vest, and the Company’s
    repurchase right lapses, in full if the Non-Employee
    Director’s cessation of service is as a result of the
    director’s death or permanent disability. Non-Employee
    Directors generally have twelve (12) months to exercise the
    vested portion of the option following a cessation of service. The options granted to Non-Employee Directors do not include any
    dividend or dividend equivalent rights. However, Non-Employee
    Directors are entitled to dividends with respect to shares
    purchased under an option (whether or not such shares have
    vested under the option) at the same rate as of the
    Company’s other stockholders. Initial
    and Annual Restricted Stock Unit Grants. Each restricted stock unit awarded to our Non-Employee Directors
    represents a contractual right to receive one share of the
    Company’s Common Stock if the time-based vesting
    requirements described below are satisfied. Restricted stock
    units are credited to a bookkeeping account established by the
    Company on behalf of each Non-Employee Director. Subject to the Non-Employee Director’s continued service,
    the units subject to the Initial Unit Grant vest in four
    (4) substantially equal annual installments on each of the
    first through fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to
    the Non-Employee Director’s continued service, the units
    subject to the Annual Unit Grant vest in one
    (1) installment on the earlier of (i) the first
    anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the day immediately
    preceding the next annual meeting of the Company’s
    stockholders following the grant date. Upon the cessation of the
    Non-Employee Director’s service, any unvested restricted
    stock units will generally terminate. However, restricted stock
    units granted to a Non-Employee Director vest in full if the
    Non-Employee Director’s cessation of service is as a result
    of the director’s death or permanent disability. Restricted stock units will generally be paid in an equivalent
    number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock as they
    become vested. Non-Employee Directors are not entitled to voting
    or dividend rights with respect to the restricted stock units,
    and the restricted stock units generally may not be transferred,
    except to the Company or to a beneficiary of the Non-Employee
    Director upon his or her death. Non-Employee Directors are,
    however, entitled to the following dividend equivalent rights
    with respect to the restricted stock units. If the Company pays
    a cash dividend on its Common Stock and the dividend record date
    occurs after the grant date and before all of the restricted
    stock units have either been paid or terminated, then the
    Company will credit the Non-Employee Director’s bookkeeping
    account with an amount equal to (i) the per-share cash
    dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock with respect to
    the dividend record date, multiplied by (ii) the total
    number of outstanding and unpaid restricted stock units
    (including any unvested restricted stock units) as of the
    dividend record date. These dividend equivalents will be subject
    to the same vesting, payment and other terms and conditions as
    the original restricted stock units to which they relate (except
    that the dividend equivalents may be paid in cash or such other
    form as the plan administrator may deem appropriate). The Board of Directors administers the 2005 Plan as to
    Non-Employee Director awards and has the ability to interpret
    and make all required determinations under the plan, subject to
    plan limits. This authority includes making required
    proportionate adjustments to outstanding awards to reflect any
    impact resulting from various corporate events such as
    reorganizations, mergers and stock splits. Pursuant to the terms
    of the 2005 Plan, stock options and restricted stock units
    granted to our Non-Employee Directors may vest on an accelerated
    basis in connection with a change in control of the Company. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the shares
    present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and
    entitled to vote on Proposal No. 1 is required for
    approval of Proposal No. 1. 13 Table of Contents Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 1 is in the
    Company’s best interests and in the best interests of its
    stockholders and recommends a vote FOR the election of all
    of the above nominees. PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has appointed
    Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s independent
    registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
    December 30, 2007, and is asking the Company’s
    stockholders to ratify this appointment. The affirmative vote of
    the holders of a majority of the shares present or represented
    by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on this
    Proposal No. 2 will be required to ratify the
    selection of Ernst & Young LLP. In the event the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment,
    the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will reconsider
    its appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 30, 2007. Even if this
    appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion,
    may direct the appointment of a different independent registered
    public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit
    Committee determines that such a change would be in the best
    interest of the Company and its stockholders. Ernst & Young LLP has audited the Company’s
    financial statements annually since 1991. Its representatives
    are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have the
    opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and
    will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the Ernst & Young LLP
    fees incurred by the Company for professional services rendered
    during the 2006 and 2005 fiscal years: 2006 2005 (a) Audit Fees $ 3,424,000 $ 1,546,000 (b) Audit-Related Fees 178,000 101,000 (c) Tax Fees 474,000 230,000 (d) All Other Fees 6,000 5,000 (a) Audit fees consist of professional services provided in
    connection with the integrated audit of the Company’s
    financial statements and review of the Company’s quarterly
    financial statements that include professional services provided
    in connection with the annual audit of the Company’s
    internal control over financial reporting. The fees for fiscal
    2006 include professional services provided in connection with
    the msystems and Matrix acquisitions, the convertible debt
    offering, and new and existing statutory audits of subsidiaries
    or affiliates of the Company. (b) Audit-related fees consist primarily of accounting
    consultations, services provided in connection with regulatory
    filings, technical accounting guidance and other attestation
    services. (c) For fiscal years 2006 and 2005, tax fees principally included
    tax compliance fees, including expatriate compliance services.
    Total compliance fees were $302,000 and $221,000 for 2006 and
    2005, respectively. Tax fees also include tax advice and tax
    planning fees of $172,000 and $9,000 for fiscal 2006 and 2005,
    respectively. (d) All other fees includes online research tools and other services. All of the 2006 services described above were pre-approved by
    the Audit Committee to the extent required by Section 10A
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which
    requires audit committee pre-approval of audit and non-audit
    services provided by the Company’s independent auditors. In
    accordance with Section 10A under the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934, as amended, the Audit Committee may delegate to any
    member of the 14 Table of Contents Audit Committee (referred to as the “Audit Committee
    Delegate”) the authority to pre-approve services not
    prohibited by law to be performed by the Company’s
    independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit
    Committee has appointed Catherine P. Lego as the Audit Committee
    Delegate and, as such, Ms. Lego reports any decision to
    pre-approve permissible services to the full Audit Committee at
    its next regular meeting. In addition, from time to time, the
    Audit Committee has adopted and/or revised a Pre-Approval Policy under which particular services or
    categories of services are pre-approved, subject to certain
    specified maximum dollar amounts. Such pre-approval is generally
    granted for a term of twelve (12) months from the date of
    pre-approval and automatically renews at the end of the one-year
    period unless revoked or revised by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has concluded that the provision of the
    audit-related services, tax services and other non-audit
    services identified above is compatible with the principal
    accountants’ independence. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
    present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote
    on Proposal No. 2 is required to ratify the
    appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s
    independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
    year ending December 30, 2007. Should such stockholder
    approval not be obtained, the Board of Directors will reconsider
    its appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 30, 2007. Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 2 is in the
    Company’s best interests and in the best interests of its
    stockholders and recommends a vote FOR the ratification of
    the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP to serve as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 30, 2007. PROPOSAL NO. 3 STOCKHOLDER
    PROPOSAL REGARDING PERFORMANCE-VESTING SHARES The AFL-CIO Fund, 815 Sixteenth Street, N.W.,
    Washington, D.C. 20006, a beneficial owner of
    7,600 shares of Common Stock, has notified us that it
    intends to present the following proposal at the meeting: Shareholder
    Proposal RESOLVED, that the shareholders of SanDisk Corporation
    (“SanDisk” or “Company”) urge the Board of
    Directors to adopt a policy that a significant portion of future
    equity compensation grants to senior executives shall be shares
    of stock that require the achievement of performance goals as a
    prerequisite to vesting (“performance-vesting shares”). This policy shall apply to existing employment agreements and
    equity compensation plans only if the use of performance-vesting
    shares can be legally implemented by the Company and will
    otherwise apply to the design of all future plans and agreements. Supporting
    Statement We believe that our Company’s compensation policies should
    encourage the ownership of stock by senior executives in order
    to align their interests with those of shareholders. To achieve
    this goal, we favor granting senior executives actual shares of
    stock that vest only after meeting specified performance goals.
    In our opinion, performance-vesting shares are a better form of
    equity compensation than fixed-price stock options or
    time-vesting restricted stock. Fixed-price stock option grants provide senior executives with
    incentives that may not be in the best interests of long-term
    shareholders. In our view, stock option grants promise
    executives all the benefit of share price increases with little
    of the risk of share price declines. This asymmetrical incentive
    structure can reward executives for share price volatility, a
    measure of investment risk. Stock options can also reward
    short-term decision-making because 15 Table of Contents many executives’ options can be exercised just one year
    after the grant date. For these reasons, we believe that stock
    options can create a strong incentive to manipulate a
    company’s stock price through questionable or even
    fraudulent accounting. Questions have been raised regarding the use of stock options.
    Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan blamed
    poorly-structured options for the ‘infectious greed’
    of the 1990s because “they failed to properly align the
    long-term interests of shareholders and managers.” A
    July 15, 2006 article in The Wall Street Journal noted that even though our Company did not regularly grant
    stock options in September, two of SanDisk’s top executives
    received option grants shortly after the 9/11 terrorist attacks
    after the price of the Company stock had gone down 30.9% from
    the September 10 closing price. Similarly, we oppose granting executives time-vesting restricted
    stock that does not include any performance requirements. In our
    view, time-vesting restricted stock rewards tenure, not
    performance. Instead, we believe vesting requirements should be
    tailored to measure each individual executive’s performance
    through disclosed benchmarks, in addition to the Company’s
    share price. To align their incentives with those of long-term
    shareholders, we also believe that senior executives should be
    required to hold a significant portion of these
    performance-vesting shares for as long as they remain executives
    of the Company. Former SEC Chairman Richard Breeden has stated that “there
    is not a strong reason for granting restricted stock rather than
    simply paying cash unless there are performance hurdles to
    vesting.” SanDisk’s
    Statement in Opposition to Proposal No. 3 The Board of Directors believes this proposal does not serve the
    best interests of SanDisk or its stockholders and recommends a
    vote AGAINST it. Executive compensation at SanDisk is overseen by the Board of
    Directors through the Compensation Committee. The Compensation
    Committee consists exclusively of independent directors who make
    decisions they believe are in the best interests of the Company
    and our stockholders. Our Board and Compensation Committee
    support the concept of performance-based compensation as an
    important component of executive compensation. As discussed in
    this Proxy Statement, the Company’s current executive
    compensation programs are intended to achieve three fundamental
    objectives: (1) attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives; (2) hold executives accountable for
    performance; and (3) align executives’ interests with
    the interests of our stockholders. In particular, we believe
    that the incentive programs for our senior executives should be
    determined within a framework based on the achievement of
    designated financial and other targets. We believe that we have already implemented a flexible overall
    compensation program for senior executives which links
    compensation to performance. Under our cash bonus program
    approved by our stockholders at our 2006 Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders, our senior executives receive cash bonuses if the
    Company achieves certain pre-established company performance
    goals based on specific criteria set forth in our 2005 Incentive
    Plan. The Compensation Committee selects the applicable criteria
    which under our 2005 Incentive Plan may include return on total
    stockholder equity, earnings per share, net income or operating
    income (before or after certain delineated charges), EBITDA,
    cost reduction goals and other specified performance goals.
    Since the adoption of this performance-based bonus program, we
    have disclosed the performance-based criteria in effect for that
    year for our senior executives. We also use stock option and
    restricted stock unit grants to align our executives’
    long-term interests with those of our stockholders, to help hold
    executives accountable for performance and to help attract,
    retain and motivate executives. These grants typically vest over
    a four year period which further aligns the long-term interests
    of our senior executives with those of our stockholders. These
    elements of our current executive compensation program are
    designed to reward annual performance, long-term performance,
    and the creation of stockholder value. We believe that adopting
    a policy that requires a significant portion of future equity
    compensation grants to senior executives to automatically be
    performance-vesting restricted stock is unnecessary in light of
    our current compensation programs and would put us at a
    competitive disadvantage by severely restricting the
    Compensation Committee’s discretion to select from among
    those compensation vehicles that best compensate our senior
    executives in a manner that is designed to enable us to achieve
    our goals of long-term success and increased stockholder value. 16 Table of Contents We also believe that time-vesting stock options and restricted
    stock units are forms of incentive compensation that are
    inherently performance-based, since their eventual value to the
    recipient is directly linked to our stock price, which is
    largely driven by company performance. The Company’s 2005
    Incentive Plan, which was originally approved by stockholders at
    the 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and which was amended
    with the approval of our stockholders at our 2006 Annual Meeting
    of Stockholders to increase the number of shares of Common Stock
    reserved for issuance thereunder, provides us additional
    flexibility in making awards to senior executives by allowing
    the use of not only time and performance-vesting stock options,
    restricted stock and restricted stock units, but also stock
    appreciation rights. Our Compensation Committee has used a mix
    of both stock options and restricted stock units as long-term
    equity incentives for our senior executives when it deemed such
    rewards to be in the best interests of the Company and its
    stockholders. We acknowledge that performance-vesting awards have become more
    popular in recent years and that these types of awards can be
    useful in certain circumstances. In fiscal 2007 and beyond, the
    Compensation Committee may consider these types of equity
    incentive tools among the various alternatives for long-term
    equity incentive compensation. However, we believe that it is in
    the best interests of our stockholders to allow the Compensation
    Committee the flexibility and discretion to use and introduce
    all available compensation and equity incentive tools as
    appropriate, based on the circumstances and information
    available at the time. This stockholder proposal would unduly
    limit the Compensation Committee’s flexibility by requiring
    that a significant portion of equity compensation be in one
    particular form. Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors For the reasons set forth above, the Board believes that
    Proposal No. 3 is not in the Company’s best
    interests or the best interests of its stockholders and
    recommends a vote AGAINST Proposal No. 3. 17 Table of Contents SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
    MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
    ownership of the Company’s Common Stock as of March 1,
    2007 by (i) all persons known by the Company, based solely
    on inspection of 13G filings made with the SEC, to be beneficial
    owners of five percent (5%) or more (as set forth in the
    Beneficial Ownership Table included below) of its outstanding
    Common Stock, (ii) each Director of the Company,
    (iii) the Named Executive Officers (as defined below under
    “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”), and
    (iv) all current executive officers and Directors of the
    Company as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the principal
    address of each of the stockholders below is c/o SanDisk
    Corporation, 601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. Unless otherwise indicated and pursuant to applicable community
    property laws, the persons named in the following table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
    Common Stock. The number of shares beneficially owned includes
    Common Stock of which such individual has the right to acquire
    beneficial ownership either currently or within 60 days
    after March 1, 2007, including, but not limited to, upon
    the exercise of a stock option. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon
    227,972,422 shares of Common Stock outstanding on
    March 1, 2007. For each individual, this percentage
    includes Common Stock of which such individual has the right to
    acquire beneficial ownership either currently or within
    60 days after March 1, 2007, including, but not
    limited to, upon the exercise of a stock option; however, such
    Common Stock will not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of
    computing the percentage owned by any other individual. Such
    calculation is required by General Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Number of Percentage Owned Name or Group of Beneficial Owners Shares (%) Entities Controlled by Capital
    Group International, Inc.(1) 32,903,820 14.43 Entities Controlled by ClearBridge
    Advisors, LLC(2) 15,881,535 6.97 Delaware Management Holdings(3) 12,506,143 5.49 Judy Bruner(4) 313,032 * Yoram Cedar(5) 405,576 * Nelson Chan(6) 223,205 * Irwin Federman(7) 123,844 * Steven J. Gomo(8) 26,639 * Dr. Eli Harari(9) 5,156,045 2.26 Eddy W. Hartenstein(10) 32,784 * Catherine P. Lego(11) 399,548 * Michael E. Marks(12) 140,500 * Sanjay Mehrotra(13) 658,788 * Dr. James D. Meindl(14) 127,089 * Dr. Randhir Thakur(15) 89,270 * All directors and current
    executive officers as a group (11 persons)(16) 7,473,115 3.28 * Less than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock. (1) The principal address of Capital Group International, Inc.
    (“CGII”) is 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles,
    California 90025. Pursuant to a joint Schedule 13G/A filed
    with the SEC on February 12, 2007 by and on behalf of CGII,
    Capital Guardian Trust Company (“CGTC”) and Capital
    International Limited (“CIL”), CGII reported that it
    had sole voting power over 27,351,810 shares of Common
    Stock and sole dispositive power over 32,903,820 shares of
    Common Stock, CGTC reported that it had sole voting power over
    10,243,710 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive
    power over 12,905,750 shares of Common 18 Table of Contents Stock, and CIL reported that it had sole voting power over
    9,825,200 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power
    over 10,850,580 shares of Common Stock. Each of the above
    entities has disclaimed beneficial ownership of such shares of
    Common Stock pursuant to Rule 13d-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (2) The principal address of ClearBridge Advisors, LLC
    (“CA”) is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
    Pursuant to a joint Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC
    February 8, 2007 by and on behalf of CA, ClearBridge Asset
    Management Inc. (“CAM”) and Smith Barney Fund
    Management LLC (“SBFM”), CA reported that it had
    shared voting power over 13,353,997 shares of Common Stock
    and shared dispositive power over 14,827,963 shares of
    Common Stock, CAM reported that it had shared voting power over
    33,691 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive power
    over 819,981 shares of Common Stock, and SBFM reported that
    it had shared voting and dispositive power over
    233,591 shares of Common Stock. (3) The principal address of Delaware Management Holdings
    (“DMH”) is 2005 Market Street, Philadelphia,
    Pennsylvania 19103. Pursuant to a joint Schedule 13G filed
    with the SEC on February 7, 2007 by and on behalf of DMH
    and Delaware Management Business Trust (“DMBT”), DMH
    reported that it had sole voting power over
    12,449,765 shares of Common Stock, shared voting power over
    218 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over
    12,506,143 shares of Common Stock, and DMBT reported that
    it had sole voting power over 12,449,765 shares of Common
    Stock, shared voting power over 218 shares of Common Stock
    and sole dispositive power over 12,506,143 shares of Common
    Stock. (4) Comprised of 13,346 shares held as community property in
    the name of Ms. Bruner and her spouse. Also includes
    299,686 shares subject to outstanding option granted to
    Ms. Bruner, which were exercisable on March 1, 2007 or
    within 60 days after that date. Excludes 37,500 restricted
    stock units that will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within
    60 days after that date. (5) Includes 12,969 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Cedar and his spouse. Also includes
    389,499 shares subject to outstanding options granted to
    Mr. Cedar, which were exercisable on March 1, 2007 or
    within 60 days after that date. Excludes 18,750 restricted
    stock units that will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within
    60 days after that date. (6) Includes 208,750 shares subject to outstanding options
    owned by Mr. Chan, which were exercisable on March 1,
    2007 or within 60 days after that date. Also includes
    318 shares owned by Mr. Chan’s spouse and
    1,571 shares subject to outstanding options granted to
    Mr. Chan’s spouse, which were exercisable on
    March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after that date.
    Mr. Chan disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities
    held by his spouse. (7) Includes 44,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Federman, but some of the shares
    subject to those options are currently unvested and would, if
    purchased, be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
    lapses over time. Excludes 1,338 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days of
    that date. (8) Includes 25,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Gomo, but some of the shares subject
    to those options are currently unvested and would, if purchased,
    be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that lapses over
    time. Excludes 4,915 shares restricted stock units that
    will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after
    that date. (9) Includes 2,850,322 shares held in the name of a trust for
    the benefit of Dr. Harari and his spouse. Also includes
    2,188,090 shares subject to outstanding options granted to
    Dr. Harari, which were exercisable on March 1, 2007,
    or within 60 days after that date. Also includes
    100,404 shares held in the name of a trust for the benefit
    of his children. Excludes 75,000 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after
    that date. (10) Includes 31,250 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Hartenstein, but some of the shares
    subject to those options are currently unvested and would, if
    purchased, be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
    lapses over time. Excludes 5,938 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after
    that date. (11) Includes 263,580 shares held in the name of a trust of
    which Ms. Lego is co-trustee. Also includes
    130,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Ms. Lego, but some of the shares 19 Table of Contents subject to those options are currently unvested and would, if
    purchased, be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
    lapses over time. Excludes 1,338 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after
    that date. (12) Includes 2,500 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Marks and his spouse, 15,000 shares
    held by a limited liability company controlled by
    Mr. Marks, 6,000 shares held in the name of a trust
    for the benefit of his son and 6,000 shares held in the
    name of a trust for the benefit of his daughter. Also includes
    108,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Mr. Marks, but some of the shares subject to
    those options would, if exercised, be subject to a repurchase
    right of the Company that lapses over time. Excludes 1,338
    restricted stock units that will not vest on March 1, 2007
    or within 60 days after that date. (13) Includes 29,604 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Mehrotra and his spouse. Also includes
    629,184 shares subject to outstanding options granted to
    Mr. Mehrotra, which were exercisable on March 1, 2007
    or within 60 days after that date. Excludes 56,250
    restricted stock units that will not vest on March 1, 2007
    or within 60 days after that date. (14) Comprised of 50,589 shares held as community property in
    the name of Dr. Meindl and his spouse and
    76,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Dr. Meindl, but some of the shares subject to
    those options are currently unvested and would, if purchased, be
    subject to a repurchase right of the Company that lapses over
    time. Excludes 1,338 restricted stock units that will not vest
    on March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after that date. (15) Includes 75,000 shares subject to outstanding options
    granted to Mr. Thakur, which were exercisable on
    March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after that date.
    Excludes 37,500 restricted stock units that will not vest on
    March 1, 2007 or within 60 days after that date. (16) Includes shares subject to options exercisable within
    60 days after March 1, 2007, including those
    identified in notes (4), (5), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12),
    (13), (14) and (15). COMPLIANCE
    WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
    1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended, requires the Company’s Directors, executive
    officers, and persons who own more than ten percent (10%) of a
    registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to
    file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in
    ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the
    Company with the SEC. Officers, Directors and stockholders
    holding more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding capital
    stock of the Company are required by SEC regulations to furnish
    the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
    file. Based upon (i) the copies of Section 16(a) reports
    which the Company received from such persons for their 2006
    fiscal year transactions in the Common Stock and their Common
    Stock holdings, and (ii) the written representations
    received from one or more of such persons that no annual
    Form 5 reports were required to be filed by them for the
    2006 fiscal year, the Company believes that all executive
    officers, stockholders holding more than 10% of the outstanding
    capital stock of the Company and Board members complied with all
    their reporting requirements under Section 16(a) for such
    fiscal year except that a late Form 4 report was filed for
    Dr. Randhir Thakur on March 13, 2007 reporting a sales
    transaction that occurred on September 23, 2006. 20 Table of Contents Equity
    Compensation Information for Plans or Individual Arrangements
    with Employees and Non-Employees The following table provides information as of March 1,
    2007 with respect to the shares of the Company’s Common
    Stock that may be issued under the Company’s existing
    equity compensation plans. Other than as described in footnotes
    (4) and (6) to the following table, there are no
    assumed plans under which any options to acquire such shares or
    other equity-based awards may be granted. (C) Number of (A) Securities Remaining Number of Available for Securities to Future Issuance be Issued (B) Under Equity Upon Exercise Weighted Average Compensation Plans of Outstanding Exercise Price (Excluding Securities Options and of Outstanding Reflected in Plan Category Rights Options(1) Column A) Equity Compensation Plans
    Approved by Stockholders(2) 20,857,184 (3)(4)(5)(6)(7) $ 32.59 17,978,767 (8) Equity Compensation Plans Not
    Approved by Stockholders N/A N/A N/A Total 20,857,184 $ 32.59 17,978,767 (1) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes
    restricted stock units. (2) Consists solely of the 2005 Incentive Plan (the “2005
    Plan”), including options incorporated from predecessor
    plans, the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the 2005
    International Employee Stock Purchase Plan (together with the
    2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the “Purchase
    Plans”). (3) Excludes purchase rights accruing under the Company’s
    Purchase Plans, which have a combined stockholder-approved
    reserve of 10,000,000 shares. Under the Purchase Plans,
    each eligible employee may purchase up to 1,500 shares of
    Common Stock at the end of each six-month offering period (the
    last U.S. business day in January and July each year) at a
    purchase price per share equal to 85% of the lower of
    (i) the closing selling price per share of Common Stock on
    the employee’s entry date into that six-month offering
    period or (ii) the closing selling price per share on the
    purchase date. (4) Excludes 135,594 shares subject to outstanding options with
    a weighted average exercise price of $6.92 and a weighted
    average estimated remaining life of 7.30 years and
    65,321 shares subject to outstanding restricted stock units
    under equity compensation plans or arrangements assumed by the
    Company in connection with its acquisition of Matrix
    Semiconductor, Inc., which had originally granted those options
    and restricted stock units. (5) Includes 7,610,266 shares subject to options and
    426,400 shares subject to restricted stock units
    outstanding under the 2005 Plan. Also includes
    12,820,518 shares subject to outstanding options under
    predecessor plans. (6) Excludes 4,706,149 shares subject to outstanding options
    and Stock Appreciation Rights with a weighted average exercise
    price of $33.76 and a weighted average estimated remaining life
    of 8.26 years under equity compensation plans or
    arrangements assumed by the Company in connection with its
    acquisition of msystems Ltd., which had originally granted those
    options and Stock Appreciation Rights. (7) Weighted average estimated remaining life of the outstanding
    options is 6.10 years. (8) Consists of shares available for future issuance under the 2005
    Plan and the Purchase Plans. As of March 1, 2007,
    13,390,096 shares of Common Stock were available for
    issuance under the 2005 Plan and 4,588,671 shares of Common
    Stock were available for issuance under the combined share
    reserve for the Purchase Plans. 21 Table of Contents FORM 10-K The Company filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on February 28, 2007. Stockholders may obtain
    a copy of this report, without charge, by writing to Investor
    Relations at the Company’s principal executive offices
    located at 601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035.
    The Annual Report on Form 10-K is also available on the Company’s website at
    www.sandisk.com. AUDIT
    COMMITTEE REPORT The information contained in this report shall not be deemed
    to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed”
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such
    information be incorporated by reference into any future filings
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the
    liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
    specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed
    under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The following is the report of the Audit Committee with respect
    to the Company’s audited financial statements for the
    fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 included in the
    Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for that year. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited
    financial statements with management of the Company. The Audit Committee has discussed with the Company’s
    independent registered accounting firm, Ernst & Young
    LLP, the matters required to be discussed by SAS 61
    (“Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU
    Section 380”), as amended, which include, among other
    items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the
    Company’s financial statements. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the
    letter from Ernst & Young LLP required by Independence
    Standards Board Standard No. 1 (“Independence
    Discussions with Audit Committees”), as amended, and has
    discussed with Ernst & Young LLP the independence of
    Ernst & Young LLP from the Company. Based on the review and discussions referred to above in this
    report, the Audit Committee recommended to the Company’s
    Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be
    included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 for filing with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission. Submitted by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors Catherine P. Lego (Chair) Irwin Federman Steven J. Gomo COMPENSATION
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This section contains a discussion of the material elements of
    compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the principal
    executive and principal financial officers of the Company, our
    three other most highly compensated individuals who were serving
    as executive officers as of December 31, 2006, and Nelson
    Chan, who would have been among our three other most highly
    compensated individuals but for the fact that he was not serving
    as an executive officer as of December 31, 2006. These
    individuals are referred to as the “Named Executive
    Officers” in this Proxy Statement. The Company’s current executive compensation programs are
    determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of the
    Board. None of the Named Executive Officers is a member of the
    Compensation Committee. As contemplated by the Charter of the
    Compensation Committee, the Company’s Chief Executive
    Officer recommends to the Compensation Committee the base
    salary, annual bonus and long-term compensation levels for the
    other 22 Table of Contents Named Executive Officers. Our President and Chief Operating
    Officer assists the Chief Executive Officer in reviewing
    performance and formulating recommendations to the Compensation
    Committee. Our other Named Executive Officers, including our
    Chief Financial Officer, provide financial and other information
    to the Compensation Committee to assist in determining
    appropriate compensation levels. Our other executive officers,
    including the other Named Executive Officers, do not currently
    have any role in determining or recommending the form or amount
    of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers and our
    other senior executive officers. Executive
    Compensation Program Objectives and Overview The Company’s current executive compensation programs are
    intended to achieve three fundamental objectives:
    (1) attract, retain and motivate qualified executives;
    (2) hold executives accountable for performance; and
    (3) align executives’ interests with the interests of
    our stockholders. In structuring our current executive
    compensation programs, we are guided by the following basic
    philosophies: • Competition. The Company should provide
    competitive compensation opportunities so that we can attract,
    retain and motivate qualified executives. • Alignment with Stockholder Interests. A
    substantial portion of compensation should be contingent on the
    Company’s performance. As an executive officer’s level
    of responsibility increases, a greater portion of the
    officer’s total compensation should be dependent on the
    Company’s performance and stock price appreciation. • Pay for Performance. A substantial portion of
    compensation should be tied to individual performance. As described in more detail below, the material elements of our
    current executive compensation program for Named Executive
    Officers include a base salary, an annual cash incentive
    opportunity, a long-term share-based incentive opportunity,
    401(k) retirement benefits and severance protection for certain
    actual or constructive terminations of the Named Executive
    Officers’ employment. We believe that each element of our executive compensation
    program helps us to achieve one or more of our compensation
    objectives. The table below lists each material element of our
    executive compensation program and the compensation objective or
    objectives that it is designed to achieve. Compensation Element Compensation Objectives Designed to be Achieved Base Salary • Attract, retain
    and motivate qualified executives Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity • Hold executives
    accountable for performance • Align
    executives’ interests with those of stockholders • Attract, retain
    and motivate qualified executives Long-Term Share-Based Incentives • Align
    executives’ interests with those of stockholders • Hold executives
    accountable for performance • Attract, retain
    and motivate qualified executives 401(k) Retirement Benefits • Attract, retain
    and motivate qualified executives Severance and Other Benefits Upon
    Termination of Employment • Attract, retain
    and motivate qualified executives As illustrated by the table above, base salaries, 401(k)
    retirement benefits and severance and other termination benefits
    are all primarily intended to attract, retain and motivate
    qualified executives. These are the elements of our current
    executive compensation program where the value of the benefit in
    any given year is generally not variable. We believe that in
    order to attract, retain and motivate top-caliber executives, we
    need to provide executives with predictable benefit amounts that
    reward the executive’s continued service. Some of the
    elements, such as base salaries, are generally paid out on a
    short-term or current basis. The other elements are generally
    paid out on a longer-term basis, such as upon retirement or
    other termination of employment. We believe that this mix of
    longer- 23 Table of Contents term and short-term elements allows us to achieve our dual goals
    of attracting and retaining executives (with the longer-term
    benefits geared toward retention and the short-term awards
    focused on recruitment). Our annual cash incentive opportunity is primarily intended to
    hold Named Executive Officers accountable for performance,
    although we also believe it aligns Named Executive
    Officers’ interests with those of our stockholders and
    helps us attract, retain and motivate executives. Our long-term
    equity incentives are primarily intended to align Named
    Executive Officers’ interests with those of our
    stockholders, although we also believe they help hold executives
    accountable for performance and help us attract, retain and
    motivate executives. These are the elements of our current
    executive compensation program that are designed to reward
    performance and the creation of stockholder value, and therefore
    the value of these benefits is dependent on performance. Each
    Named Executive Officer’s annual bonus opportunity is paid
    out on an annual short-term basis and is designed to reward
    performance for that period. Long-term equity incentives are
    generally paid out or earned on a longer-term basis and are
    designed to reward performance over one or more years. The individual compensation elements are intended to create a
    total compensation package for each Named Executive Officer that
    we believe achieves our compensation objectives and provides
    competitive compensation opportunities. From time to time,
    management has retained Buck Consultants, an independent
    compensation consulting firm, to review and identify our
    appropriate peer group companies, and to obtain and evaluate
    current executive compensation data for these companies. We
    selected the following companies as our peer group companies in
    fiscal 2006: Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Apple Inc.; Applied
    Materials, Inc.; Broadcom Corp.; Cisco Systems, Inc.; Cypress
    Semiconductor Corporation; Dell Inc.; Google Inc.;
    Hewlett-Packard Company; Intel Corporation; Juniper Networks,
    Inc.; Logitech International SA; Marvell Technology Group Ltd.;
    NVIDIA Corp.; Palm, Inc.; Seagate Technology; Xilinx, Inc.;
    Yahoo! Inc.; Plantronics, Inc.; and Creative Labs, Inc. We
    believe that these peer group companies, which were selected
    from within and outside the Company’s industry, are
    comparable in size and growth pattern with the Company and
    compete with the Company for executive talent. This peer group
    was expanded to 20 companies compared to the
    16 companies used last year. Although the peer group
    differs from the S&P Semiconductor Company Stock Index,
    which the Company has selected as the industry index for
    purposes of the stock performance graph appearing later in this
    Proxy Statement, we believe these peer group companies provide
    relevant comparative compensation data for the Company.
    Consistent with our compensation philosophies described above,
    our goal is to provide each Named Executive Officer with a
    current executive compensation program that is competitive in
    light of the compensation paid to comparable executives at our
    peer group companies. To that end, we generally target base
    salaries and long-term incentives at approximately the
    50th percentile within our peer group companies. We
    generally target total cash compensation at approximately the
    60th percentile within our peer group companies; however,
    we have the ability to, and do, exercise discretion to set
    compensation levels that are above or below these benchmarks. As
    indicated in the Charter of the Compensation Committee, in
    determining the appropriate levels of compensation to be paid to
    Named Executive Officers, we may consider amounts realized from
    prior compensation. Current
    Executive Compensation Program Elements Base
    Salaries None of our Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement
    or other contractual right to receive a fixed base salary. The
    Compensation Committee generally reviews the base salaries for
    each Named Executive Officer in the first quarter of each year.
    In determining the appropriate fiscal 2006 base salary for our
    Named Executive Officers, we considered the base salary levels
    in effect for comparable executives at our peer group companies
    (based on their published 2005 fiscal year data), the experience
    and personal performance of the officer and internal
    comparability considerations. The weight given to each of these
    factors differed from individual to individual, as the
    Compensation Committee deemed appropriate. Based on our review
    in fiscal 2006, we determined that the appropriate base salary
    for each Named Executive Officer for fiscal 2006 was the amount
    reported for such officer in column (c) of the Summary
    Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 below. In line with
    our target benchmark, the fiscal 2006 compensation level for
    Named Executive Officers ranged from the 50th percentile to
    the 60th percentile of the base salary levels in effect for
    comparable executives at our peer group companies (based on
    their published 2005 fiscal year data). In connection with the
    Company’s overall cost reduction program, 24 Table of Contents the Compensation Committee approved a base salary reduction for
    Named Executive Officers of 15% (20% for the Chief Executive
    Officer), effective March 1, 2007. Annual
    Cash Incentive Award None of our Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement
    or other contractual right to a fixed actual or target bonus for
    any given year. Historically, the Company utilized a formula to
    set aside pre-tax net income to fund a discretionary bonus pool.
    Each executive officer’s participation in that bonus pool
    was based upon a target bonus, which generally ranged from 75%
    to 100% of the officer’s base salary. However, actual
    bonuses paid from the pool were calculated based upon the
    Company’s achievement of pre-tax net income and revenue
    growth targets under the Company’s Operating Plan for the
    fiscal year and upon the officer’s individual performance.
    The Compensation Committee also retained discretion to recommend
    an additional discretionary bonus in recognition of special
    contributions during the fiscal year. Cash bonuses paid to the
    Company’s executive officers generally were not
    “performance-based” for purposes of
    Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and were
    therefore subject to the deductibility limitations of
    Section 162(m), as explained in more detail below under
    “Section 162(m) Policy.” In fiscal 2006, the Company amended the 2005 Plan to provide for
    the grant of cash incentive awards intended to qualify as
    performance-based under Section 162(m) in lieu of
    discretionary cash bonuses to Named Executive Officers beginning
    in fiscal 2006. The Company continued to utilize a bonus formula
    to fund a bonus pool for fiscal 2006; however, the amount of the
    pool allocated to Named Executive Officers was determined under
    the cash incentive awards. The remaining portion of the bonus
    pool was allocated among other employees in generally the same
    manner as in years prior to fiscal 2006. The Named Executive Officers’ cash incentive award for
    fiscal 2006 contained a target incentive amount, expressed as a
    percentage of base salary, which was approved by the
    Compensation Committee upon the recommendation of the Chief
    Executive Officer. The percentage target bonus for each Named
    Executive Officer was generally determined by reference to
    comparable bonus opportunities at our peer group companies,
    internal comparability with percentage targets of other
    executives and the executive’s level of responsibility,
    experience and knowledge. The target incentive amounts generally
    increase as an executive’s responsibilities increase,
    reflecting our compensation philosophy that, as an executive
    officer’s level of responsibility increases, a greater
    portion of that officer’s total compensation should be
    dependent on the Company’s performance. For fiscal 2006,
    Dr. Harari’s target bonus was 100% of base salary,
    Mr. Mehrotra’s target bonus was 85% of base salary and
    the remaining Named Executive Officers’ respective target
    bonuses were 75% of their respective base salaries. The performance goals for fiscal 2006 under the cash incentive
    awards were after-tax net income and revenue growth relative to
    the Company’s Operating Plan (excluding stock compensation
    and acquisition- related charges), reflecting the Compensation
    Committee’s belief that net income and revenue growth are
    the financial metrics that most closely correlate to growth in
    stockholder value and are straightforward to administer and
    communicate. In addition to establishing target incentive
    amounts for Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee
    approved a matrix used to calculate a multiplier of the target
    incentive amount based on the Company’s achievement of the
    two performance goals. The multiplier ranged from a minimum of
    0% of target for performance below a threshold level to a
    maximum of 375% of target for exceptional performance. Based on
    the Company’s achievement of the performance goals in
    fiscal 2006 and the bonus matrix, the multiplier for fiscal 2006
    was 205% of target. Under the terms of the cash incentive
    awards, the Compensation Committee may exercise discretion to
    reduce (but not increase) the amount of the bonus otherwise
    payable to a Named Executive Officer based on the formula
    described above. For fiscal 2006, the Compensation Committee
    exercised its discretion to pay bonuses at a rate less than the
    maximum multiplier provided for under the bonus matrix based on
    the Company’s 2006 fiscal performance. Specifically, for
    fiscal 2006, the Compensation Committee approved bonuses at 150%
    of target (as opposed to 205%) for the Chief Executive Officer,
    President and Chief Financial Officer, and approved bonuses at
    138% of target (as opposed to 205%) for the other Named
    Executive Officers employed by the Company at fiscal year-end.
    In exercising this discretion with respect to Named Executive
    Officers, the Compensation Committee generally considers a
    variety of factors, including whether a larger portion of the
    bonus pool should be allocated to other employees, the Named
    Executive Officer’s position and the Named Executive
    Officer’s individual performance for the year. No specific
    weightings were assigned to these factors, and the assessment
    was more subjective than 25 Table of Contents formulaic. These discretionary adjustments represented the means
    by which individual performance was factored into the incentive
    payout amount, consistent with our philosophy that a substantial
    portion of compensation should be tied to Company and individual
    performance. In February 2007, the Compensation Committee reviewed the
    Company’s performance with respect to after-tax net income
    and revenue growth, certified the level of performance achieved
    and approved incentive payouts under the cash incentive awards
    based on that review. The amount of the payout approved by the
    Compensation Committee under each Named Executive Officer’s
    cash incentive awards for fiscal 2006 is presented in column
    (g) of the Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal
    2006 below. The Compensation Committee also approved increases
    to the fiscal 2007 individual bonus targets for Dr. Harari
    (from 100% to 125%), Mr. Mehrotra (from 85% to 95%) and
    Ms. Bruner (from 75% to 85%). Long-Term
    Share-Based Incentive Awards The Company’s policy is that the Named Executive
    Officers’ long-term compensation should be directly linked
    to the value provided to our stockholders. Therefore, 100% of
    the Named Executive Officers’ long-term compensation is
    currently awarded in the form of share-based instruments that
    are in or valued by reference to our Common Stock. Prior to
    fiscal 2006, the Company historically made annual equity
    incentive grants solely in the form of stock options. Commencing
    in fiscal 2006, the annual awards were granted in the form of
    stock options and restricted stock units. The number of shares
    of the Company’s Common Stock subject to each annual award
    is intended to create a meaningful opportunity for stock
    ownership in light of the Named Executive Officer’s current
    position with the Company, the size of comparable awards to
    comparable executives at our peer group companies, the
    individual’s potential for increased responsibility and
    promotion over the award term, and the individual’s
    personal performance in recent periods. The Compensation
    Committee also takes into account the number of unvested equity
    awards held by the Named Executive Officer in order to maintain
    an appropriate level of equity incentive for that individual.
    However, the Compensation Committee does not adhere to any
    specific guidelines as to the relative equity award holdings of
    the Company’s Named Executive Officers. Stock Options. The Company makes a portion of
    its long-term incentive awards to Named Executive Officers in
    the form of stock options with an exercise price that is equal
    to the fair market value of the Company’s Common Stock on
    the grant date. Thus, the Named Executive Officers will only
    realize value on their stock options if our stockholders realize
    value on their shares. The stock options also function as a
    retention incentive for our executives as they vest over a four
    (4) year period following the grant date. In fiscal 2006,
    the Compensation Committee granted stock options to each of our
    Named Executive Officers (other than Dr. Thakur who was not
    eligible for a grant at the time the grants were made). The
    material terms of these options are described below under
    “Grants of Plan-Based Awards.” Restricted Stock Units. Commencing in fiscal
    2006, the Company makes a portion of its long-term incentive
    grants to Named Executive Officers in the form of restricted
    stock units. A restricted stock unit represents a contractual
    right to receive one share of the Company’s Common Stock if
    the applicable vesting requirements are satisfied. The Company
    has determined that it is advisable to grant restricted stock
    units in addition to stock options (and in lieu of larger stock
    option grants) in order to minimize stock expense to the Company
    and dilution. The restricted stock units also function as a
    retention incentive as they vest over four (4) years
    following the grant date. In fiscal 2006, the Compensation
    Committee granted restricted stock units to each of our Named
    Executive Officers (other than Dr. Thakur who was not
    eligible for a grant at the time the grants were made). The
    material terms of the unit awards are described below under
    “Grants of Plan-Based Awards.” 401(k)
    Retirement Benefits The Company provides retirement benefits to the Named Executive
    Officers under the terms of its tax-qualified 401(k) plan. In
    fiscal 2006, the Company made a discretionary matching
    contribution on behalf of each participant equal to one-half of
    the first 6% of compensation contributed to the plan by the
    participant. These Company contributions function as a retention
    incentive as they vest ratably over the first four
    (4) years of service with the Company (as determined under
    the plan). The Named Executive Officers participate in the plan
    on 26 Table of Contents substantially the same terms as our other participating
    employees. The Company does not maintain any deferred
    compensation, defined benefit or supplemental retirement plans
    for its Named Executive Officers. Severance
    and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment or Change in
    Control In order to achieve our compensation objective of attracting,
    retaining and motivating qualified executives, we believe that
    we need to provide our Named Executive Officers with severance
    protections that are consistent with the severance protections
    offered by our peer group companies. For Named Executive
    Officers, our philosophy is that severance should only be
    payable upon certain terminations of employment in connection
    with a change in control of the Company. We believe that the
    occurrence, or potential occurrence, of a change in control
    transaction will create uncertainty regarding the continued
    employment of Named Executive Officers. This uncertainty results
    from the fact that many change in control transactions result in
    significant organizational changes, particularly at the senior
    executive level. In order to encourage the Named Executive
    Officers to remain employed with the Company during an important
    time when their prospects for continued employment following the
    transaction are often uncertain, we provide Named Executive
    Officers (other than Dr. Thakur, who is not a party to a
    change in control agreement) with severance benefits pursuant to
    a change in control benefits agreement if their employment is
    terminated by us without cause or by the executive for good
    reason within twelve (12) months following a change in
    control. We believe that a protected period of twelve
    (12) months following a change in control is in line with
    the severance protections provided to comparable executives at
    our peer group companies. We also believe that these Named
    Executive Officers should receive their change in control
    severance benefits if their employment is constructively
    terminated in connection with a change in control. Given that
    none of the Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement
    that provides for a fixed position or duties, or for a fixed
    base salary or actual or target annual bonus, absent some form
    of constructive termination severance trigger, potential
    acquirors could constructively terminate a Named Executive
    Officer’s employment and avoid paying severance. For
    example, following a change in control, an acquiror could
    materially demote a Named Executive Officer, reduce
    significantly his or her salary and/or eliminate his or her annual bonus opportunity to force the Named
    Executive Officer to terminate his or her own employment and
    thereby avoid paying severance. Because we believe that
    constructive terminations in connection with a change in control
    are conceptually the same as actual terminations, and because we
    believe that acquirors would otherwise have an incentive to
    constructively terminate Named Executive Officers to avoid
    paying severance, the change in control agreements we have
    entered into with certain of our Named Executive Officers permit
    the Named Executive Officers to terminate their employment in
    connection with a change in control for certain “good
    reasons” that we believe result in the constructive
    termination of the Named Executive Officers’ employment. In
    the event the employment of a Named Executive Officer is
    terminated under the circumstances described above, we believe
    that providing these Named Executive Officers with a change in
    control agreement with cash severance benefits based on one
    (1) times (two (2) times for the Chief Executive
    Officer) salary and bonus levels is consistent with our peer
    group companies and provides them with financial security during
    a period of time when they are likely to be unemployed and
    seeking new employment. In the event that a Named Executive Officer becomes entitled to
    severance under the principles described above, in addition to
    cash severance benefits, we believe that it is also appropriate
    to provide Named Executive Officers with other severance
    protections, such as (1) continued medical insurance
    coverage for twenty-four (24) months following termination;
    (2) accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards (with
    accelerated options to remain exercisable for twelve
    (12) months following termination, subject to the maximum
    term of the option); and (3) executive outplacement
    benefits for twelve (12) months following termination
    (including resume assistance, career evaluation and assessment,
    individual career counseling, financial counseling, access to
    one or more on-line employment databases, private office and
    office support). Similar to cash severance benefits, we believe
    these other severance benefits are consistent with the severance
    arrangements of our peer group companies and provide the Named
    Executive Officers with financial and personal security during a
    period of time when they are likely to be unemployed. As part of their severance benefits under a change in control
    agreement, Named Executive Officers are also reimbursed for the
    full amount of any excise taxes imposed on their severance
    payments and any other payments under Section 4999 of the
    Internal Revenue Code. We provide the Named Executive Officers
    with a “gross-up” for any parachute payment excise taxes that may be imposed
    because we have determined the appropriate level of 27 Table of Contents severance protections for each Named Executive Officer without
    factoring in the adverse tax effects on the Named Executive
    Officers that may result under Section 4999 of the Internal
    Revenue Code. The excise tax gross-up is
    intended to make the Named Executive Officers whole for any
    adverse tax consequences they may become subject to under
    Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, and to preserve
    the level of severance protections that we have determined to be
    appropriate. We generally do not believe that Named Executive Officers should
    be entitled to severance benefits merely because a change in
    control transaction occurs. The payment of severance benefits is
    generally only triggered by an actual or constructive
    termination of employment in connection with a change in
    control. However, we determined that it was advisable to provide
    for one (1) year of accelerated vesting of equity awards in
    the event of a change in control pursuant to the change in
    control agreements. In addition, under the terms of our stock
    incentive plans, if there is a liquidation, sale of all or
    substantially all of our assets, or merger or reorganization
    that results in a change in control of the Company, and such
    outstanding awards will not be continued or assumed following
    the transaction, then, like all other employees, Named Executive
    Officers may receive immediate vesting and/or payout of their outstanding long-term incentive compensation
    awards. Although this vesting will occur whether or not a Named
    Executive Officer’s employment terminates, we believe it is
    appropriate to fully vest share-based awards in these change in
    control situations because such a transaction may effectively
    end the Named Executive Officers’ ability to realize any
    further value with respect to the share-based awards. Please see the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or
    Change in Control” section below for a description of the
    potential payments that may be made to the Named Executive
    Officers in connection with their termination of employment or a
    change in control. Stock
    Ownership Guidelines Each Board member and executive officer (as defined in
    Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended) is required to own the Company’s Common Stock,
    with a minimum stock ownership requirement, if any, to be
    determined by the Board from time to time. Section 162(m)
    Policy Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code disallows a tax
    deduction to publicly-held companies for compensation paid to
    certain executive officers, to the extent that compensation
    exceeds $1 million per officer in any year. The limitation
    applies only to compensation which is not considered to be
    performance-based, either because it is not tied to the
    attainment of performance milestones or because it is not paid
    pursuant to a stockholder-approved plan. The Compensation
    Committee believes that in establishing the cash and equity
    incentive compensation programs for the Company’s executive
    officers, the potential deductibility of the compensation
    payable under those programs should be only one of a number of
    relevant factors taken into consideration, and not the sole
    governing factor. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee may
    provide one or more executive officers with the opportunity to
    earn incentive compensation, whether through cash bonus programs
    tied to the Company’s financial performance or share-based
    awards in the form of restricted stock or restricted stock
    units, which may be in excess of the amount deductible by reason
    of Section 162(m) or other provisions of the Internal
    Revenue Code. The Compensation Committee believes it is
    important to maintain incentive compensation at the requisite
    level to attract and retain the executive officers essential to
    the Company’s financial success, even if all or part of
    that compensation may not be deductible by reason of the
    Section 162(m) limitation. 28 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
    COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information contained in this report shall not be deemed
    to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed”
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such
    information be incorporated by reference into any future filings
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the
    liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
    specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed
    under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Compensation Committee has certain duties and powers as
    described in its Charter. The Compensation Committee is
    currently composed of the three (3) Non-Employee Directors
    named at the end of this report each of whom is independent as
    defined by the NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with
    management the disclosures contained in the Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Based
    upon this review and our discussions, the Compensation Committee
    has recommended to our Board of Directors that this Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis section be included in the
    Company’s 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Compensation
    Committee of the Board of Directors Irwin Federman (Chair) Michael E. Marks Dr. James D. Meindl COMPENSATION
    COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION Of the Compensation Committee members whose names appear on the
    Compensation Committee Report above, Mr. Marks and
    Dr. Meindl were committee members during all of fiscal
    2006. Mr. Federman was appointed to the Compensation
    Committee, effective May 26, 2006. Mr. Shugart served
    as a member of the Compensation Committee prior to his
    resignation from the Company’s Board of Directors on
    May 25, 2006. No current member of the Compensation
    Committee is a current or former executive officer or employee
    of the Company or had any relationships requiring disclosure by
    the Company under the SEC’s rules requiring disclosure of
    certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of
    the Company’s executive officers served as a director or a
    member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving
    an equivalent function) of any other entity, the executive
    officers of which served as a director or member of the
    Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended
    December 31, 2006. 29 Table of Contents SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE — FISCAL 2006 The following table presents information regarding compensation
    of our Named Executive Officers for services rendered during
    2006. Change in Pension Value Non-Equity and Incentive Nonqualified Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Compensation Compensation Total Name and Principal Position Year ($) ($) ($)(2) ($)(2) ($)(3) Earnings ($)(4) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Dr. Eli Harari, 2006 800,419 — 949,729 7,012,742 1,200,000 — 6,600 9,969,490 Chief Executive Officer and
    Chairman of the Board Judy Bruner, 2006 397,425 — 474,864 2,518,586 451,530 — — 3,842,405 Executive Vice President,
    Administration & Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Mehrotra, 2006 469,623 — 712,296 4,006,202 605,660 — 6,600 5,800,381 President and Chief Operating
    Officer Yoram Cedar, 2006 367,414 — 237,432 2,196,894 375,875 — 6,600 3,184,215 Executive Vice President, Mobile
    Business Unit & Corporate Engineering Dr. Randhir Thakur, 2006 365,863 — 1,675,023 931,013 375,882 — — 3,347,781 Executive Vice President,
    Technology & Worldwide Operations Nelson Chan, 2006 459,132 — 551,125 (5) 4,246,130 (5) — — 706,600 5,962,987 Former Executive Vice President,
    Consumer Products & Corporate Marketing(1) (1) Effective December 8, 2006, Mr. Chan resigned as
    Executive Vice President of Consumer Products &
    Corporate Marketing of the Company. (2) The amounts reported in columns (e) and (f) above
    reflect the aggregate dollar amounts recognized for stock awards
    and option awards, respectively, for financial statement
    reporting purposes with respect to fiscal 2006 (disregarding any
    estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting
    conditions). Detailed information about the amount recognized
    for specific awards is reported in the table under
    “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
    2006 Year-End” below. For a discussion of the
    assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the amounts
    reported in columns (e) and (f), please see the discussion
    of equity incentive awards granted during fiscal 2006 contained
    in Note 5 (“Compensation and Benefits”) to the
    Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, included as
    part of the Company’s 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, which note is incorporated herein by
    reference. (3) The amounts reported in column (g) above reflect the
    aggregate dollar amounts paid to Named Executive Officers under
    the terms of the fiscal 2006 cash incentive award granted under
    the 2005 Plan. The payouts were made in March 2007. The material
    terms of these cash incentive awards are described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards.” The Named
    Executive Officers’ annual bonus for fiscal 2005, which was
    paid in March 2006, is not reported in this table as it related
    to the Named Executive Officers’ performance during fiscal
    2005 and was reported as part of the Named Executive
    Officers’ compensation for fiscal 2005 in the Proxy
    Statement for the Company’s 2006 annual meeting. (4) Amounts shown in column (i) include matching contributions
    to the Company’s 401(k) Plan on behalf of certain Named
    Executive Officers in the amount of $6,600; and, for
    Mr. Chan, an amount equal to $700,000, which represents the
    amounts paid to Mr. Chan in fiscal 2006 in connection with
    the termination of his employment. A more detailed explanation
    of the nature and amount of payments made or to be made to
    Mr. Chan in connection with the termination of his
    employment with the Company is found below under 30 Table of Contents “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in
    Control.” The Company provides Named Executive Officers
    with certain perquisites and personal benefits not included in
    this table pursuant to SEC rules. (5) The following awards previously granted to Mr. Chan were
    forfeited in connection with the termination of
    Mr. Chan’s employment with the Company effective
    December 8, 2006: (i) of the 250,000 options granted
    to Mr. Chan on January 16, 2004, 15,626 unvested
    options were forfeited; (ii) of the 50,000 options granted
    to Mr. Chan on August 12, 2004, 9,375 unvested options
    were forfeited; (iii) of the 150,000 options granted to
    Mr. Chan on January 3, 2005, 46,875 unvested options
    were forfeited; (iv) of the 80,000 options granted to
    Mr. Chan on February 16, 2006, 45,000 unvested options
    were forfeited; and (v) of the 50,000 restricted stock
    units granted to Mr. Chan on February 16, 2006, 37,500
    unvested units were forfeited. Dr. Harari is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. As an employee-director, Dr. Harari does not receive additional compensation for his
    services as a director. Compensation
    of Named Executive Officers The Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 above
    quantifies the value of the different forms of compensation
    earned by or awarded to our Named Executive Officers in fiscal
    2006. The primary elements of each Named Executive
    Officer’s total compensation reported in the table are base
    salary, an annual bonus and long-term equity incentives
    consisting of stock options and restricted stock units. Named
    Executive Officers also earned or were paid the other benefits
    listed in column (i) of the Summary Compensation
    Table — Fiscal 2006, as further described in footnote
    (4) to the table. The Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 should be
    read in conjunction with the tables and narrative descriptions
    that follow. A description of the material terms of each Named
    Executive Officer’s base salary and annual bonus is
    provided immediately following this paragraph. The Grants of
    Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2006 table, and the description of
    the material terms of the stock options and restricted stock
    units granted in fiscal 2006 that follows it, provides
    information regarding the long-term equity incentives awarded to
    Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2006. The Outstanding Equity
    Awards at Fiscal 2006 Year-End and Option Exercises and
    Stock Vested in Fiscal 2006 tables provide further information
    on the Named Executive Officers’ potential realizable value
    and actual value realized with respect to their equity awards.
    The discussion of the potential payments due upon a termination
    of employment or change in control that follows is intended to
    further explain the potential future payments that are, or may
    become, payable to our Named Executive Officers under certain
    circumstances. Description
    of Employment Agreements, Salary and Bonus Amounts As indicated above, none of the Named Executive Officers is
    employed pursuant to an employment agreement. As a result, their
    base salary and bonus opportunities are not fixed by contract.
    Instead, in the first quarter of each fiscal year, the
    Compensation Committee establishes the base salary level for
    each of our Named Executive Officers for the year. In making its
    determination, the Compensation Committee considers the factors
    discussed above under “Current Executive Compensation
    Program Elements — Base Salaries.” In fiscal
    2006, instead of granting discretionary cash bonuses, the
    Company granted Named Executive Officers a cash incentive award
    under the 2005 Plan. In determining the terms of such awards,
    the Compensation Committee considered the factors discussed
    above under “Current Executive Compensation Program
    Elements - Annual Cash Incentive Award.” The material terms
    of the cash incentive awards granted to each Named Executive
    Officer in fiscal 2006 are described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards.” Consistent with the Company’s philosophy that a substantial
    portion of compensation should be contingent on the
    Company’s performance, base salary for Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal 2006 comprised a relatively low percentage
    (generally between 8% and 12%) of total compensation. Equity and
    non-equity incentive compensation for Named Executive Officers
    in fiscal 2006, the value of which, as described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards”, is significantly
    dependent upon on Company performance, comprised a much larger
    percentage (generally between 88% and 92%) of total
    compensation. The Company believes this allocation of base
    salary and incentive compensation in proportion to total
    compensation is appropriate to balance the Company’s dual
    goals of aligning the interests of executives and stockholders
    and providing predictable benefit amounts that reward an
    executive’s continued service. 31 Table of Contents GRANTS OF
    PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL 2006 The following table presents information regarding the equity
    and non-equity incentive awards granted to the Named Executive
    Officers during fiscal 2006 under the Company’s 2005 Plan.
    The material terms of each grant are described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards.” All Option All Stock Awards: Exercise Grant Date Awards: Number of or Base Fair Value of Estimated Possible Payouts Under Number of Securities Price of Stock and Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Shares of Stock Underlying Option Option Grant Threshold Target Maximum or Units Options Awards Awards Date ($)(3) ($) ($) (#) (#) ($/Sh) ($) Name(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) Dr. Eli Harari 3/30/06 336,000 800,000 3,000,000 — — — — 5/25/06 — — — — 150,000 58.84 5,239,740 5/25/06 — — — 100,000 — — 5,884,000 Judy Bruner 2/16/06 — — — — 80,000 59.04 2,111,944 3/30/06 126,428 301,019 1,128,822 — — — — 5/25/06 — — — 50,000 — — 2,942,000 Sanjay Mehrotra 2/16/06 — — — — 100,000 59.04 2,639,930 3/30/06 169,585 403,773 1,514,149 — — — — 5/25/06 — — — 75,000 — — 4,413,000 Yoram Cedar 2/16/06 — — — — 20,000 59.04 527,986 3/30/06 114,534 272,700 1,022,625 — — — — 5/25/06 — — — 25,000 — — 1,471,000 Dr. Randhir Thakur(1) 3/30/06 114,536 272,705 1,022,642 — — — — Nelson Chan(2) 2/16/06 — — — — 80,000 59.04 2,111,944 3/30/06 126,430 301,023 1,128,836 — — — — 5/25/06 — — — 50,000 — — 2,942,000 (1) Dr. Thakur did not receive any equity awards under the 2005
    Plan during fiscal 2006 because he was not eligible at the time
    grants were made. (2) The non-equity incentive plan award, and a portion of the other
    stock and option awards, granted to Mr. Chan during fiscal
    2006 were forfeited in connection with the termination of his
    employment with the Company effective December 8, 2006. The
    amounts and benefits payable to Mr. Chan in connection with
    his termination of employment are described in more detail below
    under “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in
    Control.” (3) The amount set forth in column (c) represents the minimum
    amount payable under the Named Executive Officer’s
    non-equity incentive plan award for a minimum level of
    performance with respect to the two performance measures subject
    to the award. If this minimum level of performance with respect
    to the performance measures had not been achieved, no amount
    would have been payable under the award. Description
    of Plan-Based Awards During fiscal 2006, each Named Executive Officer (other than
    Dr. Thakur) was awarded a time-based stock option award and
    a time-based restricted stock unit award. In addition, each
    Named Executive Officer was granted a cash incentive award. Each
    of these awards was granted under, and is subject to the terms
    of, the 2005 Plan. The plan is administered by the Compensation
    Committee. The Compensation Committee has authority to interpret
    the plan provisions and make all required determinations under
    the plan. This authority includes making required proportionate
    adjustments to outstanding awards upon the occurrence of certain
    corporate events such as reorganizations, mergers and stock
    splits, and making provision to ensure that any tax withholding
    obligations incurred in respect of awards are satisfied. Awards
    granted under the plan are generally only transferable to a
    beneficiary of a Named Executive Officer upon his or her death.
    However, the Compensation Committee may establish procedures for
    the transfer of awards to other persons or entities, provided
    that such transfers comply with applicable securities laws and,
    with limited exceptions set forth in the plan document, are not
    made for value. Under the terms of the 2005 Plan, if there is a change in
    control of the Company, each Named Executive Officer’s
    outstanding share-based awards granted under the plan will
    generally become fully vested and, in the case 32 Table of Contents of options, exercisable to the extent such outstanding awards
    are not substituted or assumed in connection with the
    transaction. Any options that become vested in connection with a
    change in control generally must be exercised prior to the
    change in control, or they will be canceled in exchange for the
    right to receive a cash payment in connection with the change in
    control transaction. In addition, if there is a change in
    control of the Company, the Compensation Committee may terminate
    the performance period applicable to the cash incentive award
    and pro-rate (based on the number of days during the performance
    period prior to the transaction) the bonus and performance
    targets based on year-to-date performance. Stock
    Options Each stock option reported in column (g) of the table above
    was granted with a per-share exercise price equal to the fair
    market value of a share of the Company’s Common Stock on
    the grant date. For these purposes, and in accordance with the
    terms of the 2005 Plan and the Company’s option grant
    practices, the fair market value is equal to the closing price
    of a share of Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on
    the applicable grant date. Each stock option granted to our Named Executive Officers in
    fiscal 2006 is subject to a four (4) year vesting schedule,
    with 25% of the option vesting on February 16, 2007, and
    the remaining 75% of the option vesting in twelve
    (12) substantially equal installments on each successive
    three (3) month anniversary of February 16, 2007. Once
    vested, each stock option will generally remain exercisable
    until its normal expiration date. Each of the stock options
    granted to our Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2006 has a
    term of seven (7) years. Outstanding options, however, may
    terminate earlier in connection with a change in control
    transaction or a termination of the Named Executive
    Officer’s employment. Subject to any accelerated vesting
    that may apply, the unvested portion of the stock option will
    immediately terminate upon a termination of the Named Executive
    Officer’s employment. The Named Executive Officer will
    generally have three (3) months to exercise the vested
    portion of the stock option following a termination of
    employment. This period is extended to twelve (12) months
    if the termination is on account of the Named Executive
    Officer’s death or permanent disability. However, if a
    Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated by the
    Company for “misconduct” (as determined under the
    plan), outstanding stock options (whether vested or unvested)
    will immediately terminate. The stock options granted to Named Executive Officers during
    fiscal 2006 do not include any dividend or dividend equivalent
    rights. Restricted
    Stock Units Each restricted stock unit awarded to our Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal 2006 represents a contractual right to
    receive one share of the Company’s Common Stock if the
    time-based vesting requirements described below are satisfied.
    Restricted stock units are credited to a bookkeeping account
    established by the Company on behalf of each Named Executive
    Officer. Each restricted stock unit award is subject to a four
    (4) year vesting schedule, with 25% of the restricted stock
    unit vesting on February 16, 2007, and the remaining 75% of
    the restricted stock unit vesting in three
    (3) substantially equal installments on each successive one
    (1) year anniversary of February 16, 2007. Subject to
    any accelerated vesting that may apply, upon the termination of
    a Named Executive Officer’s employment, any then-unvested
    restricted stock units will generally terminate. Restricted stock units will generally be paid in an equivalent
    number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock as they
    become vested. Named Executive Officers are not entitled to
    voting or dividend rights with respect to the restricted stock
    units. Non-Employee Directors are, however, entitled to the
    following dividend equivalent rights with respect to the
    restricted stock units. If the Company pays a cash dividend on
    its Common Stock and the dividend record date occurs after the
    grant date and before all of the restricted stock units have
    either been paid or terminated, then the Company will credit the
    Named Executive Officer’s bookkeeping account with an
    amount equal to (i) the per-share cash dividend paid by the
    Company on its Common Stock with respect to the dividend record
    date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of outstanding
    and unpaid restricted stock units (including any unvested
    restricted stock units) as of the dividend record date. These
    dividend equivalents will be subject to the same vesting,
    payment and other terms and conditions as the original
    restricted stock units to which they relate 33 Table of Contents (except that the dividend equivalents may be paid in cash or
    such other form as the plan administrator may deem appropriate). Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Award Each non-equity incentive plan award granted to our Named
    Executive Officers in fiscal 2006 consisted of an annual cash
    incentive opportunity under the 2005 Plan. The award provided
    for the payment of a cash bonus based on the Company’s
    performance for fiscal 2006 in the areas of after-tax net income
    and revenue growth. In connection with the award, each Named Executive Officer was
    awarded a target incentive amount, expressed as a percentage of
    base salary. The target incentive amounts for the Named
    Executive Officers were 100% of base salary for Dr. Harari,
    85% of base salary for Mr. Mehrotra and 75% of base salary
    for the remaining Named Executive Officers. In addition to
    establishing target incentive amounts, the Compensation
    Committee approved a matrix used to calculate a multiplier of
    the target amount based on the level of the Company’s
    achievement of the two performance goals. The multiplier ranged
    from a minimum of 0% of target for performance below a threshold
    level, 42% for performance at a threshold level and a maximum of
    375% of target for exceptional performance. Based on the
    Company’s achievement of the performance goals in fiscal
    2006 and the bonus matrix, the multiplier for fiscal 2006 was
    205% of target. Under the terms of the cash incentive awards,
    the Compensation Committee may exercise discretion to reduce
    (but not increase) the amount of the bonus otherwise payable to
    a Named Executive Officer based on the formula described above.
    For fiscal 2006, the Compensation Committee exercised its
    discretion to pay bonuses at a rate less than the maximum
    multiplier provided for under the bonus matrix based on the
    Company’s fiscal 2006 performance. Specifically, for fiscal
    2006, the Compensation Committee approved bonuses at 150% of
    target (as opposed to 205%) for the Chief Executive Officer,
    President and Chief Financial Officer, and approved bonuses at
    138% of target (as opposed to 205%) for the other Named
    Executive Officers employed by the Company at year-end. In
    determining whether to exercise this discretion, the
    Compensation Committee considered the factors discussed above
    under “Current Executive Compensation Program
    Elements — Annual Cash Incentive Award” in the
    Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. In February 2007, the Compensation Committee reviewed the
    Company’s performance with respect to after-tax net income
    and revenue growth for fiscal 2006, certified the level of
    performance achieved and approved incentive payouts under the
    awards based on its review. The amount of the payout approved by
    the Compensation Committee under each Named Executive
    Officer’s incentive award for fiscal 2006 is presented in
    column (g) of the Summary Compensation Table —
    Fiscal 2006 above. 34 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING
    EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2006 YEAR-END The following table presents information regarding the
    outstanding share-based awards held by each Named Executive
    Officer as of December 31, 2006, including the vesting
    dates for the portions of these awards that had not vested as of
    that date. This table also includes the amounts recognized for
    each of these awards for financial statement reporting purposes
    for fiscal 2006 as reflected in the Summary Compensation
    Table — Fiscal 2006 above. For purposes of clarity,
    awards that were granted prior to December 31, 2006 but
    that were not outstanding as of December 31, 2006 (for
    example, because the awards were forfeited, exercised, paid or
    otherwise settled prior to December 31, 2006) are also
    included in the table below if a charge was recognized for
    financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal 2006 with
    respect to the award. Additional information regarding these
    awards is presented in the footnotes below and in the table
    below under “Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal
    2006.” Option Awards(1) Stock Awards(2) Market Number of Number of Allocable Number of Value of Allocable Securities Securities Financial Shares or Shares or Financial Underlying Underlying Charge Units of Units of Charge Unexercised Unexercised Option Recognized Stock That Stock Stock That Recognized Options Options Exercise Option Option for Fiscal Have Not Award Have Not for Fiscal (#) (#) Price Grant Expiration 2006 Vested Grant Vested 2006 Name Exercisable Unexercisable ($) Date Date ($) (#) Date ($)(3) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) (k) Dr. Eli Harari 368,000 — 3.125 12/15/98 12/14/08 — 100,000 (12) 5/25/06 4,303,000 949,729 368,776 — 6.405 1/22/02 1/21/12 27,641 400,000 — 6.13 6/27/02 6/26/12 222,969 562,500 37,500 (4) 8.865 1/21/03 1/20/13 985,012 138,814 187,500 (5) 34.585 1/16/04 1/15/14 3,724,266 87,500 112,500 (6) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 586,386 75,000 125,000 (7) 26.09 5/27/05 5/26/12 620,728 — 150,000 (8) 58.84 5/25/06 5/25/13 845,740 Totals 2,000,590 612,500 7,012,742 100,000 4,303,000 949,729 Judy Bruner 7,000 — 6.215 7/1/02 6/30/12 73,974 50,000 (12) 5/25/06 2,151,500 474,864 174,250 168,750 (9) 20.12 6/21/04 6/20/14 1,618,436 54,687 70,313 (6) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 366,491 — 80,000 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/16/13 459,684 Totals 235,937 319,063 2,518,585 50,000 2,151,500 474,864 Sanjay Mehrotra 33,750 — 2.50 8/21/98 8/20/08 — 75,000 (12) 5/25/06 3,227,250 712,296 120,060 — 3.125 12/15/98 12/14/08 — 254,748 — 5.41 9/21/01 9/20/11 — — — 6.405 1/22/02 1/21/12 259 31,250 15,626 (4) 8.865 1/21/03 1/20/13 410,422 32,500 93,750 (5) 34.585 1/16/04 1/15/14 1,862,133 14,063 32,813 (10) 21.19 8/12/04 8/11/14 279,204 37,500 168,750 (6) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 879,579 — 100,000 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 574,605 Totals 523,871 410,939 4,006,202 75,000 3,227,250 712,296 Yoram Cedar 60,000 — 17.9063 12/14/99 12/13/09 — 25,000 (12) 5/25/06 1,075,750 237,432 40,000 — 17.1875 12/21/00 12/20/10 — 20,000 — 10.945 6/20/01 6/19/11 — 2,500 — 5.41 9/21/01 9/20/11 — 4,500 — 6.405 1/22/02 1/21/12 777 15,000 — 6.13 6/27/02 6/26/12 4,342 43,750 6,250 (4) 8.865 1/21/03 1/20/13 143,508 28,125 46,876 (5) 34.585 1/16/04 1/15/14 931,066 28,125 21,875 (10) 21.19 8/12/04 8/11/14 186,136 65,625 84,375 (6) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 439,790 25,000 55,000 (11) 44.79 9/23/05 9/22/12 376,354 — 20,000 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 114,921 Totals 332,625 234,376 2,196,894 25,000 1,075,750 237,432 Dr. Randhir Thakur 62,500 137,500 (11) 44.32 9/23/05 9/22/12 931,013 37,500 (13) 9/23/05 1,613,625 1,675,023 Totals 62,500 137,500 931,013 37,500 1,613,625 1,675,023 Nelson Chan — — 6.405 1/22/02 1/21/12 3,941 5/25/06 — 551,125 — — 7.555 7/15/02 7/14/12 60,755 105,000 — 8.865 1/21/03 1/20/13 529,696 204,374 — 34.585 1/16/04 1/15/14 1,995,727 40,625 — 21.19 8/12/04 8/11/14 462,517 103,125 — 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 1,131,028 35,000 — 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 62,466 Totals 488,124 — 4,246,130 — — 551,125 35 Table of Contents (1) Each stock option grant reported in the table above with a grant
    date before May 27, 2005 was granted under, and is subject
    to, the Company’s 1995 Stock Option Plan. Each stock option
    grant reported in the table above with a grant date on or after
    May 27, 2005 was granted under, and is subject to, the 2005
    Plan. The option expiration date shown in column (f) above
    is the normal expiration date, and the latest date that the
    options may be exercised. The options may terminate earlier in
    certain circumstances described below. For each Named Executive
    Officer, the unexercisable options shown in column
    (c) above are also unvested and will generally terminate if
    the Named Executive Officer’s employment terminates. The exercisable options shown in column (b) above, and any
    unexercisable options shown in column (c) above that
    subsequently become exercisable, will generally expire earlier
    than the normal expiration date if the Named Executive
    Officer’s employment terminates. Unless exercised,
    exercisable stock options will generally terminate within three
    months after the date of termination of employment. However, if
    a Named Executive Officer dies or becomes totally disabled while
    employed with the Company, or if their employment is terminated
    by us without cause or by the executive for good reason with
    twelve (12) months following a change in control,
    exercisable stock options will generally remain exercisable for
    12 months following the Named Executive Officer’s
    death, disability or termination. In addition, the stock options
    (whether exercisable or not) will immediately terminate if a
    Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated by the
    Company for “misconduct” (as determined under the
    plan). The options may become fully vested and may terminate
    earlier than the normal expiration date if there is a change in
    control of the Company. (2) The stock awards held by our Named Executive Officers are
    subject to accelerated vesting in connection with certain
    changes in control of the Company and upon certain terminations
    of employment in connection with a change in control of the
    Company, as described in more detail above under “Grants of
    Plan-Based Awards” and below under “Potential Payments
    Upon Termination or Change in Control.” Except as otherwise
    indicated in those sections, unvested stock awards will
    generally be forfeited if a Named Executive Officer’s
    employment terminates. (3) The market or payout value of stock awards reported in column
    (j) is computed by multiplying the number of shares or
    units of stock reported in column (h) by $43.03, the
    closing market price of our common stock on December 29,
    2006, the last trading day of 2006. (4) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in full on January 21, 2007. (5) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in five (5) substantially equal installments on
    January 16, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of January 16, 2007. (6) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in nine (9) substantially equal installments on
    January 3, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of January 3, 2007. (7) The unvested portion of this option award was scheduled to vest
    in ten (10) substantially equal installments on
    February 16, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of February 16, 2007. (8) Of the unvested portions of these option awards, 25% of the
    options were scheduled to vest on February 16, 2007. The
    remaining 75% of the options are scheduled to vest in twelve
    (12) substantially equal installments on each successive three
    (3) month anniversary of February 16, 2007. (9) The unvested portion of this option award was scheduled to vest
    in six (6) substantially equal installments on
    March 21, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of March 21, 2007. (10) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in seven (7) substantially equal installments on
    February 12, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of February 12, 2007. (11) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in eleven (11) substantially equal installments on
    March 23, 2007 and each successive three (3) month
    anniversary of March 23, 2007. (12) The unvested portions of these stock awards were scheduled to
    vest in four substantially equal installments on
    February 16, 2007, February 16, 2008,
    February 16, 2009 and February 16, 2010. (13) The unvested portion of this stock award was scheduled to vest
    in full on September 23, 2007. 36 Table of Contents OPTION
    EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2006 The following table presents information regarding the exercise
    of stock options by Named Executive Officers during fiscal 2006,
    and on the vesting during fiscal 2006 of stock awards previously
    granted to the Named Executive Officers. Option Awards Stock Awards Number of Shares Number of Shares Acquired on Value Realized on Acquired on Value Realized on Exercise Exercise Vesting Vesting Name (#) ($)(1) (#) ($)(1) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Dr. Eli Harari 990,612 36,968,935 — — Judy Bruner 57,000 2,663,895 — — Sanjay Mehrotra 375,000 18,767,478 — — Yoram Cedar 24,999 662,349 — — Dr. Randhir Thakur — — 37,500 2,076,750 Nelson Chan 255,000 12,609,136 12,500 551,125 (1) The dollar amounts shown in column (c) above for option
    awards are determined by multiplying (i) the number of
    shares of the Company’s Common Stock to which the exercise
    of the option related, by (ii) the difference between the
    per-share closing price of our Common Stock on the date of
    exercise and the exercise price of the options. The dollar
    amounts shown in column (e) above for stock awards are
    determined by multiplying the number of shares or units, as
    applicable, that vested by the per-share closing price of the
    Company’s Common Stock on the vesting date. POTENTIAL
    PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL The following section describes the benefits that may become
    payable to Named Executive Officers (other than Mr. Chan)
    in connection with certain terminations of their employment with
    the Company and/or a
    change in control of the Company. As prescribed by the
    SEC’s disclosure rules, in calculating the amount of any
    potential payments to these Named Executive Officers, we have
    assumed that the applicable triggering event (i.e., termination
    of employment or change in control) occurred on
    December 31, 2006 and that the price per share of the
    Company’s Common Stock is equal to the closing price per
    share on December 29, 2006, the last trading day in 2006.
    For Mr. Chan, the following section describes the benefits
    that have become payable to him under a separation agreement
    entered into with the Company in connection with the termination
    of his employment on December 8, 2006. In addition to the change in control and termination benefits
    described below, outstanding share-based awards held by our
    Named Executive Officers may also be subject to accelerated
    vesting in connection with certain changes in control of the
    Company under the terms of our equity incentive plans as noted
    under “Grants of Plan-Based Awards” and
    “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
    2006 Year-End” above. For Named Executive Officers
    other than Dr. Thakur, the estimated value of accelerated
    vesting under the Company’s equity incentive plans is
    covered below under the description of these Named Executive
    Officers’ severance arrangements. Dr. Thakur is not
    covered under any severance arrangement with the Company. Had a
    change in control of the Company occurred on December 31,
    2006 under circumstances in which the Company’s equity
    incentive plans provide for accelerated vesting, the Company
    estimates that the value of accelerating the vesting of
    Dr. Thakur’s share-based awards would have been
    approximately $1,613,625. As described below, if the benefits payable to a Named Executive
    Officer (other than Mr. Chan and Dr. Thakur) in
    connection with a change in control of the Company would be
    subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 280G of the
    Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“Section 280G”),
    the Company will make an additional payment (a “gross-up payment”) to the executive so that the net amount of such
    payment (after taxes) he or she receives is sufficient to pay
    the excise tax due. For purposes of calculating the
    Section 280G excise tax, we have assumed that the Named
    Executive Officer’s outstanding equity awards would be
    accelerated and terminated in exchange for a cash payment upon
    the change in control. Based on this assumption, and as
    indicated in the chart 37 Table of Contents below, had the Named Executive Officers (other than
    Mr. Chan and Dr. Thakur) terminated employment under
    their respective change in control agreements on
    December 31, 2006, the Company estimates that no gross-up payment would have been payable to the Named Executive Officers.
    The value of this acceleration of vesting would be higher if the
    accelerated awards were assumed by the acquiring company rather
    than terminated upon the transaction; however, the Company
    estimates that this increase in value would not have been
    significant enough to trigger a gross-up payment. For purposes other than calculating the
    Section 280G excise tax, we have calculated the value of
    any option or stock award that may be accelerated in connection
    with a change in control of the Company to be the full value of
    such award (i.e., the full “spread” value for option
    awards and the full price per share of Common Stock for stock
    awards). Change of
    Control Benefits Agreements with Named Executive Officers Other
    than Nelson Chan and Dr. Randhir Thakur As indicated above, the Company has entered into a change of
    control agreement with each Named Executive Officer other than
    Mr. Chan and Dr. Thakur. The agreements are
    substantially identical (except as noted below with respect to
    Dr. Harari) and provide for certain benefits to be paid to
    the Named Executive Officer in connection with a change of
    control and/or termination of employment with the Company under the
    circumstances described below. Change of Control Benefits. Upon a
    “Change of Control” (as defined in the change in
    control agreement) of the Company, for purposes of the Named
    Executive Officer’s vesting in then outstanding and
    unvested equity awards, the Named Executive Officer will be
    treated as having completed one (1) additional year of
    vesting service as of the date of the Change of Control. The
    remaining unvested portions of the equity awards will continue
    to vest in accordance with their normal terms, but subject to
    the Named Executive Officer’s additional year of deemed
    vesting service. If a Change in Control of the Company had
    occurred on December 31, 2006, the Company estimates that
    the value of the one (1) year acceleration of equity awards
    for each Named Executive Officer with a change in control
    agreement other than Mr. Chan would have been as follows:
    Dr. Harari ($5,413,188), Ms. Bruner ($3,704,313),
    Mr. Mehrotra ($3,797,300) and Mr. Cedar ($1,779,031).
    The Company estimates that this acceleration of vesting by
    itself would not trigger excise taxes under Section 280G
    for any Named Executive Officer. Severance Benefits — Termination of Employment in
    Connection with Change in Control. In the event a
    Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated by the
    Company (or a successor) without “Cause” (and not on
    account of the Named Executive Officer’s death or
    disability) or by the Named Executive Officer for “Good
    Reason” (as those terms are defined in the change in
    control agreement) within twelve (12) months following a
    Change of Control of the Company, the Named Executive Officer
    will be entitled to severance pay that includes: (i) a lump
    sum cash payment equal to one (1) times (two (2) times
    for Dr. Harari) the sum of (A) the Named Executive
    Officer’s annual base salary as of the Change of Control or
    termination of employment, whichever is greater, plus
    (B) the Named Executive Officer’s target annual bonus
    for the year of termination; (ii) for a period of
    twenty-four (24) months following the termination date,
    continuation of the same or equivalent life, health, disability,
    vision, dental and other insurance coverage for the Named
    Executive Officer and his or her spouse and eligible dependents
    as the Named Executive Officer was receiving immediately prior
    to the Change of Control; (iii) accelerated vesting of the
    Named Executive Officer’s equity awards to the extent
    outstanding on the termination date and not otherwise vested,
    with accelerated options to remain exercisable for twelve
    (12) months following the termination (subject to the
    maximum term of the option); (iv) for a period of twelve
    (12) months following the termination, executive-level
    outplacement benefits (which shall include at least resume
    assistance, career evaluation and assessment, individual career
    counseling, financial counseling, access to one or more on-line
    employment databases, private office and office support); and
    (v) in the event that the Named Executive Officer’s
    benefits are subject to the excise tax imposed under
    Section 280G, a gross-up payment so that the net amount of such payment (after taxes) he
    or she receives is sufficient to pay the excise tax due. 38 Table of Contents The following table lists the Named Executive Officers (other
    than Mr. Chan and Dr. Thakur) and the estimated
    amounts they would have become entitled to under their change of
    control agreement had their employment with the Company
    terminated on December 31, 2006 under circumstances
    described above. Estimated Total Estimated Total Value of Health Estimated Total Estimated Value of Estimated Total Value of Cash Coverage Value of Equity Outplacement Value of Excise Tax Payment Continuation Acceleration Benefits ‘‘Gross-Up” Name ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Dr. Eli Harari 3,200,000 25,000 11,405,750 50,000 — Judy Bruner 702,378 37,500 7,342,963 50,000 — Sanjay Mehrotra 878,800 37,500 8,450,404 50,000 — Yoram Cedar 636,300 37,500 3,753,368 50,000 — Separation
    Agreement with Nelson Chan The Company and Mr. Chan entered into a separation
    agreement in connection with the termination of
    Mr. Chan’s employment with the Company effective
    December 8, 2006. The separation agreement, which contains
    a general release of claims in favor of the Company, provides
    that in connection with his termination of employment,
    Mr. Chan is entitled to severance pay that includes:
    (i) a lump sum payment equal to $700,000 (which represents
    one (1) year of Mr. Chan’s base salary as of the
    separation date plus his target bonus for 2006);
    (ii) accelerated vesting of then-unvested stock options
    that were scheduled to vest on or before December 8, 2007
    (with the remaining unvested stock options to be terminated, and
    such vested stock options to remain exercisable following the
    separation in accordance with the terms of the applicable equity
    incentive plan), the value of which the Company estimates at
    approximately $1,433,957; and (iii) accelerated vesting of
    then-unvested restricted stock units that were scheduled to vest
    on or before February 16, 2007 (with the remaining unvested
    units to be forfeited), the value of which the Company estimates
    at approximately $551,125. The separation agreement contains a general release of claims by
    Mr. Chan and a covenant not to sue and provides that, as a
    condition to the severance benefits described above,
    Mr. Chan must comply with the terms of the Proprietary
    Information and Inventions Agreement he previously entered into
    with the Company, which contains an assignment of inventions and
    developments provision and restrictions relating to the use of
    the Company’s proprietary information. The separation
    agreement also contains perpetual confidentiality and
    non-disparagement provisions and a twelve (12) month
    non-solicitation of employees provision. 39 Table of Contents CERTAIN
    TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS Under the Company’s related party transaction policies and
    procedures, information about transactions involving related
    persons is assessed by the Audit Committee. Related persons
    include (i) the Company’s directors, executive
    officers and nominees to become a director, (ii) any
    beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the
    Company’s voting securities, (iii) any immediate
    family members of the foregoing persons, or (iv) any firm,
    corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing
    persons is employed or in which all the related persons, in the
    aggregate, have a 10% or greater beneficial ownership interest.
    If the determination were made that a related person has a
    material interest in any Company transaction (a “related
    party transaction”), then the Audit Committee would review,
    approve, ratify or, at its discretion, take other action with
    respect to the transaction. Any related party transaction would
    be required to be disclosed in accordance with SEC rules. If the
    related person at issue is a member of the Audit Committee, or
    an immediate family member of a member of the Audit Committee,
    then that member would not participate in those discussions. In reviewing a proposed related party transaction, the Audit
    Committee considers all the relevant facts and circumstances of
    the transaction available to the Audit Committee on a case-by-case basis, including (i) the nature and terms of the
    transaction, (ii) the relationship with the related person,
    (iii) whether the terms of the transaction are fair to the
    Company and on terms at least as favorable as would apply if the
    other party was not a related person, (iv) whether there
    are demonstrable business reasons for the Company to enter into
    the related party transaction, (v) whether the related
    party transaction would impair the independence of a director,
    and (vi) whether the related party transaction would
    present an improper conflict of interest for any director,
    executive officer or employee of the Company, taking into
    account the size of the transaction, the overall financial
    position of the director, executive officer or employee, the
    direct or indirect nature of the interest of the director,
    executive officer or employee in the transaction, the ongoing
    nature of any proposed relationship, and any other factors the
    Audit Committee deems appropriate. 40 Table of Contents STOCK
    PERFORMANCE GRAPH The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder
    return on the Common Stock with that of the Standard &
    Poors (“S&P”) 500 Stock Index, a broad market
    index published by S&P, a selected S&P Semiconductor
    Company stock index compiled by Morgan Stanley & Co.
    Incorporated and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. The
    comparison for each of the periods assumes that $100 was
    invested on January 2, 2002 in the Company’s Common
    Stock, the stocks included in the S&P 500 Stock Index, the
    stocks included in the S&P Semiconductor Company Stock Index
    and the stocks included in the PHLX Semiconductor Sector. These indices, which reflect formulas for dividend reinvestment
    and weighting of individual stocks, do not necessarily reflect
    returns that could be achieved by an individual investor. COMPARISON
    OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN FROM JANUARY 2, 2002 TO DECEMBER 31, 2006 AMONG SANDISK CORPORATION, S&P 500 STOCK INDEX, S&P SEMICONDUCTOR COMPANY STOCK INDEX AND THE PHLX SEMICONDUCTOR SECTOR Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of
    the Company’s previous or future filings under the
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate this Proxy
    Statement or future filings made by the Company under those
    statutes, the Stock Performance Graph and reference to the Audit
    Committee Charter and independence of the Audit Committee
    members are not deemed filed with the SEC and shall not be
    deemed incorporated by reference into any of those prior filings
    or into any future filings made by the Company under those
    statutes. 41 Table of Contents CERTAIN
    TRANSACTIONS The Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation, as amended (the “Certificate”)
    authorizes the Company to provide indemnification of the
    Company’s Directors and officers, and the Company’s
    Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) require the Company to
    indemnify its Directors and officers, to the fullest extent
    permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
    “DGCL”). In addition, each of the Company’s
    current Directors and executive officers has entered into a
    separate indemnification agreement with the Company. Finally,
    the Certificate and Bylaws limit the liability of Directors to
    the Company or its stockholders to the fullest extent permitted
    by the DGCL. The Company intends that all future transactions between the
    Company and its officers, Directors, principal stockholders and
    their affiliates be approved by the Audit Committee, and be on
    terms no less favorable to the Company than could be obtained
    from unaffiliated third parties. OTHER
    BUSINESS The Board of Directors knows of no other business that will be
    presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If other
    matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, however,
    it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying
    proxy to vote the shares represented thereby on such matters in
    accordance with their best judgment. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, Eli Harari Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer April 10, 2007 42 Table of Contents Proxy – SanDisk Corporation THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF SANDISK CORPORATION’S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 24, 2007 Eli Harari and Judy Bruner, or either of them, are hereby appointed as the lawful agents and
proxies of the
undersigned (with all powers the undersigned would possess if personally present, including full
power of
substitution and resubstitution) to represent and to vote all shares of Common Stock of SanDisk
Corporation (the “Company”) which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Company’s Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 24, 2007 at 8:00 a.m., local time, and at any
adjournments or
postponements thereof, as follows: The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of Directors, FOR proposal 2 and
AGAINST proposal 3. This proxy will be voted as directed, or, if no direction is indicated, will be
voted FOR proposal 1, FOR proposal 2 and AGAINST proposal 3, and, at the discretion of the
persons named as proxies, upon such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or
any postponement or adjournment thereof. This proxy may be revoked at any time before it is
voted. (Continued and to be voted on reverse side.) Telephone and Internet Voting Instructions You can vote by telephone OR Internet! Available 24 hours a day 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may choose one of the two voting methods outlined below to vote your proxy. • Call toll free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) in the United States or Canada any time on a touch tone
telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call. • Follow the simple instructions provided by the recorded message. • Go to the following web site: • WWW.COMPUTERSHARE.COM/EXPRESSVOTE • Enter the information requested on your computer screen and follow the simple instructions. C0123456789 12345 If you vote by telephone or the Internet, please DO NOT mail back this proxy card.
Proxies submitted by telephone or the Internet must be received by 5:30 p.m., Central Daylight
Time on May 23, 2007. THANK YOU FOR VOTING Table of Contents SanDisk Corporation MR A SAMPLE DESIGNATION (IF ANY) ADD 1 ADD 2 ADD 3 ADD 4 ADD 5 ADD 6 MMMMMMMMMMMM 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext 000000000.000 ext C 1234567890 J N T o Mark this box with an X if you have made changes to your name or address details above. Annual Meeting Proxy Card A. Election of Directors PLEASE REFER TO THE REVERSE SIDE FOR TELEPHONE
AND INTERNET VOTING INSTRUCTIONS. 1. The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR”
the election of the Nominees listed below. For Withhold For Withhold 01 – Dr. Eli o o 04 – Eddy W. o o Harari Hartenstein 02 – Irwin o o 05 – Catherine o o Federman P. Lego 03 – Steven J. o o 06 – Michael E. o o Gomo Marks 07 – Dr. James o o D. Meindl Table of Contents B. Issues The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR” the following proposal. For Against Abstain 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
December 30, 2007. o o o The Board of Directors recommends a vote “AGAINST” the following proposal. For Against Abstain 3. To consider a stockholder proposal regarding performance-vesting
shares. o o o C.
Authorized Signatures – Sign Here – This section must be completed for your instructions to be executed. NOTE: Please sign your name(s) EXACTLY as your name(s) appear(s) on this proxy. All joint holders
must sign. When signing as attorney, trustee, executor, administrator, guardian or corporate
officer, please
provide your FULL title. Signature 1 – Please keep signature within the box Signature 2 – Please keep signature within the box Date (mm/dd/yyyy) MATERIALS ELECTION o As of July 1, 2007, SEC rules permit companies to send you a Notice indicating that their proxy
materials are available on the Internet and how you can request a mailed copy. Check the box to the
left
if you want to receive future proxy materials by mail at no cost to you. Even if you do not check
the box,
you will still have the right to request a free set of proxy materials upon receipt of a Notice. 1 U P X H H H P P P P 0052011