DEF 14A 1 c12542ddef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  ) Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a- 6(e)(2) ) þ Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 MIDWAY GAMES INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was
determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2)
and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its
filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents MIDWAY
    GAMES INC. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
    STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on June 13,
    2007 To the Stockholders of Midway Games Inc.: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders of Midway Games Inc. (“Midway”). The
    meeting will be held on Wednesday, June 13, 2007, at
    9:00 a.m. Central Time in the LaSalle Room,
    21 st Floor,
    of the Bank of America Building, 231 South LaSalle Street,
    Chicago, Illinois 60604, to consider and act upon the following
    matters: 1. To elect a board of eight (8) directors; 2. To approve the Midway Games Inc. Employee Stock Purchase
    Plan; 3. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP
    as our independent registered public accounting firm for the
    year ending December 31, 2007; and 4. To transact such other business as properly may come
    before the meeting or any adjournment or adjournments of the
    meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on
    April 16, 2007 are entitled to notice of and to vote at our
    2007 annual meeting and any adjournments thereof. A list of the
    stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting will be
    available for examination by any stockholder of Midway for any
    purpose germane to the annual meeting during regular business
    hours at our principal executive offices for the ten-day period prior to the annual meeting and will be available at the
    meeting. If you are planning to attend the meeting in person, you will be required to present proper government-issued photo
    identification ( e.g. , driver’s license or
    passport) to enter the meeting. Packages and bags may be
    inspected, and packages may have to be checked, among other
    measures that may be employed to enhance the security of those
    attending the meeting. These security procedures may require
    additional time, so please plan accordingly. Sumner M. Redstone, directly and indirectly through National
    Amusements Inc. (“NAI”) and Sumco, Inc.
    (“Sumco”), beneficially owned a total of over 87% of
    our common stock as of the record date. Mr. Redstone is the
    controlling stockholder for each of NAI and Sumco.
    Mr. Redstone’s daughter, Shari E. Redstone, as
    President of each of NAI and Sumco, has sole authority to
    exercise voting rights of the common stock beneficially owned by
    NAI and Sumco. Mr. Redstone and Ms. Redstone have
    advised us that they intend to cause all of their shares to be
    voted in favor of each of the matters listed above. Therefore,
    election of all the nominees and approval of the other proposals
    is assured. By Order of the Board of Directors, Deborah K. Fulton Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Chicago, Illinois April 24, 2007 YOU ARE REQUESTED, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO BE PRESENT AT
    THE ANNUAL MEETING, TO MARK, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN PROMPTLY THE
    ACCOMPANYING PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE PAID ENVELOPE. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT PROPOSAL 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 2006 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 2006 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 2006 OPTION EXERCISES and STOCK VESTED DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 2: ADOPTION OF MIDWAY GAMES INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN PROPOSAL 3: APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT OTHER MATTERS Table of Contents ANNUAL
    MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF MIDWAY GAMES INC. PROXY STATEMENT Introduction Midway Games Inc. is furnishing this proxy statement to you in
    connection with our solicitation of proxies to be voted at our
    Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting is scheduled to be
    held in the LaSalle Room, 21st Floor, of the Bank of
    America Building, 231 South LaSalle Street, Chicago, Illinois
    60604, on Wednesday, June 13, 2007, at
    9:00 a.m. Central Time, or at any proper adjournments.
    The mailing address of our principal executive offices is
    2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618. If you properly execute and return your proxy card, it will be
    voted in accordance with your instructions. If you return your
    signed proxy but give us no instructions as to one or more
    matters, the proxy will be voted on those matters in accordance
    with the recommendations of our Board of Directors as indicated
    in this proxy statement. You may revoke your proxy, at any time
    before it is voted, by written notice to us, by submission of
    another proxy bearing a later date or by voting in person at the
    meeting. Your revocation will not affect a vote on any matters
    already taken. Your mere presence at the meeting will not revoke
    your proxy. This solicitation is made by Midway Games Inc. We are mailing
    this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy
    beginning on or about April 24, 2007, to our stockholders
    of record on April 16, 2007 (the “Record Date”).
    In addition to the solicitation of proxies by use of the mails,
    some of our officers, directors and other employees may also
    solicit proxies personally or by mail, courier, electronic mail,
    telephone or facsimile transmission, but they will not receive
    additional compensation for those services. We will ask
    brokerage firms, custodians, banks, nominees and other
    fiduciaries holding shares of our common stock in their names to
    forward proxy soliciting material to their principals, and we
    will reimburse them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. There will not be any costs in connection with this
    solicitation, except for the costs of preparation, printing and
    mailing this proxy statement and our annual report to
    stockholders, the cost of which will be borne by Midway. Only holders of our common stock, $.01 par value per share,
    of record at the close of business on the Record Date will be
    entitled to vote at our annual meeting or any adjournments.
    There were 91,389,568 shares of our common stock
    outstanding on the Record Date (excluding treasury shares). Each
    share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on
    each matter at the meeting. Approval
    of Proposals The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares of our common
    stock present in person or by proxy is required to elect
    directors, and the affirmative vote of a majority of our common
    stock present and entitled to vote is required to approve the
    other proposals. As of the Record Date, Sumner M. Redstone and his related
    parties controlled over 87% of our outstanding common stock. See
    “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
    Management” below. Mr. Redstone and Shari E. Redstone
    have advised us that they intend to cause all the shares of our
    common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Redstone, NAI and
    Sumco to be voted in favor of each of the proposals described in
    this proxy statement, which will ensure the approval of each
    such proposal at the meeting. Ms. Redstone, as President of
    each of NAI and Sumco, has sole authority to exercise voting
    rights of the common stock beneficially owned by NAI and Sumco
    subject in each case to the authority of the boards of directors
    of those entities. Table of Contents Through their ownership of our common stock, Mr. Redstone
    and his related parties control the outcome of corporate actions
    that require the approval of our stockholders, including the
    election of our directors, among others. Mr. Redstone
    serves as Executive Chairman of the board of directors of Viacom
    Inc. (“Viacom”) and Chairman of the board of directors
    of CBS Corporation (“CBS”), an affiliate of
    Viacom. He also serves as Chairman of the board of directors and
    Chief Executive Officer of NAI, the parent company of Viacom and
    CBS. Mr. Redstone’s daughter, Shari E. Redstone, is
    the Vice Chairwoman of our Board of Directors; the Non-Executive
    Vice Chair of both the boards of directors of Viacom and CBS;
    and President of both NAI and Sumco. As President of each of NAI
    and Sumco, Ms. Redstone has sole authority with respect to
    each company’s investments in our company, including sole
    voting and investment power with respect to shares of our common
    stock subject in each case to the authority of the boards of
    directors of those entities. Another member of our Board, Joseph
    A. Califano, Jr., serves on the board of directors of CBS.
    Mr. Califano served on the Viacom board of directors from
    2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS in 2005. Another member
    of our Board of Directors, Robert J. Steele, currently serves as
    Vice President — Strategy and Corporate Development
    for NAI. In public filings, Mr. Redstone reported that he engaged a
    financial advisor to provide services in connection with the
    evaluation of a possible “going private” or other
    transaction. In public filings, he also stated that Midway could
    be considered as a potential Viacom acquisition candidate. In
    2004 Viacom established an Ad Hoc Committee on Electronic Games
    to consider any proposed transactions or business arrangements
    between Viacom and Midway. According to Viacom’s proxy
    statement for its 2006 annual meeting filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission, it dissolved the Ad Hoc Committee in
    connection with the separation of Viacom and CBS on
    December 31, 2005. Midway also has formed a special
    independent committee to consider any proposed transactions
    between Midway and Mr. Redstone or any of his affiliates,
    composed of three independent directors who are disinterested
    with respect to matters relating to Mr. Redstone and his
    affiliates. See “Corporate Governance —
    Committees of the Board of Directors” below. SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT Principal
    Stockholders The following table sets forth information as of the Record
    Date, except as otherwise noted in the footnotes, about persons
    that, to our knowledge, beneficially own more than 5% of the
    outstanding shares of our common stock: Number of Shares Percentage of of Common Stock Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned Common Stock(1) Sumner M. Redstone 12,433,577 (2) 13.6 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 National Amusements Inc. 22,687,479 (2) 24.8 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 Sumco, Inc. 45,218,230 (2) 49.5 % 200 Elm Street Dedham, MA 02026 (1) Under Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, shares underlying
    options are deemed to be beneficially owned if the holder of the
    option has the right to acquire beneficial ownership, of the
    underlying shares within 60 days. Percentage calculations
    are based on 91,389,568 shares outstanding on the Record
    Date, excluding treasury shares. (2) Based upon a Schedule 13D/A filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Sumner M. Redstone on February 7,
    2007. Mr. Redstone reported direct ownership of 12,433,557
    and indirect ownership through NAI (shared voting power) of
    22,687,479 and Sumco (shared voting power) of
    45,218,230 shares of our common stock.
    Mr. Redstone’s shares do not include
    17,500 shares held by his wife, Paula Redstone, with
    respect to which shares Mr. Redstone disclaims beneficial
    ownership. As a result of his stock ownership in NAI and Sumco,
    Mr. Redstone is deemed the beneficial owner of the shares
    of common stock owned by NAI and Sumco. 2 Table of Contents Security
    Ownership of Management The following table sets forth, as of the Record Date,
    information about the beneficial ownership of our common stock
    by each of our directors and our named executive officers and by
    all of our directors and executive officers as a group: Number of Shares of Percentage of Common Stock Outstanding Name of Beneficial Owner Beneficially Owned(1) Common Stock(2) Steven M. Allison 55,625 (3) * William C. Bartholomay 120,982 (3) * Matthew V. Booty 138,625 (3) * Peter C. Brown 3,999 (3) * Joseph A. Califano, Jr. 13,999 (3) * Kenneth D. Cron 3,999 (3) * Miguel Iribarren 87,500 (3) * Thomas E. Powell 67,500 (3) * Shari E. Redstone 67,919,289 (4) 74.3 % Ira S. Sheinfeld 95,863 (3) * Robert J. Steele 3,999 (3) * Robert N. Waxman 28,999 (3) * David F. Zucker 1,847,532 (5) 2.0 % Directors and Executive Officers
    as a Group(15 persons) 70,460,331 (6) 77.1 % * Less than 1% (1) Under Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, shares underlying
    options are deemed to be beneficially owned if the holder of the
    option has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of the
    underlying shares within 60 days. Percentage calculations
    are based on 91,389,568 shares outstanding on the Record
    Date, excluding treasury shares. No shares have been pledged as
    security by our directors or executive officers. (2) Percentage calculations are based on 91,389,568 shares
    outstanding on the Record Date, excluding treasury shares. (3) Includes 10,625; 75,612; 93,625; 3,999; 3,999; 3,999; 57,500;
    22,500; 74,062; 3,999 and 20,999, shares of common stock
    underlying stock options for Messrs. Allison, Bartholomay,
    Booty, Brown, Califano, Cron, Iribarren, Powell, Sheinfeld,
    Steele and Waxman, respectively. (4) Includes 67,905,709 shares (74.3%) owned by NAI and Sumco
    as of the Record Date, and 3,999 shares of common stock
    underlying options. As a director, President and shareholder of
    NAI, Ms. Redstone may be deemed a beneficial owner of
    NAI’s shares of our common stock. Also, as President of
    Sumco, Ms. Redstone has voting and investment power with
    respect to shares of our common stock held by Sumco and
    therefore may be deemed a beneficial owner of Sumco’s
    shares of our common stock. (5) Includes 1,774,614 shares of common stock underlying stock
    options. Also includes 72,918 shares of common stock issued
    under a Restricted Stock Agreement between Mr. Zucker and
    Midway dated as of May 6, 2003, the restrictions on which
    lapsed on May 1, 2006. (6) Includes an aggregate of 2,170,782 shares of common stock
    underlying stock options. PROPOSAL 1 —
    ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Upon the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, the eight
    persons named below have been nominated for election as
    directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders
    and until their respective successors are elected and shall
    qualify. Of our incumbent directors, all eight will stand for
    re-election. Shari E. Redstone is the daughter of Sumner
    Redstone and is President and a director of NAI, a 3 Table of Contents director of Viacom and CBS and President of Sumco. Joseph A.
    Califano, Jr. is a director of CBS and served on the Viacom
    board of directors from 2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS
    in 2005. Robert J. Steele is the Vice President —
    Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI. If any of the nominees are unable to serve as directors, an
    event which the Board does not anticipate, the proxies will be
    voted in favor of those nominees who do remain as candidates,
    except as you otherwise specify on your proxy card, and may be
    voted for substituted nominees designated by the Board. Name of Director Nominee (Age) Position with Company; and Principal Occupation Since Kenneth D. Cron (50) Chairman of the Board; Private
    Investor 2004 Shari E. Redstone (53) Vice Chairwoman of the Board;
    Non-Executive Vice Chair of Viacom and CBS; President of NAI and
    Sumco 2004 William C. Bartholomay (78) Director; Group Vice Chairman,
    Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. 1996 Peter C. Brown (48) Director; Chairman of the Board,
    Chief Executive Officer and President, AMC Entertainment Inc. 2005 Joseph A. Califano, Jr. (75) Director; Chairman and President,
    National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia
    University 2004 Ira S. Sheinfeld (69) Director; Attorney,
    Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. 1996 Robert J. Steele (53) Director; Vice
    President —  Strategy and Corporate Development, NAI 2006 Robert N. Waxman (70) Director; Principal, Corporate
    Finance Advisory 2003 Biographical
    Information on Nominees William C. Bartholomay joined our Board in
    1996.  Mr. Bartholomay was appointed Group Vice
    Chairman of Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. and Vice Chairman of its
    principal U.S. subsidiary, Willis North America, a global
    insurance broker, in August 2003. For more than five years prior
    to this appointment, Mr. Bartholomay served as President
    and a director of Near North National Group, insurance brokers
    in Chicago, Illinois. He is Chairman Emeritus of the board of
    the Atlanta Braves baseball team. Mr. Bartholomay was also
    a director of WMS Industries Inc. (“WMS”) until
    December 2005, also serving on its audit committee, and now
    serves WMS as Director Emeritus. Peter C. Brown joined our Board in
    2005.  Mr. Brown has been the Chairman of the
    board, Chief Executive Officer and President of AMC
    Entertainment Inc., a movie theatre company, since July 1999.
    Prior to that, Mr. Brown had served as the Chief Financial
    Officer of AMC since 1991. He is also the Co-Chairman of the
    board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of MovieTickets.com, Inc.,
    an Internet movie ticketing company, together with Shari E.
    Redstone. Joseph A. Califano, Jr. joined our Board in 2004.
    Since 1992, Mr. Califano has served as Chairman and
    President, National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at
    Columbia University. Mr. Califano is an adjunct professor
    of public health at Columbia University’s Medical School
    and School of Public Health, and a member of the Institute of
    Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences. Mr. Califano
    is a director of CBS Corporation (“CBS”) and
    Willis Group Holdings, Ltd. Mr. Califano served on the
    board of Viacom from 2003 until the split of Viacom and CBS in
    2005. Among other distinguished government positions,
    Mr. Califano served as Secretary, U.S. Department of
    Health, Education & Welfare from 1977 to 1979 and as
    President Lyndon Johnson’s chief domestic advisor from 1965
    to 1969. Mr. Califano is the author of eleven books. Kenneth D. Cron joined our Board in
    2004.  Mr. Cron served as interim Chief Executive
    Officer of Computer Associates International Inc., a management
    software company, from April 2004 to February 2005 4 Table of Contents and was also a director of Computer Associates International,
    Inc. From June 2001 to January 2004, Mr. Cron was Chairman
    and CEO of Vivendi Universal Games, Inc., a global leader in the
    publishing of online, PC and console-based interactive
    entertainment. Vivendi Universal Games is a division of Vivendi
    Universal, S.A. Shari E. Redstone joined our Board in
    2004.  Ms. Redstone has been President of
    National Amusements, Inc. since 2000 and served as Executive
    Vice President of NAI from 1994 to 2000. She is also a director
    of NAI. NAI, a closely held company, operates cinemas in the
    United States, the United Kingdom and Latin America and is also
    the controlling shareholder of Viacom and CBS. Ms. Redstone
    also serves as President of Sumco Inc., a company owned by NAI
    and Sumner M. Redstone. Ms. Redstone is Chairman and Chief
    Executive Officer of Rising Star Media, a company established in
    partnership with NAI to build luxury-style cinemas in Russia.
    Ms. Redstone is a member of the board of directors and
    Executive Committee for the National Association of Theatre
    Owners, Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of
    MovieTickets.com, Inc., and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    of CineBridge Ventures, Inc. Ms. Redstone is also the
    Non-Executive Vice-Chair of the board of directors of both
    Viacom and CBS. Ms. Redstone is the daughter of Sumner M.
    Redstone, our controlling stockholder. Ira S. Sheinfeld joined our Board in 1996.  He
    has been a partner of the law firm of Hogan & Hartson
    L.L.P., and its predecessor law firm, Squadron, Ellenoff,
    Plesent & Sheinfeld LLP, New York, New York for over
    five years. Mr. Sheinfeld is a director of WMS. Robert J. Steele joined our Board upon his election by
    our stockholders at the June 2006 annual meeting of
    stockholders. Mr. Steele has been Vice
    President — Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI
    since January 2004. From July 1997 to January 2004
    Mr. Steele provided business consulting services to a
    variety of clients and was a private investor. In addition, from
    1998 to 1999, Mr. Steele served as Chief Executive Officer
    of Adventure Entertainment, Inc. and from 2000 to 2001 he served
    as Chief Executive Officer of Spectrum Clubs Inc. From January
    1991 to June 1997, Mr. Steele served PepsiCo in various
    officer positions, including President of PepsiCo Restaurants
    Europe and President of PepsiCo Restaurants South Pacific. Robert N. Waxman, a CPA in public practice, joined our
    Board on December 31, 2003. Mr. Waxman has been a
    Principal of Corporate Finance Advisory, a New York-based
    accounting and consulting firm since 1992. Mr. Waxman was a
    partner of Deloitte & Touche LLP, an international
    accounting and consulting firm, where he served as National
    Director of SEC Practice and partner-in-charge of the Financial Services Programs, among other Executive and
    New York Practice Office positions. He was with
    Deloitte & Touche from 1962 to 1991. He serves on the
    editorial board of The CPA Journal, is an audit committee member
    of a large not-for-profit organization and was member of the board of directors of the New
    York State Society of CPAs from 2003 to 2006. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares of our common
    stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting is
    required to elect the directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” THE ABOVE
    NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS. 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE
    GOVERNANCE The Board
    of Directors Our Board of Directors is our ultimate decision-making body,
    responsible for overseeing our affairs, except with respect to
    those matters reserved to the stockholders by law or under our
    By-laws. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles
    and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, each of which can be
    viewed on our Internet website at www.investor.midway.com. These documents describe the
    responsibilities of our directors, the organization of our Board
    and other key corporate governance matters. We will provide a
    copy of these documents to stockholders, without charge, upon
    written request addressed to Midway Games Inc., 2704 West
    Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL 60618, Attention: Investor Relations. “Controlled Company” Exemptions. Our
    common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock
    Exchange. The listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange
    impose requirements on the board of directors and committees of
    listed issuers that include, among others, the following
    requirements: • A majority of the members of the board of directors must qualify
    as “independent” directors who have no material
    relationship with the issuer other than serving as a director
    and who meet the other requirements of independence set forth in
    Section 303A.02 of the listing standards of the New York
    Stock Exchange; • Issuers have a nominating and corporate governance committee (or
    committees that are responsible for each of these functions)
    composed entirely of independent directors; and • Issuers have a compensation committee composed entirely of
    independent directors. The New York Stock Exchange permits “controlled
    companies” to take advantage of exemptions from the above
    three requirements. For these purposes, a controlled company is
    a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by
    an individual, a group or another company. Since
    Mr. Redstone’s ownership of our common stock exceeds
    50%, we are a controlled company. However, our Board of
    Directors has determined that, at present, we will not elect to
    take advantage of any of the above exemptions from the New York
    Stock Exchange listing standards. Director Independence. It has been our policy,
    and unless we elect to rely on a controlled company exemption it
    is a requirement of the listing standards of the New York Stock
    Exchange, that a majority of the members of our Board must
    qualify as “independent” directors who have no
    material relationship with us, other than serving as a director.
    Our Board has adopted categorical standards to assist it in
    making independence determinations, as permitted by New York
    Stock Exchange rules. Under these standards, no director can
    qualify as independent unless the Board determines that the
    director has no material relationship with us directly or as an
    officer, shareholder or partner of an organization that has a
    relationship with us, and: • The director is not and has not been our employee for at least
    three years, and no member of the director’s immediate
    family is or has been our executive officer for at least three
    years; • The director has not received, and no member of his immediate
    family has received during any 12-month period in the last three years, more than $100,000 per year
    in direct compensation from us, other than director and
    committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred
    compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is
    not contingent in any way on continued service); • Neither the director nor any member of his immediate family
    (x) is a partner or employee of a firm that is our internal
    or external auditor or (y) was, within the last three
    years, a partner or employee of such a firm and personally
    worked on our audit within that time; • Neither the director nor any member of his immediate family has
    been employed within the last three years as an executive
    officer of another company where any of our present executive
    officers at the same time serves or served on that
    company’s compensation committee; and • A director is not an executive officer or an employee, and no
    member of his immediate family is an executive officer, of a
    company that in any of the last three fiscal years has made
    payments to, or 6 Table of Contents received payments from us for property or services in an amount
    which, in any such single fiscal year, exceeded the greater of
    $1 million, or 2% of such other company’s consolidated
    gross revenues. Our Board considered the following transactions that took place
    in 2006 with respect to its independence determinations. Transactions
    with Viacom and Affiliates Sumner M. Redstone, our controlling stockholder, is Chairman of
    the board and Chief Executive Officer of NAI. NAI is the parent
    company of both Viacom and CBS, a company spun off from Viacom
    late in 2005. Mr. Redstone also serves as Chairman of the
    board for both Viacom and CBS. Midway has historically conducted
    business with Viacom and companies affiliated with Viacom and
    Mr. Redstone. Mr. Redstone also is a controlling
    stockholder of Sumco, a corporation to which he transferred
    approximately 41% of his shares of our common stock in December
    2005 and an additional 50% of his direct holdings in February
    2007. Mr. Redstone’s total beneficial ownership of our
    common stock did not change as a result of this transaction. In addition, three members of our Board of Directors also serve
    as directors or executives for either NAI or companies that NAI
    controls. Shari E. Redstone (Mr. Redstone’s daughter)
    currently serves as President and a director of NAI, as well as
    Vice Chair of the board for both Viacom and CBS.
    Mr. Redstone also formed a new holding company late in
    2005, Sumco, which is owned jointly by both NAI and
    Mr. Redstone. Ms. Redstone also serves as President of
    Sumco. Also, Joseph A. Califano, Jr., a member of our Board
    of Directors, serves as a director of CBS. Mr. Califano
    also served as a director of Viacom from 2003 until the split of
    Viacom and CBS in 2005. Furthermore, Robert J. Steele, another
    member of our Board of Directors, serves as Vice
    President — Strategy and Corporate Development of NAI. During 2005, we announced a strategic relationship with MTV
    (“MTV”) Networks, a subsidiary of Viacom, to jointly
    market three video game titles, and collaborate on soundtrack
    development for two of these titles. Under the terms of the
    agreement, MTV has the option to provide us with varying levels
    of marketing and promotional support for these video games. We
    may then include various agreed-upon MTV properties and trademarks within the respective video games.
    Also, we will be required to then pay to MTV varying levels of
    marketing and production costs based upon the amount of support
    provided by MTV, as well as royalties from game sales based upon
    the amount of support provided by MTV and the number of units
    sold and profitability of the game. L.A. RUSH, initially
    released in October 2005, was the first of the three titles to
    be released under the relationship. Selling and marketing
    purchases from MTV totaled $460,000 in 2006. Royalties owed to
    MTV based upon game sales of L.A. RUSH totaled $125,000
    in 2006. At December 31, 2006, we had amounts outstanding
    of $125,000 due to MTV included in accounts payable. Selling and marketing expenses incurred from advertising
    purchases with other Viacom affiliates totaled $3,708,000 during
    2006. We also had amounts outstanding of $730,000 due to other
    Viacom affiliates included in accounts payable at
    December 31, 2006. Net revenues generated from Viacom
    affiliates totaled $13,000 over the same period. Amounts
    outstanding from Viacom affiliates totaled $13,000 at
    December 31, 2006. Transactions
    with Willis Group Holdings Limited William C. Bartholomay, a member of our Board of Directors, was
    President of Near North National Group, insurance brokers, which
    we retained to provide insurance brokerage services. He is
    currently Group Vice Chairman of Willis Group Holdings Limited
    and Vice Chairman of Willis North America Inc., insurance
    brokers which we retain to provide insurance brokerage services.
    We have retained these companies or their affiliates as
    insurance brokers and have paid premiums to obtain insurance
    placed by these brokers totaling in the aggregate $1,715,000,
    and $1,513,000 in 2006 and 2005, respectively. No amounts were
    owed to Willis Group Holdings Limited and affiliates or Near
    North National Group at December 31, 2006 or 2005. Our Board has determined that all of the existing members of our
    Board of Directors meet the categorical standards and are
    therefore independent directors. In addition, to be nominated
    for election to our Board, all director candidates must satisfy
    the qualification standards discussed below under the heading
    “Nominating Committee Policies.” 7 Table of Contents Board and Committee Meetings. During 2006, the
    Board held 22 meetings. Each director, other than Joseph A.
    Califano, Jr., attended at least 75% of the aggregate
    number of meetings of the Board and all committees on which he
    or she served during the year. Transactions
    with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control
    Persons Our Board has reserved the responsibility for the review of
    transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to
    Item 404(a) of the Securities and Exchange
    Commission’s Regulation S-K for itself or, in the case of proposed transactions between
    Midway and Mr. Redstone or any of his affiliated companies,
    has assigned such review to the Special Committee of Independent
    Directors. The Board’s and the committee’s policies
    and procedures in this regard are described in the following
    section under “— Special Committee of
    Independent Directors .” Committees
    of the Board of Directors To assist it in carrying out its duties, the Board has delegated
    specific authority to several committees. In addition, our
    directors, none of whom are members of management, hold regular
    executive sessions without management being present.
    Mr. Cron, the Chairman of our Board, presides at these
    sessions. We have the following standing committees of the Board: Audit
    Committee, Nominating Committee, Corporate Governance Committee,
    Compensation Committee and Special Committee of Independent
    Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that all of the
    members of these committees are “independent”
    directors as that term is defined under the New York Stock
    Exchange listing standards. The Audit Committee is established in accordance with
    section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended, and is composed of three independent directors (as
    independence is defined in the New York Stock Exchange listing
    standards and Securities and Exchange Commission rules):
    Messrs. Waxman (Chairman), Brown and Steele. The Board has
    determined that Messrs. Brown and Waxman are each an audit
    committee “financial expert” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 407(d)(5)(ii). In addition, each member of our Audit
    Committee is financially literate, in the Board’s
    determination, and satisfies the definition of
    “independence” required of audit committee members
    under the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and
    Securities and Exchange Commission rules. This committee meets periodically with the independent auditors
    and internal personnel to review and evaluate (1) the
    external auditor’s qualifications, performance and
    independence; (2) the scope of the audit including the
    approval of audit fees and all permitted non-audit fees and
    services; (3) the performance of the internal audit
    function; (4) the Company’s financial statements,
    financial disclosures and accounting principles and policies;
    (5) the Company’s internal control over financial
    reporting; and (6) the monitoring of compliance with legal
    and regulatory requirements. The report of this committee is set
    forth later in this proxy statement. During 2006, this committee
    held 7 meetings. The Nominating Committee is composed of three independent
    directors: Ms. Redstone (Chairwoman), Mr. Califano and
    Mr. Cron. This committee identifies and evaluates
    individuals qualified to become Board members, including those
    recommended by stockholders, and recommends the nomination of
    candidates for election to the Board, as discussed in greater
    detail below. This committee also recommends nominees for
    appointment to the various committees. During 2006, this
    committee held 1 meeting. The Corporate Governance Committee is composed of three
    independent directors: Mr. Sheinfeld (Chairman),
    Mr. Califano and Ms. Redstone. This committee makes
    recommendations regarding corporate governance policies and
    procedures and Board organization and oversees the annual
    evaluation of the Board and management. During 2006, this
    committee held 1 meeting. The Compensation Committee is composed of four
    independent directors who are also outside directors under
    Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986:
    Mr. Bartholomay (Chairman), Mr. Califano,
    Mr. Cron and Ms. Redstone. This committee
    (1) reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives
    relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and
    our other senior officers; (2) reviews periodically the
    succession plans relating to the Chief Executive Officer and the
    other senior officers; (3) evaluates the Chief 8 Table of Contents Executive Officer’s performance and, either as a committee
    or together with other independent directors, determines the
    compensation of the Chief Executive Officer; (4) makes
    recommendations to the Board with respect to compensation of the
    other senior officers; (5) administers, approves and
    ratifies awards under our stock option, incentive-compensation
    and other benefit plans, including determining the timing,
    pricing and amount of grants and awards to be made under the
    provisions of our compensation plans; and (6) revises
    executive employment agreements. The Compensation Committee may
    delegate its authority to the full extent permitted by Delaware
    law. The report of this committee is set forth later in this
    proxy statement. During 2006, this committee held 2 meetings. Special Committee of Independent Directors. On
    September 14, 2004, the Board established a special
    committee of independent directors to consider any proposed
    transactions between Midway and Mr. Redstone or any of his
    affiliated companies. The committee members are
    Messrs. Cron (Chairman), Bartholomay and Waxman. During
    2006, this committee held 6 meetings. The committee or the Board is also responsible for considering
    proposed transactions between Midway and related persons that
    may be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of
    the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Regulation S-K. Potential related person transactions are identified based on
    information provided by our officers and directors and submitted
    to the committee for review. They may include ordinary course of
    business transactions, such as those between Midway and NAI or
    Midway and subsidiaries of Viacom, or may involve proposals
    regarding material corporate transactions. The committee or the
    Board, as the case may be, takes into account all relevant
    considerations in deciding whether to approve a related party
    transaction, including the approximate dollar amount involved,
    the nature of the interest of the related person, whether such
    proposed transactions are in the ordinary course of business and/or subject to usual trade terms and the purpose of the transaction
    and any potential benefits to Midway. The committee’s or
    the Board’s policies and procedures for the review,
    approval or ratification of any such transaction are not in
    writing but are evidenced by practice of the committee or the
    Board, as the case may be, in its minutes. Committee Charters. The Board has adopted a
    written charter for each of the Audit Committee, Nominating
    Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation
    Committee,each of which is available on our website at www.investor.midway.com. Additional copies of the
    charters are available in print without charge to any of our
    stockholders requesting such information by contacting us at:
    Midway Games Inc., 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL
    60618, Attention: Investor Relations. Nominating
    Committee Policies Our Nominating Committee charter is available on our website at www.investor.midway.com. It describes the
    authority and responsibilities of the committee and its process
    for identifying director candidates as well as other policies
    and procedures. The
    Process of Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for
    Directors Our Nominating Committee identifies and evaluates director
    candidates and recommends the selection of nominees to our Board
    of Directors. The Board then considers the recommendation and
    selects the nominees. In recommending candidates for nomination
    for election to the Board at our annual meetings of
    stockholders, the Nominating Committee begins by determining
    whether the incumbent directors, whose terms expire at the
    meeting, desire and are qualified to continue their service on
    the Board and evaluates their performance on the Board. We are
    of the view that the continuing service of qualified incumbents
    promotes stability and continuity in the boardroom, giving us
    the benefit of the familiarity and insight into our affairs that
    our directors have accumulated during their tenure, while
    contributing to the Board’s ability to work as a collective
    body. If there are new Board positions or vacancies on the Board, the
    Nominating Committee will solicit recommendations for nominees
    from persons whom the Nominating Committee believes are likely
    to be familiar with qualified candidates, including members of
    the Board and senior management. The Nominating Committee may
    also engage a search firm to assist in identifying qualified
    candidates. The Nominating Committee will review and evaluate
    each candidate whom it believes merits serious consideration,
    taking into account all available information concerning the
    candidate, the qualifications for Board membership 9 Table of Contents established by the Nominating Committee, the existing
    composition and mix of talent and expertise on the Board and
    other factors that it deems relevant. In conducting its review
    and evaluation, the Nominating Committee may solicit the views
    of management and other members of the Board and may, if deemed
    helpful, conduct interviews of proposed candidates. The Nominating Committee will evaluate candidates recommended by
    stockholders in the same manner as candidates recommended by
    other persons, except that the Nominating Committee may
    consider, as one of the factors in its evaluation of
    stockholder-recommended candidates, the size and duration of the
    interest of the recommending stockholder or stockholder group in
    our equity securities. Qualifications
    of Directors Our policy is generally to require that all candidates for
    director be persons of integrity and sound ethical character and
    judgment, have no interests that materially conflict with ours
    or those of our stockholders generally, have meaningful
    business, governmental or technical experience and acumen and
    have adequate time to devote to service on the Board. We have
    also required that a majority of directors be independent; at
    least three of the directors must have the financial literacy
    and special independence qualifications necessary for service on
    the Audit Committee, and at least one of these directors must
    qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Stockholder
    Recommendation of Candidates for Election as
    Directors The Nominating Committee will consider recommendations for
    director nominations submitted by stockholders that individually
    or as a group have beneficial ownership of at least 3% of our
    common stock and have had such ownership for at least one year.
    Submissions must be made in accordance with the committee’s
    procedures, as outlined below and set forth in Appendix A to this proxy statement. For each annual
    meeting of our stockholders, the Nominating Committee will
    accept for consideration only one recommendation from any
    stockholder or affiliated group of stockholders. The committee
    waives this requirement with respect to Mr. Redstone, NAI
    and Sumco in view of their majority ownership of our common
    stock. The Nominating Committee will only consider candidates
    who satisfy our minimum qualifications for director, as outlined
    above. Procedures
    for Stockholder Submission of Nominating
    Recommendations A stockholder wishing to recommend to the Nominating Committee a
    candidate for election as director must submit the
    recommendation in writing, addressed to the committee
    c/o our corporate secretary at 2704 West Roscoe
    Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618. Submissions recommending
    candidates for election at an annual meeting of stockholders
    must be received no later than 120 calendar days prior to the
    first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the
    prior annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that the date
    of the next annual meeting of stockholders is more than
    30 days following or preceding the first anniversary date
    of the annual meeting of stockholders for the prior year, the
    submission must be made a reasonable time in advance of the
    mailing of our next annual proxy statement. Each nominating
    recommendation must be accompanied by the information called for
    by our “Procedures for Stockholders Submitting Nominating
    Recommendations,” which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. This includes specified information
    concerning the stockholder or group of stockholders making the
    recommendation, the proposed nominee, relationships between the
    recommending stockholder and the proposed nominee and the
    qualifications of the proposed nominee to serve as director,
    describing the contributions that the nominee would be expected
    to make to the Board. The recommendation must also be
    accompanied by the consent of the proposed nominee to serve if
    nominated and the agreement of the nominee to be interviewed by
    the Nominating Committee, if the Nominating Committee decides in
    its discretion to do so. 10 Table of Contents Selection
    of 2007 Nominees All of the nominees listed on the accompanying proxy card are
    currently serving on our Board and are standing for re-election.
    We did not receive any recommendations from stockholders for
    nominees that are required to be identified in this proxy
    statement. Stockholder
    Communications with Directors Stockholders may communicate with our Board of Directors, any
    committee of the Board or any individual director, and any
    interested party may communicate with our Chairman of the Board
    or the non-management directors of the Board, by following the
    procedures set forth below. Our acceptance and forwarding of
    communications to the directors does not imply that the
    directors owe or assume duties to persons submitting the
    communications, the duties of the directors being only those
    prescribed by applicable law, our By-laws or our policies
    adopted by the Board. All communications should be delivered either in writing
    c/o Legal Department, Midway Games Inc., at 2704 West
    Roscoe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618; or by e-mail to
    ir@midway.com. All communications must be accompanied by the
    following information: • if the person submitting the communication is a stockholder, a
    statement of the type and amount of our securities that the
    person holds; • if the person submitting the communication is not a stockholder
    and is submitting the communication to our Chairman of the Board
    or to our non-management directors as an interested party, the
    nature of the person’s interest in us; • any special interest, meaning an interest not in the capacity as
    a stockholder of ours, of each person in the subject matter of
    the communication; and • the address, telephone number and any e-mail address of the person submitting the communication. It is not appropriate to send, and we may decline to forward,
    the following types of communications to directors: • communications regarding individual grievances or other
    interests that are personal to the party submitting the
    communication and could not reasonably be construed to be of
    concern to our stockholders or other constituencies generally; • communications that advocate our engaging in illegal activities; • communications that, under community standards, contain
    offensive, scurrilous or abusive content; and • advertisements, solicitations, form letters and communications
    that have no reasonable relevance to our business or operations. All communications that comply with the requirements that are
    described here will be relayed to the person or persons to whom
    they are addressed. Communications addressed to directors may,
    at the direction of the addressees, be shared with our
    management. Director
    Attendance at Annual Meetings Each of our directors is expected to be present at our annual
    meetings of stockholders, absent exigent circumstances that
    prevent his or her attendance. Where a director is unable to
    attend an annual meeting in person but is able to do so by
    electronic conferencing, we will arrange for the director’s
    participation by means where the director can hear, and be
    heard, by those present at the meeting. At last year’s
    annual meeting, six of our seven directors attended in person
    and our director-nominee attended in person. 11 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
    OFFICERS The following individuals were elected to serve in the
    capacities set forth below until the 2007 Annual Meeting of the
    Board of Directors and until their respective successors are
    elected and shall qualify. Name Age Position David F. Zucker 44 President and Chief Executive
    Officer Thomas E. Powell 45 Executive Vice
    President — Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer Steven M. Allison 39 Senior Vice President —
    Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer Matthew V. Booty 41 Senior Vice President —
    Worldwide Studios Deborah K. Fulton 43 Senior Vice President, Secretary
    and General Counsel James R. Boyle 42 Vice President —
    Finance, Controller, Assistant Treasurer and Chief Accounting
    Officer Miguel Iribarren 41 Vice President —
    Publishing Biographical
    Information David F. Zucker has been our President and Chief
    Executive Officer since May 6, 2003. Prior to that, he was
    President and Chief Operating Officer of Playboy Enterprises,
    Inc., a men’s lifestyle and adult entertainment company,
    from July 2002 to May 2003. From October 2000 to June 2002, he
    was President and Chief Executive Officer of Skillgames, LLC,
    and Managing Director of Walker Digital, LLC, online “pay
    for play” games companies. From February 1999 to September
    2000, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Diva
    Systems Corporation, an interactive television and information
    technology company. From 1988 to 1999, Mr. Zucker served in
    a number of executive positions for The Walt Disney Company, a
    global entertainment company, including Executive Publisher of Travel Agent Magazine; Manager of Current Series for ABC
    Television; Vice President of Programming for ESPN; and
    Executive Vice President of ESPN, Inc. and the Managing Director
    of ESPN International, Inc. Thomas E. Powell joined us as Executive Vice
    President — Finance and Treasurer on April 9,
    2001. In September 2001, he became our Executive Vice
    President — Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial
    Officer. From 1997 to February 2001, Mr. Powell was
    employed by Dade Behring, Inc., a manufacturer of medical
    equipment, serving most recently as Vice President of Corporate
    Business Development and Strategic Planning and previously as
    the Vice-President — Finance for the Biology Products
    Group. Prior to Dade Behring, Mr. Powell held a number of
    finance and strategy positions with Frito-Lay, a division of
    PepsiCo, Inc., Bain & Company Consultants, Tenneco Inc.
    and Arthur Andersen & Company. Steven M. Allison joined us as Senior Vice
    President — Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer on
    December 22, 2003. Prior to joining us, he was Vice
    President of Marketing and Business Development,
    Atari/Infogrames, a publisher, developer and distributor of
    video game software, from December 2001 to December 2003. Prior
    to that, he served as Infogrames’ Vice President of New
    Business Development and Production Content, from 2000 to
    December 2001, Vice President of Licensing and Product Planning
    from 1999 to 2000, and Director of Product Marketing in 1999. Matthew V. Booty has served as our Senior Vice
    President — Worldwide Studios since June 6, 2005.
    Prior to that, he served as our Senior Vice
    President — Product Development since June 2004, and
    since June 1999, he served our wholly-owned subsidiary, Midway
    Amusement Games, LLC in various capacities in its product
    development organization, ultimately being promoted to Vice
    President — Product Development in June 2002. Deborah K. Fulton has served as our Senior Vice
    President, Secretary and General Counsel since January 30,
    2002. She served us as Vice President, Secretary and General
    Counsel from May 2000 to January 2002. She was employed by us as
    Senior Counsel from 1998 until May 2000 and by WMS as Senior
    Counsel 12 Table of Contents from 1994 to 1998. Formerly, she was employed by the law firm of
    Gardner Carton & Douglas from 1988 until 1994. James R. Boyle was appointed to the position of Vice
    President — Finance, Controller and Assistant
    Treasurer on March 10, 2005. Mr. Boyle also serves as
    our Principal Accounting Officer. Prior to that, he had been our
    Vice President — Finance and Assistant Treasurer since
    January 2002. Mr. Boyle was a senior manager at
    PricewaterhouseCoopers from July 2001 to January 2002. From 1998
    to July 2001, Mr. Boyle was a manager at
    PricewaterhouseCoopers. Miguel Iribarren has served as our Vice
    President — Publishing since July 13, 2005. He
    served us as Vice President, Corporate Communications and
    Strategic Planning from February 2002 to July 2005. Prior to
    joining Midway, Mr. Iribarren was a Vice President,
    Research for Wedbush Morgan Securities. At Wedbush, where he was
    employed from May 2000 to February 2002, Mr. Iribarren was
    responsible for research on the interactive entertainment
    industry. From 1994 to May 2000, Mr. Iribarren was employed
    by the Atlantic Richfield Corporation, an oil and gas company,
    in various finance and planning positions, ultimately serving as
    Manager, Corporate Finance. Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis Overview
    of the Objectives and Philosophy of the Compensation Program for
    our Named Executive Officers The Compensation Committee, either as a committee or together
    with other independent directors as directed by the Board of
    Directors, is responsible for determining the compensation of
    the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and for making
    recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the
    compensation of the Company’s other executive officers.
    This Compensation Discussion and Analysis discusses the
    compensation program for the Company’s Chief Executive
    Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the three most
    highly-compensated executive officers other than the Chief
    Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the “Named
    Executive Officers”). The Company’s compensation philosophy and program is
    designed to provide attractive compensation packages to the
    Named Executive Officers so as to motivate them to devote their
    full energies to the Company’s business, to reward them for
    their services and to align the interests of the Named Executive
    Officers with the interests of stockholders. The Company’s
    compensation philosophy weighs the financial performance of the
    Company as a significant factor in the determination of
    compensation packages to the Named Executive Officers. The
    Company’s Named Executive Officer compensation packages are
    composed primarily of base salaries, annual discretionary cash
    bonuses, stock options and other equity awards, a 401(k) defined
    contribution plan and other benefits and, in the case of
    Mr. Zucker, a bonus on the terms provided for in his
    employment agreement. In establishing compensation levels,
    compensation paid by our principal competitors is considered to
    help us generally determine the competitiveness of the
    compensation package in relation to the interactive
    entertainment software industry in which we compete. Our
    principal competitors include Activision, Inc., Electronic Arts,
    THQ Inc. and Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Elements
    of our Compensation Program Salary In general, the level of base salary is intended to provide
    appropriate basic pay to the Named Executive Officers taking
    into account their historical contributions to our business,
    each person’s unique education, skills and value, the
    recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer and the
    competitive marketplace for executive talent. In view of the
    fact that the Company was not profitable in 2006, no raises were
    given to the Named Executive Officers during 2006. Salaries paid
    to the Named Executive Officers during 2006 are reflected in the
    Summary Compensation Table. 13 Table of Contents Cash
    Bonus The amount of any discretionary bonus is subjective but is
    generally based on the Company’s actual financial
    performance in the preceding year, the special contribution of
    the executive to this performance and the overall level of the
    executive’s compensation including other elements of the
    compensation package. The bonus under Mr. Zucker’s
    employment agreement is likewise designed to give effect to one
    or more of these factors, but weighs the financial performance
    of the Company as a significant factor in the determination of
    any bonus. Our Named Executive Officers other than Mr. Zucker are
    eligible for participation in the Amended and Restated Midway
    Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of his employment
    agreement, Mr. Zucker is not entitled to participate in
    this plan. The plan offers participants the opportunity to
    receive bonuses based on a combination of the following factors:
    (1) a percentage of each participant’s base salary
    determined by management; (2) the achievement of targets
    set by management for our financial performance; and
    (3) management’s evaluation of the degree to which a
    participant meets individual performance goals. The financial
    performance targets for 2006 were based upon Midway’s net
    income for the year as stated in Midway’s audited
    consolidated financial statements for such period, but excluding
    unusual and non-recurring or extraordinary items (net of any
    related tax effects) as determined by management. Even if Midway
    does not meet financial performance targets for years after
    2005, participants in this plan may receive part of their bonus
    based on achieving their individual performance goals. The
    Compensation Committee approves the payment of any bonuses
    pursuant to the plan and the Board approves the payment of any
    bonus under Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement. In view of the fact that the Company was not profitable in 2006,
    Mr. Zucker did not receive a bonus under his employment
    agreement, no bonuses were awarded to the Named Executive
    Officers under the plan and no discretionary bonuses were
    awarded to them during 2006. Equity
    Awards Generally, the Compensation Committee determines the size of
    equity awards granted to the Named Executive Officers on an
    individual, discretionary basis in consideration of financial
    corporate results and each recipient’s performance,
    contributions and responsibilities without assigning specific
    weight to any of these factors. Stock options have been used upon hire of a Named Executive
    Officer. Stock options increase in value only if the
    Company’s common stock increases in value, terminate a
    short time after a Named Executive Officer leaves the employ of
    the Company, and therefore can be effective as a means of
    long-term incentive compensation. On October 6, 2005, we granted shares of performance-based
    restricted stock to the Named Executive Officers. The restricted
    stock was issued under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the
    “2005 Plan”) and was granted to the Named Executive
    Officers as an incentive to achieve certain financial
    performance targets based on the Company’s operating income
    for the year ending December 31, 2007. The restricted stock
    is restricted as to transfer until the date we file our Annual
    Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2007 with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission. The restrictions may lapse on such date
    as to 50% of the shares upon the achievement of the first
    threshold of operating income (with the remaining 50% of the
    shares forfeited) or as to 100% of the shares upon full
    achievement of the operating income target. Further, all of the
    restricted stock may be forfeited on such date if the first
    threshold of operating income is not achieved for the year
    ending December 31, 2007. Since the grant is based on the
    achievement of certain financial performance targets for the
    year ending December 31, 2007, the restricted stock also
    will be forfeited if we cease to be subject to the reporting
    obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, upon
    certain changes in control or upon termination of employment of
    the person holding such restricted stock. As of April 16,
    2007, the achievement of the 2007 financial targets is not
    deemed probable. 14 Table of Contents Since the restricted stock granted on October 6, 2005 is
    designed as an incentive to encourage management to achieve
    certain operating income for the year ending December 31,
    2007, no additional equity awards were made to the Named
    Executive Officers in 2006. Perquisites
    and Other Benefits Neither the Named Executive Officers nor the Company’s
    employees are entitled to participate in any pension
    arrangements or receive any post-retirement health coverage or
    similar benefits. The Named Executive Officers are entitled to
    participate in the Company’s 401(k) defined contribution
    plan but do not receive matching contributions from the Company. Messrs. Zucker, Powell, Booty and Iribarren and their
    dependants are entitled to participate in the Company’s
    Exec-U-Care supplemental health insurance program, which
    provides reimbursement for out-of-pocket medically necessary expenses not covered under the
    Company’s standard health insurance coverage. Exec-U-Care
    reimbursement is subject to annual limits for the same or
    related diagnoses and a lifetime maximum of $250,000 per
    person. The Company ceased offering Exec-U-Care to its
    newly-hired officers in February 2003; consequently,
    Mr. Allison, who joined the company in December 2003, is
    not eligible to participate in Exec-U-Care. No other perquisites
    are available to the Named Executive Officers. Change of
    Control Payments Messrs. Zucker, Powell and Iribarren are entitled to
    receive payments pursuant to specific change of control
    situations, which are more fully described under
    “Termination and Change of Control Arrangements”.
    These payments are designed to motivate Messrs. Zucker,
    Powell and Iribarren to devote their full energies to the
    Company’s business. The amount of payment and selected
    triggering events were determined in accordance with the
    Company’s past practice of providing similar benefits to
    other executives with similar titles, responsibilities and
    reporting relationships. Compensation
    Consultant The Compensation Committee used the services of an outside
    consultant, Pearl Meyer & Partners, to determine the
    number of restricted stock grants awarded to the Named Executive
    Officers on October 6, 2005 and the performance
    requirements related to those awards. The total grant to all
    members of management was determined by calculating
    approximately 1/3 of 2% of the outstanding shares of the Company
    at September 1, 2005. Specific grants to the Named
    Executive Officers were based on their individual titles,
    responsibilities and reporting relationship as compared to the
    other members of management who received awards on
    October 6, 2005. The performance requirements related to
    the awards, which continue through December 31, 2007, are
    described more fully under “Equity Awards”. Neither Pearl Meyer & Partners nor any other
    compensation consultant provided services with respect to Named
    Executive Officer compensation during 2006. Tax
    Considerations The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (the “Budget
    Act”) generally provides that publicly-held corporations
    will only be able to deduct, for income tax purposes,
    compensation paid to the Named Executive Officers in excess of
    one million dollars per year if it is paid pursuant to
    qualifying performance-based compensation plans approved by
    stockholders. Compensation as defined by the Budget Act
    includes, among other things, base salary, incentive
    compensation and gains on stock option transactions. Total
    compensation of some of our officers may be paid under plans or
    agreements that have not been approved by stockholders and may
    exceed one million dollars in a particular year. We will not be
    able to deduct these excess payments for income tax purposes.
    The Compensation Committee intends to consider, on a case by
    case basis, how the Budget Act will affect our compensation
    plans and contractual and discretionary cash compensation,
    taking into account, among other matters, our substantial net
    operating loss carryforwards. 15 Table of Contents Summary
    Compensation Table The Summary Compensation Table below sets forth the compensation
    earned during the year ended December 31, 2006 by our Named
    Executive Officers. The Company has not entered into any
    employment agreements with the Named Executed Officers other
    than David F. Zucker, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
    Mr. Zucker’s compensation arrangements, including
    stock option grants and restricted stock awards, are provided
    for under his employment agreement and stock option agreement,
    both dated May 6, 2003. Mr. Zucker’s employment
    agreement was negotiated at arm’s length by the
    Compensation Committee. Among other matters, in negotiating this
    agreement, the compensation levels of chief executives at the
    Company’s principal competitors were considered. The
    agreement had an initial term of two years expiring May 6,
    2005, and automatically renews thereafter for successive one
    year periods until terminated. Mr. Zucker’s equity
    grants under his employment and stock option agreements are
    described more fully at “Outstanding Equity Awards at
    Fiscal Year-End”. The Named Executive Officers were not entitled to receive any
    payments that would be characterized as “Bonus”
    payments for the year ended December 31, 2006, nor were
    they awarded any stock or option awards. 2006
    SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Change in Pension Value and Non-Equity Nonqualified Stock Option Incentive Plan Deferred All Other Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total Name and Principal Position Year ($) ($) ($)(1) ($)(1) ($) ($) ($)(2) ($) David F. Zucker 2006 600,193 — 49,583 2,451,919 — — 11,915 3,113,610 President and Chief Executive Officer (PEO) Thomas E. Powell 2006 322,271 — — 24,358 — — 5,838 352,467 Executive Vice President — Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (PFO) Steven M. Allison 2006 290,000 — — 53,799 — — — 343,799 Senior Vice President — Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer Matthew V. Booty 2006 342,121 — — 84,281 — — 7,043 433,445 Senior Vice President — Worldwide Studios Miguel Iribarren 2006 240,195 — — 24,463 — — 7,113 271,771 Vice President Publishing (1) Represents fair value of awards recognized as compensation cost
    during the year over the respective vesting periods of the
    awards. See discussion of Midway’s valuation procedures and
    fair value assumptions for stock option awards at Note 12
    to the consolidated financial statements. (2) Represents payments made under our Exec-U-Care supplemental
    health insurance program. Grants Of
    Plan-Based Awards During the year ended December 31, 2006, no non-equity
    incentive plan or equity-based awards were given to the Named
    Executive Officers. Outstanding
    Equity Awards At Year-End On May 6, 2003, Mr. Zucker was granted ten-year
    non-qualified options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of our
    common stock at an exercise price of $3.57 per share and
    was issued 125,000 restricted shares of our common stock. The
    option covering 1,000,000 shares out of the 1,500,000 is
    subject to the terms of a stock option agreement dated
    May 6, 2003 and provides that the option may be exercised
    for up to 62,500 shares on or after November 1, 2004
    and the remaining 937,500 shares become exercisable in ten
    equal quarterly 16 Table of Contents installments on the first day of each February, May, August and
    November thereafter. The option agreement also provides that
    whenever we issued additional shares of our common stock prior
    to May 6, 2005, we would grant him an additional option
    (the “Additional Options”) to purchase shares of our
    common stock in an amount (a) equal to 3.23% of the shares
    so issued prior to May 6, 2004, and (b) after
    May 6, 2004 and until May 6, 2005, equal to the
    percentage of the shares so issued (but not to exceed 3.23%)
    determined by dividing (i) the number of shares then
    issuable under unexercised options held by Mr. Zucker
    immediately prior to the issuance by (ii) the number of
    outstanding shares of common stock immediately prior to the
    issuance. In each case, the exercise price of each Additional
    Option was at the closing price of our common stock on the date
    of issuance of the option. In no event, however could the shares
    subject to Additional Options exceed 2,250,000. The Additional
    Options were subject to the same vesting schedule as the option
    to purchase 1,000,000 shares. Through the May 6, 2005
    term date of his option agreement, we issued options to
    Mr. Zucker to purchase up to 1,177,589 shares at
    exercise prices ranging from $2.92 per share to
    $12.85 per share under this provision. No additional
    options have been or will be issued to Mr. Zucker pursuant
    to this provision after May 6, 2005. The option with
    respect to the other 500,000 shares is subject to the 2005
    Plan and is fully exercisable. The 125,000 restricted shares
    were issued under an agreement dated May 6, 2003, as
    amended. All 125,000 shares issued under this agreement
    have now vested. The Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table below
    sets forth all outstanding equity awards at December 31,
    2006 for our Named Executive Officers. 2006
    OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Market Number of Market or Awards: Number Value of Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Shares or Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Units of Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Stock That Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Have Not Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Vested Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 188,347 37,621 — 2.92 5/5/2013 — — 90,000 628,200 900,357 187,500 — 3.57 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,355 337 — 6.27 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,460 209 — 6.53 5/5/2013 — — — — 95 14 — 6.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 413 59 — 6.70 5/5/2013 — — — — 599 86 — 7.25 5/5/2013 — — — — 350 49 — 7.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 151 22 — 7.75 5/5/2013 — — — — 47 7 — 8.10 5/5/2013 — — — — 61,774 30,887 — 8.12 5/5/2013 — — — — 29,877 14,939 — 8.30 5/5/2013 — — — — 519 75 — 8.30 5/5/2013 — — — — 271 39 — 8.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 564 81 — 8.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,876 269 — 9.10 5/5/2013 — — — — 68 10 — 9.11 5/5/2013 — — — — 6,961 995 — 9.21 5/5/2013 — — — — 345 50 — 9.29 5/5/2013 — — — — 28 4 — 9.36 5/5/2013 — — — — 288 42 — 9.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 23 4 — 9.39 5/5/2013 — — — — 933 134 — 9.42 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,724 247 — 9.49 5/5/2013 — — — — 48 7 — 9.57 5/5/2013 — — — — 17 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Market Number of Market or Awards: Number Value of Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Shares or Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Units of Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Stock That Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Have Not Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Vested Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 108 16 — 9.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 18 3 — 9.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 294 42 — 9.91 5/5/2013 — — — — 7,541 3,771 — 10.00 5/5/2013 — — — — 381 55 — 10.03 5/5/2013 — — — — 8,057 3,846 — 10.06 5/5/2013 — — — — 805 117 — 10.13 5/5/2013 — — — — 602 86 — 10.14 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,840 264 — 10.15 5/5/2013 — — — — 323 47 — 10.19 5/5/2013 — — — — 66 10 — 10.20 5/5/2013 — — — — 9,144 1,307 — 10.21 5/5/2013 — — — — 13,727 1,962 — 10.22 5/5/2013 — — — — 5 1 — 10.26 5/5/2013 — — — — 10,805 1,544 — 10.36 5/5/2013 — — — — 28 5 — 10.38 5/5/2013 — — — — 60 9 — 10.39 5/5/2013 — — — — 53 8 — 10.40 5/5/2013 — — — — 249 36 — 10.42 5/5/2013 — — — — 16 3 — 10.45 5/5/2013 — — — — 60 9 — 10.46 5/5/2013 — — — — 198 29 — 10.50 5/5/2013 — — — — 602 86 — 10.52 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,163 167 — 10.54 5/5/2013 — — — — 104 15 — 10.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,148 307 — 10.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 166 24 — 10.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 72 11 — 10.64 5/5/2013 — — — — 52 8 — 10.72 5/5/2013 — — — — 7,878 3,940 — 10.74 5/5/2013 — — — — 42 6 — 10.78 5/5/2013 — — — — 43 7 — 10.82 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,128 305 — 10.84 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,423 347 — 10.85 5/5/2013 — — — — 14,352 2,051 — 10.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 18 3 — 10.91 5/5/2013 — — — — 602 86 — 10.96 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,758 395 — 11.16 5/5/2013 — — — — 48 7 — 11.28 5/5/2013 — — — — 34 5 — 11.29 5/5/2013 — — — — 3,922 561 — 11.32 5/5/2013 — — — — 23,617 11,809 — 11.43 5/5/2013 — — — — 7,310 3,656 — 11.46 5/5/2013 — — — — 22 4 — 11.49 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,176 169 — 11.52 5/5/2013 — — — — 120 18 — 11.54 5/5/2013 — — — — 54,268 7,753 — 11.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 523 75 — 11.60 5/5/2013 — — — — 18 Table of Contents Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Equity Plan Incentive Plan Incentive Awards: Awards: Plan Market Number of Market or Awards: Number Value of Unearned Payout Value Number of Number of Number of of Shares Shares or Shares, of Unearned Securities Securities Securities or Units Units of Units or Shares, Units Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Stock That Other or Other Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option That Have Not Rights That Rights That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Option Have Not Vested Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options Price ($) Expiration Date Vested (#) ($) Vested (#) Vested ($)(1) David F. Zucker 12,970 6,486 — 11.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 144 21 — 11.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 665 96 — 11.66 5/5/2013 — — — — 446 65 — 11.75 5/5/2013 — — — — 222 33 — 11.79 5/5/2013 — — — — 276 40 — 11.80 5/5/2013 — — — — 90 13 — 11.83 5/5/2013 — — — — 76 11 — 11.86 5/5/2013 — — — — 12 2 — 11.87 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,249 179 — 11.89 5/5/2013 — — — — 10,215 1,461 — 11.90 5/5/2013 — — — — 185 27 — 11.98 5/5/2013 — — — — 29 5 — 11.99 5/5/2013 — — — — 97 14 — 12.03 5/5/2013 — — — — 796 114 — 12.06 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,737 391 — 12.20 5/5/2013 — — — — 96 14 — 12.25 5/5/2013 — — — — 483 69 — 12.33 5/5/2013 — — — — 829 119 — 12.40 5/5/2013 — — — — 390 56 — 12.41 5/5/2013 — — — — 327 47 — 12.45 5/5/2013 — — — — 90 13 — 12.53 5/5/2013 — — — — 1,105 158 — 12.55 5/5/2013 — — — — 2,223 318 — 12.58 5/5/2013 — — — — 580 83 — 12.59 5/5/2013 — — — — 5,192 742 — 12.61 5/5/2013 — — — — 4,968 710 — 12.63 5/5/2013 — — — — 7,796 3,899 — 12.65 5/5/2013 — — — — 5,204 744 — 12.70 5/5/2013 — — — — 991 142 — 12.85 5/5/2013 — — — — Thomas E. Powell 12,500 12,500 — 2.35 8/12/2013 — — 45,000 314,100 10,000 — — 13.70 1/14/2012 — — — — Steven M. Allison 21,250 21,250 — 3.72 12/21/2013 — — 45,000 314,100 Matthew V. Booty 50,000 — — 9.89 6/4/2012 — — 45,000 314,100 37,500 12,500 — 2.35 8/12/2013 — — — — 5,000 — — 20.00 5/8/2007 — — — — 1,125 — — 6.50 10/31/2010 — — — — Miguel Iribarren 22,500 7,500 — 2.35 8/12/2013 — — 30,000 209,400 35,000 — — 10.78 2/13/2012 — — — — (1) Based on the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on
    December 29, 2006, which was $6.98 per share. 19 Table of Contents Option
    Exercises and Stock Vested The Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table below sets forth all
    such award activity during the year ended December 31, 2006
    for our Named Executive Officers. 2006
    OPTION EXERCISES and STOCK VESTED Option Awards Stock Awards Number of Value Number of Shares Realized on Shares Acquired Value Realized Acquired on Vesting Name on Exercise (#) on Exercise ($) Vesting (#) ($) David F. Zucker 200,000 2,611,774 72,918 725,534 Thomas E. Powell — — — — Steven M. Allison — — — — Matthew V. Booty — — — — Miguel Iribarren — — — — Potential
    Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control Post-Employment
    Compensation Each of the Named Executive Officers, other than David Zucker,
    is an employee-at-will and as such does not have an employment agreement with us.
    Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement is described more
    fully under “Summary Compensation Table” and
    “Termination and Change of Control Arrangements”. We
    do not provide pension arrangements, post-retirement health
    coverage, nonqualified deferred compensation, or other
    post-employment benefits to our Named Executive Officers, except
    in connection with the termination and change of control
    arrangements in Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement and
    the change of control agreements with Messrs. Powell and
    Iribarren, all of which are described under “Termination
    and Change of Control Arrangements”. Termination
    and Change of Control Arrangements Mr. Zucker Pursuant to Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement, if the
    Company terminates Mr. Zucker’s employment other than
    for cause, death, or permanent disability, including by
    notifying Mr. Zucker that his employment shall end at the
    end of any renewal period of his employment agreement, or if
    Mr. Zucker resigns for good reason, then: • The Company shall pay Mr. Zucker, within 30 days after
    the date of termination, his base salary in effect at the date
    of termination through the date of termination, to the extent it
    was not already paid to Mr. Zucker; and • Within 30 days after the Company publicly announces its
    audited results for the year in which the date of termination
    occurs, the product of: • The annual bonus, if any, earned by Mr. Zucker under his
    employment agreement as if Mr. Zucker had remained employed
    for the entire year; and • A fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the
    applicable year, through the date of termination, and the
    denominator of which is 365, less any payments previously made
    to Mr. Zucker in respect of the annual bonus; and • Whether or not Mr. Zucker seeks or accepts other
    employment, the Company shall pay to Mr. Zucker an amount
    equal to two times his base salary in effect on the date of
    termination, which shall be payable 25% on the date of
    termination, and an additional 25% on each of 121 days,
    242 days and 365 after the date of termination. 20 Table of Contents For purposes of Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement,
    “cause” means: • conviction of a felony, or any other crime involving fraud,
    dishonesty or breach of trust relating to the Company or
    Mr. Zucker’s employment; • failure and refusal to follow a reasonable direction of the
    Board of Directors of the Company after notice in writing of
    such failure or refusal and a cure period of ten days after the
    notice in writing; • commission of any dishonest or grossly negligent act which has
    or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company or its customer or trade relationships provided that
    such act was not taken with the approval of the Board of
    Directors of the Company; or • a breach by Mr. Zucker of any material provision of his
    employment agreement, after the Company has provided him with
    notice in writing and a cure period of ten days. A “change of control” occurs when, at any time during
    Mr. Zucker’s employment under his employment
    agreement, or within three months following the Company’s
    termination of Mr. Zucker without cause or the resignation
    of Mr. Zucker for good reason pursuant to any of the first
    three bullet points under “good reason”, both of the
    following occur: • individuals who constitute the Board of Directors at May 6,
    2003 or who have been recommended for election to the Board by
    two-thirds of the Board consisting of individuals who are
    members of the Board at May 6, 2003 or such recommended
    successors cease for any reason to constitute at least a
    majority of such Board; and • Mr. Zucker is not offered the opportunity to continue as
    Chief Executive Officer after such a Board change on the terms
    of this employment agreement. If a change of control occurs and Mr. Zucker gives written
    notice to the Company within 60 days after such change of
    control of his election to terminate his employment under his
    employment agreement, the Company shall pay to Mr. Zucker
    within 15 days after Mr. Zucker’s delivery of
    such notice, as severance pay and liquidated damages, in lieu of
    any other rights or remedies which might otherwise be available
    to Mr. Zucker under his employment agreement (including any
    right to assert a termination for good reason), and without
    mitigation of any kind or amount, whether or not Mr. Zucker
    shall seek or accept other employment, a lump sum payment equal
    in amount to: • the sum of: • one year’s base annual salary currently in effect; and • the bonus payable to Mr. Zucker, if any, for the year
    immediately prior to the change of control, • multiplied by 2.99. The change of control payments shall be reduced by any payments
    made by the Company to Mr. Zucker prior to the date of the
    change of control if the Company terminates
    Mr. Zucker’s employment other than for cause, death or
    permanent disability, including by notifying Mr. Zucker
    that his employment shall end at the expiration of any renewal
    period of his employment agreement, or Mr. Zucker resigns
    for good reason, and the Company is obligated to pay to
    Mr. Zucker an amount equal to two times his base salary in
    effect on the date of termination. In addition, all unexpired
    options to purchase securities of the Company or restricted
    securities granted to Mr. Zucker before the change of
    control shall, if unvested, vest fully on the date of the change
    of control, notwithstanding any vesting provisions of such
    options. Any change of control payment shall be paid in full,
    without discount to present value. In addition, if any change of control payment by the Company to
    Mr. Zucker is determined to be subject to the excise tax
    imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of
    1986, as amended, then Mr. Zucker shall be entitled to
    receive an additional payment in an amount such that the net
    amount retained by Mr. Zucker, after the calculation and
    deduction of any excise tax, shall be equal to the change of
    control payment less any federal, state and local income taxes.
    This additional payment shall be reduced by income or 21 Table of Contents excise tax withholding payments made by the Company to any
    federal, state or local taxing authority with respect to the
    additional payment that was not deducted from compensation
    payable to Mr. Zucker. “Good reason” means: • a breach by the Company of any material provision of
    Mr. Zucker’s employment agreement, after
    Mr. Zucker has provided the Company with notice in writing
    thereof and a cure period of ten days; • there has occurred any material diminution or reduction in
    Mr. Zucker’s duties, whether in scope or nature, or
    Mr. Zucker is required to report to anyone other than the
    Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof; • the Board of Directors elects an executive officer senior in
    rank to Mr. Zucker; • the Company’s principal place of business is moved more
    than 50 miles from 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago,
    Illinois and as a result of such move, Mr. Zucker’s
    commute to work is increased by more than 50 miles each
    way; or • a change of control occurs and within 60 days after the
    change of control Mr. Zucker notifies the Company of his
    election to terminate his employment. “Permanent disability” means the absence of
    Mr. Zucker from his duties with the Company on a full-time
    basis for 120 consecutive business days, or for six months in
    any 12-month period during the term of the agreement, as a result of
    incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined
    to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company
    or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to Mr. Zucker or
    his legal representative. Messrs. Powell
    and Iribarren Pursuant to the change of control agreements with
    Messrs. Powell and Iribarren, if a change of control occurs: • within five years of February 10, 2003; and • within two years after the change of control a “terminating
    condition” occurs, then Mr. Powell shall be entitled to a severance amount
    equal to 24 months salary following his termination and
    Mr. Iribarren shall be entitled to a severance amount equal
    to 18 months salary following his termination. For purposes of the change of control agreements with
    Messrs. Powell and Iribarren, a change of control occurs
    when individuals who constituted the Company’s Board of
    Directors at February 10, 2003, or who have been
    recommended for election to the Board by two-thirds of the Board
    consisting of individuals who are members of the Board at
    February 10, 2003 or such recommended successors, cease for
    any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board. Further, a “terminating condition” occurs when either: • the employment of Messrs. Powell or Iribarren is terminated
    by the Company without cause; • Mr. Powell or Mr. Iribarren gives Midway a written
    resignation from his employment after, without his consent, the
    business facility at which he is required to perform his duties
    to the Company is relocated more than 50 miles from the
    business location at which he is performing his duties to
    Midway; or • Mr. Powell or Mr. Iribarren gives the Company a
    written resignation from his employment after, without his
    consent, either he is placed in a position with the Company of
    lesser stature than his present position with the Company or he
    is assigned duties with the Company inconsistent with such
    position or duties which, if performed, would result in a
    significant change in the nature or scope of powers, authority,
    functions or duties inherent in such position on
    February 10, 2003 or Mr. Powell or Mr. Iribarren
    is assigned by the Company performance requirements and working
    conditions which are a variance with the performance
    requirements and working conditions in effect on
    February 10, 2003, provided that such assigned duties,
    performance requirements and/or working conditions are not associated with his achieving a
    position of greater stature, authority and/or responsibility than his position with his present position with
    the Company. 22 Table of Contents If Mr. Zucker had been terminated on December 31, 2006
    other than for cause, death, or permanent disability or if
    Mr. Zucker had resigned in 2006 for good reason, he would
    have been able to receive the payments set forth in the column
    under the heading “Involuntary Not for Cause or Voluntary
    for Good Reason Termination”. If Mr. Zucker had been
    notified on May 1, 2006 that his employment agreement would
    not be renewed on May 6, 2006, he would have been able to
    receive the payments set forth in the column under the heading
    “Involuntary Not for Cause or Voluntary for Good Reason
    Termination”. If Mr. Zucker’s,
    Mr. Powell’s or Mr. Iribarren’s employment
    had been terminated on December 31, 2006 pursuant to a
    change of control each would have been eligible to receive the
    payments set forth in the column under the heading
    “Termination Pursuant to Change in Control”. Potential
    Payments to Officers under Existing Employment or Retention
    Agreements Mr. Zucker The following table shows the payments that David F. Zucker,
    Midway’s President and Chief Executive Officer, would have
    received had a termination or a change of control occurred on
    December 31, 2006. Involuntary Not for Cause or Voluntary for Good Termination Following a Type of Payment Reason Termination Change of Control Salary $ 1,200,000 $ 1,794,000 Bonus(1) — — Stock Options(2) — 848,000 Restricted Shares(3) — 628,200 Total $ 1,200,000 $ 3,270,200 (1) Mr. Zucker is eligible to receive the pro-rata portion of
    the annual bonus payable to him in the year immediately prior to
    his termination or notification that his employment agreement
    would be not be renewed. However, no bonus was declared or
    approved for Mr. Zucker for 2006. Mr. Zucker is also eligible to receive a sum equal to 2.99 times
    the bonus payable to him in the year immediately prior to change
    in control. However, no bonus was declared or approved for
    Mr. Zucker for 2006. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of all unvested options
    granted to Mr. Zucker that will vest subsequent to
    December 31, 2006. The total intrinsic value of
    Mr. Zucker’s unvested options at December 31,
    2006 approximated $792,000 based upon the December 29, 2006
    closing price of $6.98 per share of Midway’s common
    stock. (3) Represents the value of Mr. Zucker’s 90,000 unvested
    performance-based shares at December 31, 2006 based upon
    the December 29, 2006 closing price of $6.98 per share
    of Midway’s common stock. Mr. Powell The following table shows the payments that Thomas E. Powell,
    Midway’s Executive Vice President — Finance,
    Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, would have received had a
    termination following a change of control occurred on
    December 31, 2006. Termination Following a Type of Payment Change of Control Salary(1) $ 642,720 Other — Total $ 642,720 (1) Represents continued payment to Mr. Powell of his base
    annual salary as of December 31, 2006 for a period of
    24 months. 23 Table of Contents Mr. Iribarren The following table shows the payments that Miguel Iribarren,
    Midway’s Vice President — Publishing, would have
    received had a termination following a change of control
    occurred on December 31, 2006. Termination Following a Type of Payment Change of Control Salary(1) $ 360,000 Other — Total $ 360,000 (1) Represents continued payment to Mr. Iribarren of his base
    annual salary as of December 31, 2006 for a period of
    18 months. Non-Employee
    Director Compensation Table The Company’s Board of Directors is comprised solely of
    non-employee directors who receive a combination of cash
    payment, equity-based compensation and benefits as shown in the
    table below for the year ended December 31, 2006. DIRECTOR
    COMPENSATION Change in Pension Value and Non-Equity Nonqualified Fees Earned or Stock Incentive Plan Deferred All Other Paid in Cash Awards Option Awards Compensation Compensation Compensation Total Name ($) ($) ($)(1) ($) Earnings ($)(2) ($) William C. Bartholomay 60,780 — 63,551 — — — 124,331 Peter C. Brown 64,780 — 63,551 — — — 128,331 Joseph A. Califano, Jr. 63,780 — 63,551 — — — 127,331 Kenneth D. Cron 248,250 — 63,551 — — 10,440 322,241 Shari E. Redstone 58,280 — 63,551 — — — 121,831 Ira S. Sheinfeld 57,280 — 63,551 — — — 120,831 Robert J. Steele 34,780 — 63,551 — — — 98,331 Robert N. Waxman 70,780 — 63,551 — — 14,774 149,105 (1) Represents 12,000 option shares awarded to each director on
    September 6, 2006 with a grant date fair market value of
    approximately $5.29. These options vested one-third immediately
    upon grant and an additional one-third upon each of the first
    and second anniversaries of the grant date. (2) Represents payments made under our Exec-U-Care supplemental
    health insurance program. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the
    level of compensation of the Company’s non-employee
    directors from time to time. To determine the appropriate level
    of compensation for the non-employee directors, the Compensation
    Committee has reviewed publicly available data describing
    non-employee director compensation at our principal competitors. In 2006, the Company paid a fee of $45,000 per year to each
    of the non-employee directors. The Company paid the Chairman of
    the Board of Directors an additional fee of $48,000 per
    year, which was increased to $300,000 per year for the
    period June 1, 2006 through May 31, 2007. The Chairman
    is also eligible to receive an aggregate annual bonus of up to
    $300,000 during the same period based upon his achievement of
    certain objectives as set forth by the Board of Directors, which
    bonus was awarded to him on March 22, 2007. From time to
    time, the Board may determine to make bonus payments to one or
    more directors in recognition of their individual efforts as
    directors. On March 22, 2007, our Board of Directors also
    approved bonus payments for director services, payable
    immediately, to each of Shari E. Redstone and Robert J. Steele
    in the amount of $250,000 and $150,000 respectively. A director
    who serves as the Chairman of the 24 Table of Contents Special Committee of Independent Directors or Nominating
    Committee of our Board of Directors receives a further fee of
    $2,500 per year for his or her services in that capacity,
    and each other member of those Committees receives an additional
    fee of $1,000 per year. The Company paid the Chairman of
    the Compensation Committee an additional fee of $2,500 per
    year, which was increased effective June 22, 2006 to
    $17,500 per year, and each other member of that Committee
    receives an additional fee of $1,000 per year. A director
    who serves as the Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee
    of the Board receives a further fee of $7,500 per year for
    his or her services in that capacity, and each other member of
    that Committee receives an additional fee of $5,000 per
    year. A director who serves as the Chairman of the Audit
    Committee of the Board receives a further fee of
    $20,000 per year for his or her services in that capacity,
    and each other member of that committee receives an additional
    fee of $15,000 per year. Our directors may also receive
    options to purchase shares of common stock under our 2005 Plan,
    and were each granted an option to purchase 12,000 shares
    of the Company’s common stock on September 6, 2006.
    These options vested one-third immediately upon grant and an
    additional one-third upon each of the first and second
    anniversaries of the grant date. Our directors who are not also directors of WMS are eligible to
    receive reimbursement for health insurance costs under our
    Exec-U-Care supplemental health care insurance program. In 2006,
    we paid the following amounts for current directors under this
    program: $10,440 to Kenneth D. Cron and $14,774 to Robert N.
    Waxman. Compensation
    Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Throughout 2006, Messrs. Bartholomay (Chairman) and Cron
    and Ms. Redstone served on our Compensation Committee, and
    Mr. Califano joined the Committee on June 22, 2006. No
    member of our Compensation Committee is or was an employee or
    officer of Midway, and no officer, director or other person had
    any relationship required to be disclosed under this heading. Compensation
    Committee Report The Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed with
    management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by
    Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K and recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion
    and Analysis be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and the Company’s
    Proxy Statement related to the Company’s 2007 Annual
    Meeting of Stockholders, each of which will be filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission. Compensation
    Committee William
    C. Bartholomay, Chairman Joseph A. Califano, Jr. Kenneth D. Cron Shari E. Redstone PROPOSAL 2:
    ADOPTION OF MIDWAY GAMES INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE
    PLAN At the annual meeting, stockholders will be asked to approve the
    Midway Games Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
    “Plan”), which was approved by our Board of Directors
    on January 5, 2007. The Board and Compensation Committee
    (the “Committee”) believe that attracting and
    retaining employees of high quality has been and will continue
    to be essential to our growth and success. The Plan will assist
    us in providing our employees the opportunity to participate in
    the ownership of the company by permitting eligible employees to
    purchase shares of our common stock at below-market prices. Reasons
    for Stockholder Ratification The Plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase
    plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of
    1986, as amended (the “Code”) so that participants
    receive the favorable tax treatment described below under the
    heading “ United States Federal Income Taxation
    Consequences.” Stockholder 25 Table of Contents approval within 12 months before or after the Plan’s
    adoption by the Board is necessary in order for the Plan to be
    qualified under Section 423 of the Code. Description
    of the Midway Games Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The following is a brief description of the material features of
    the Plan. This description is qualified in its entirety by
    reference to the full text of the Plan, a copy of which is
    attached to this proxy statement as Appendix B. Eligibility/Enrollment. Employees whose
    customary employment is for more than 20 hours per week and
    five months per year are eligible to participate in the Plan
    upon their individual election. Presently, approximately 845
    employees are eligible to participate in the Plan. An employee
    must be eligible as of the first day of a purchase period to
    participate in the Plan for that purchase period. An eligible
    employee may enroll in the Plan by telephoning the plan
    recordkeeper or enrolling through the plan recordkeeper’s
    website. Limitations on Eligibility. An eligible
    employee may not purchase stock under the Plan if such
    acquisition would cause the employee to own 5% or more of the
    total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of
    Midway or any subsidiary company. In addition, an eligible
    employee may contribute up to 50% (but not to exceed $10,000) of
    his or her total compensation through payroll deduction,
    provided that such employee may not purchase stock under the
    Plan at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of fair market value during
    a calendar year. Purchase Periods. A purchase period is a
    six-month period beginning on each March 15 and
    September 15. Purchase Price. The purchase price per share
    of common stock for any purchase period shall be 85% of the
    closing transaction price of a share of common stock as reported
    on the New York Stock Exchange on the last day of the purchase
    period. On April 16, 2007, the fair market value per share
    of our Common Stock was $7.17. Suspension and Termination of
    Participation. An eligible employee may elect at
    any time, in accordance with rules established by the Plan
    administrator, to suspend his or her participation in the Plan.
    Upon a suspension of participation, the employee’s payroll
    deductions will stop and the employee may elect to receive a
    refund of the cash amount credited to the employee’s
    purchase account. If the employee does not elect to receive a
    refund of the cash amount in the employee’s purchase
    account, that amount will be used to purchase shares of common
    stock on the next purchase date. If the employee elects to
    suspend participation in the Plan, the employee will be
    permitted to resume participation in the next purchase period by
    making a new request to participate. The employee’s participation in the Plan will automatically
    terminate upon his or her death or termination of employment
    with a participating employer or when the employee no longer
    satisfies the eligibility conditions under the Plan. If the
    employee’s participation stops, Midway will deliver to the
    employee or the employee’s legal representative the cash
    and shares of common stock credited to the employee’s
    purchase account. If the employee makes a hardship withdrawal from his or her
    401(k) retirement plan, the employee’s payroll deductions
    under the Plan will be automatically suspended for a period of
    six months from the date of withdrawal. The balance of the
    employee’s purchase account will be used to purchase shares
    of common stock on the next purchase date, unless the employee
    elects to receive the cash credited to his or her purchase
    account. At the end of this six-month period, the employee may
    resume payroll deductions. If the employee terminates active service with a participating
    employer due to an approved leave of absence, such as short-term
    disability, the employee will continue participating in the plan
    until the employee elects to suspend plan participation or until
    the first day of the next purchase period, whichever is earlier. Termination or Amendment of the Plan. The
    Company, by action of the Board, may terminate the Plan at any
    time. Without any action being required, the Plan shall
    terminate in any event when the maximum number of shares of
    common stock to be sold under the Plan has been purchased. If at
    any time the number of 26 Table of Contents shares of Common Stock remaining available for purchase under
    the Plan is not sufficient to satisfy all then-outstanding
    purchase rights, the Board or Committee may determine an
    equitable basis of apportioning available shares of Common Stock
    among all participants. The Company, by action of the Board, may
    amend the Plan from time to time in any respect for any reason;
    provided, however, that no such amendment shall increase the
    maximum number of shares of common Stock which may be purchased
    under the Plan unless such increase is approved by the
    stockholders of the Company. Shares Reserved Under the Plan. There are
    3,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value
    $0.01 per share, reserved for issuance under the Plan. Administration of the Plan. The Plan shall be
    administered by the Committee, or by any person, entity or
    committee to whom it may delegate any of its responsibilities
    and powers. Changes in the Company’s Capital
    Structure. In the event of any stock split, stock
    dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger,
    consolidation, combination, exchange of shares, liquidation,
    spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event, or
    any distribution to holders of shares of common stock other than
    a regular cash dividend, the maximum number and class of
    securities which may be purchased under the Plan and the
    purchase price per security shall be appropriately adjusted by
    the Board, which shall be final, binding and conclusive. Merger or Other Corporate Change. In the event
    of a merger or other transaction involving Midway in which
    shares of common stock are exchanged for stock, securities, cash
    or other property, each option under the Plan shall be assumed
    or an equivalent option shall be substituted by the successor
    corporation in such transaction, or a parent or subsidiary of
    such successor corporation. The Board may elect, however, in the
    exercise of its sole discretion and in lieu of such assumption
    or substitution, to shorten the Purchase Period then in effect
    by establishing a new purchase date or to cancel the Purchase
    Period and refund all amounts credited to each
    participant’s purchase account. United States Federal Income Taxation
    Consequences. Under Section 423 of the Code,
    the purchase of shares under the Plan by an employee will not
    cause the employee to realize taxable income in the year of the
    purchase; however the employee will realize taxable income upon
    the disposition of such shares. If an employee disposes of
    shares on or after the two year anniversary of their purchase,
    (a) the lesser of (i) the excess of the fair market
    value of the shares on the purchase date over the purchase
    price, and (ii) the excess of the fair market value of the
    shares on the date of the disposition over the purchase price,
    will be treated as ordinary income, and (b) any additional
    gain or loss realized on the disposition will be treated as a
    long-term capital gain or loss, as appropriate. In the event of
    an employee’s death, the consequences described in the
    preceding sentence will apply to the employee’s estate,
    regardless of the time passed since the purchase of the shares.
    If an employee disposes of shares less than two years following
    their purchase, (a) the excess of the fair market value of
    the shares on the purchase date over the purchase price will be
    treated as ordinary income, and (b) any additional gain or
    loss will be treated as (i) a long-term capital gain or
    loss, as appropriate, if shares are sold more than
    12 months after their purchase date, or (b) a
    short-term capital gain or loss, as appropriate, if shares are
    sold within 12 months of their purchase date. If an
    employee disposes of shares less than two years following their
    purchase, his or her employer will be entitled to a deduction in
    the amount the employee realizes as ordinary income, but the
    employer will not be entitled to a deduction if the employee
    holds the shares for two years following their purchase. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of
    our common stock present in person or by proxy and entitled to
    vote on this proposal is required for approval of the Plan. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE
    “FOR” THE APPROVAL OF THE MIDWAY GAMES INC. EMPLOYEE
    STOCK PURCHASE PLAN. 27 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3:
    APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
    FIRM We propose that the stockholders ratify the appointment by our
    Audit Committee of Ernst & Young LLP, independent
    registered public accounting firm, as our independent auditors
    for the year ending December 31, 2007. We expect that
    representatives of Ernst & Young LLP will be present at
    the annual meeting and that they will be available to respond to
    appropriate questions submitted by stockholders at the meeting.
    Ernst & Young LLP will have the opportunity to make a
    statement at the meeting if they desire to do so. Fees
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ernst & Young LLP served as our independent auditors
    for the years ending December 31, 2006 and 2005. Aggregate
    fees billed by Ernst & Young LLP for professional
    services rendered for the audit of 2006 and 2005 and for other
    professional services billed in 2006 and 2005, were as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2006 2005 Audit Fees(1) $ 925,000 $ 1,213,000 Audit-Related Fees(2) 22,000 40,000 Tax Fees — 50,000 All Other Fees — — Total $ 947,000 $ 1,303,000 (1) Comprised of the audit of our annual consolidated financial
    statements, internal control attestation services required to
    comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, review
    of financial statements included in our Form 10-Qs and other services provided by the accountant in connection with
    statutory and regulatory filings. (2) Comprised of 401(k) plan audit procedures and various other
    services. Pre-approval
    Policies and Procedures Consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    requirements regarding auditor independence, our Audit Committee
    has adopted a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible
    non-audit services provided by our independent auditor. Under
    the policy, the Audit Committee, or a designated member thereof,
    must pre-approve non-audit services prior to the commencement of
    the specified service. The approval by any member of the Audit
    Committee must be presented to the full Audit Committee at the
    next regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting. Our
    independent auditors verify to our Audit Committee annually that
    they have not performed and will not perform any prohibited
    non-audit services. Percentage
    of Services Approved Under S-X Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) None. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of
    our common stock present in person or by proxy and entitled to
    vote on this proposal is required for ratification of the
    selection of our independent registered public accounting firm.
    Ratification by the stockholders of the appointment of
    independent registered public accounting firm is not required,
    but the Board believes that it is desirable to submit this
    matter to the stockholders. If holders of a majority of our
    common stock present in person or by proxy did not approve the
    selection of Ernst & Young LLP at the meeting, the
    selection of the independent registered public accounting firm
    would be reconsidered. However, Mr. Redstone and
    Ms. Redstone have indicated to us that they will vote in
    favor of this proposal, so its passage is assured. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE
    “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
    ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
    ACCOUNTING FIRM. 28 Table of Contents AUDIT
    COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Midway is
    composed of three independent directors and operates under a
    written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. On
    June 22, 2006, Messrs. William C. Bartholomay and
    Joseph A. Califano, Jr. concluded their service to the
    Audit Committee and Mr. Steele was elected to the committee. Management is responsible for Midway’s internal accounting
    controls, assessing the effectiveness of internal controls over
    financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements.
    Midway’s independent registered public accounting firm,
    Ernst & Young LLP, is responsible for performing audits
    of (a) Midway’s consolidated financial statements in
    accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company
    Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
    (b) Midway’s internal control over financial
    reporting, and (c) management’s assessment of the
    effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and
    issuing audit reports thereon. The Audit Committee’s
    responsibility is to monitor, review and oversee these processes. In keeping with that responsibility, the Audit Committee has
    reviewed and discussed Midway’s audited consolidated
    financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2006,
    its internal control over financial reporting and
    management’s assessment thereof with both management and
    Midway’s independent registered public accounting firm. In
    addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with the independent
    registered public accounting firm the matters required to be
    discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61,
    “Communications with Audit Committees”, Securities and
    Exchange Commission rules and other professional standards. The Audit Committee has received and reviewed the written
    disclosures and the letter from the independent registered
    public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board
    Standard No. 1, “Independence Discussions with Audit
    Committees,” and has discussed with the independent
    registered public accounting firm their independence. The Audit
    Committee has also considered whether the provision of non-audit
    services by the independent registered public accounting firm is
    consistent with maintaining auditor independence. Based on these discussions and reviews, the Audit Committee
    recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has
    approved, that the audited consolidated financial statements be
    included in Midway’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors: Robert N.
    Waxman (Chairman) Peter C. Brown Robert J. Steele OTHER
    MATTERS Stockholder
    Proposals As of the date of this proxy statement, the Board has not
    received notice of, and does not intend to propose, any other
    matters for stockholder action. However, if any other matters
    are properly brought before the meeting, it is intended that the
    persons voting the accompanying proxy will vote the shares
    represented by the proxy in accordance with their best judgment. We must receive any stockholder proposals of matters to be acted
    upon at our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on or before
    December 25, 2007 to consider including them in our proxy
    materials for that meeting. Further, if any stockholders wish to
    recommend nominations to be considered by our Nominating
    Committee prior to our 2008 annual meeting, such recommendations
    must be made following the procedures described above under
    “Nominating Committee Policies” and in Appendix A to this proxy statement. In order for a stockholder proposal or nomination to be acted
    upon at an annual meeting, notice of stockholder proposals must
    be delivered to us between 60 and 90 days prior to the
    annual meeting (or, if no public disclosure of the date of the
    meeting has been made at least 70 days before the meeting,
    then not more than ten days after such disclosure). The notice
    must contain the information required under Article I,
    Section 13 of our By-laws. 29 Table of Contents Section 16(a)
    Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
    requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more
    than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities,
    to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission. These persons are required
    by regulation to furnish us with copies of all
    Section 16(a) reports that they file. Based on our review
    of the copies of these reports received by us, or written
    representations from the reporting persons that no Form 5
    was required for those persons, we believe that, during 2006,
    all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors
    and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied
    with. Voting
    Procedures We will appoint inspectors of election to tabulate the number of
    shares of common stock represented at the meeting in person or
    by proxy, to determine whether or not a quorum is present and to
    count all votes cast at the meeting. The inspectors of election
    will treat abstentions and broker non-votes as shares that are
    present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the
    presence of a quorum. Votes withheld in connection with the
    election of one or more of the nominees for director will not be
    counted in determining the votes cast and will have no effect on
    the outcome of the vote. With respect to the tabulation of votes
    cast on a specific proposal presented to the stockholders at the
    meeting, abstentions will be considered as present and entitled
    to vote with respect to that specific proposal, whereas broker
    non-votes will not be considered as present and entitled to vote
    with respect to that specific proposal. Therefore, abstentions
    will have the effect of a vote against each proposal, but broker
    non-votes will have no effect on the vote for or against each
    proposal. In addition, under New York Stock Exchange rules, with
    respect to any proposal that is a prerequisite to listing of
    additional or new securities, the total vote cast on the
    proposal must represent at least a majority of all outstanding
    shares of our common stock entitled to vote on the proposal.
    Since Mr. Redstone and his related parties control a
    majority of our outstanding voting shares, their vote will
    decide each proposal. The term “broker non-votes”
    commonly refers to shares held in street name for customers,
    where the broker does not have authority under New York Stock
    Exchange rules to vote on its own initiative on particular
    items, and the broker has not received instructions from the
    beneficial owners. At the annual meeting, brokers will have the
    authority to vote on both proposals. How to
    Obtain Our Annual Report on Form 10-K We will provide without charge a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, including financial
    statements and schedules, to each of our stockholders of record
    on April 16, 2007 and each beneficial owner of our common
    stock on that date, upon receipt of a written request mailed to
    our offices, 2704 West Roscoe Street, Chicago, IL 60618,
    Attention: Geoffrey M. Mogilner, Director — Investor
    Relations. In the event that exhibits to the Forms 10-K are requested, a reasonable fee will be charged for reproduction
    of the exhibits. Please note that you can view and print our
    recent Forms 10-K, including exhibits, on our website at www.investor.midway.com or at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website
    at www.sec.gov. Requests from beneficial owners of common
    stock must set forth a good faith representation as to their
    ownership. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting in person, you
    are requested to mark, date, sign and return your proxy in the
    enclosed envelope. No postage need be affixed if mailed in the
    United States. You may revoke the proxy at any time before it is
    exercised. If you attend the meeting in person, you may withdraw
    the proxy and vote your own shares. By Order of the Board of Directors, DEBORAH K. FULTON Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Chicago, Illinois April 24, 2007 30 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Procedures
    for Stockholders Submitting Nominating Recommendations 1. Stockholders Entitled to Make
    Submissions. The Nominating Committee of our
    Board of Directors will accept for consideration submissions
    from stockholders that individually or as a group have
    beneficial ownership of at least 3% of our common stock and have
    had such ownership for at least one year. Acceptance of a
    recommendation for consideration does not imply that the
    Committee will nominate the recommended candidate. 2. Manner and Address for Submission. All
    stockholder nominating recommendations must be in writing,
    addressed to the Nominating Committee care of our corporate
    secretary at our principal headquarters, 2704 West Roscoe
    Street, Chicago, Illinois 60618. Submissions must be made by
    mail, courier or personal delivery. E-mailed submissions will not be considered. 3. Information Concerning the Recommending
    Stockholders. A nominating recommendation must be
    accompanied by the following information concerning each
    recommending stockholder: • The name and address, including telephone number, of the
    recommending stockholder; • The number of shares of our common stock owned by the
    recommending stockholder and the time period for which such
    shares have been held; • If the recommending stockholder is not a stockholder of record,
    a statement from the record holder of the shares (usually a
    broker or bank) verifying the holdings of the stockholder and
    the statement from the recommending stockholder of the length of
    time that the shares have been held. (Alternatively, the
    stockholder may furnish a current Schedule 13D,
    Schedule 13G, Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission reflecting the
    holdings of the stockholder, together with a statement of the
    length of time that the shares have been held); and • A statement from the stockholder as to whether the stockholder
    has a good faith intention to continue to hold the reported
    shares through the date of our next annual meeting of
    stockholders. 4. Information Concerning the Proposed
    Nominee. A nominating recommendation must be
    accompanied by the following information concerning the proposed
    nominee: • the information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure of the name, address, any
    arrangements or understanding regarding nomination and five year
    business experience of the proposed nominee, as well as
    information regarding certain types of legal proceedings within
    the past five years involving the nominee); • the information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure regarding the proposed
    nominee’s ownership of our securities); and • the information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K (generally providing for disclosure of transactions between us
    and the proposed nominee valued in excess of $120,000 and
    certain other types of business relationships with us). 5. Relationships Between the Proposed Nominee and the
    Recommending Stockholder. The nominating
    recommendation must describe all relationships between the
    proposed nominee and the recommending stockholder and any
    agreements or understandings between the recommending
    stockholder and the nominee regarding the nomination. 6. Other Relationships of the Proposed
    Nominee. The nominating recommendation shall
    describe all relationships between the proposed nominee and any
    of our competitors, customers, suppliers, labor unions or other
    persons with interests regarding us. 7. Qualifications of the Proposed
    Nominee. The recommending stockholder must
    furnish a statement supporting its view that the proposed
    nominee possesses the minimum qualifications prescribed by the A-1 Table of Contents Nominating Committee for nominees, and briefly describing the
    contributions that the nominee would be expected to make to the
    Board and to our governance. 8. Ability to Represent All
    Stockholders. The recommending stockholder must
    state whether, in the view of the stockholder, the nominee, if
    elected, would represent all stockholders and not serve for the
    purpose of advancing or favoring any particular stockholder or
    other constituency of ours. 9. Consent to be interviewed by the Committee and, if
    nominated and elected, to serve. The nominating
    recommendation must be accompanied by the consent of the
    proposed nominee to be interviewed by the Committee, if the
    Committee chooses to do so in its discretion (and the
    recommending stockholder must furnish the proposed
    nominee’s contact information for this purpose), and, if
    nominated and elected, to serve as a director of ours. 10. Timing for Submissions Regarding Nominees for
    Election at Annual Meetings. A stockholder (or
    group of stockholders) wishing to submit a nominating
    recommendation for an annual meeting of stockholders must ensure
    that it is received by us, as provided above, not later than 120
    calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the
    proxy statement for the prior annual meeting of stockholders. In
    the event that the date of the annual meeting of stockholders
    for the current year is more than 30 days following the
    first anniversary date of the annual meeting of stockholders for
    the prior year, the submission of a recommendation will be
    considered timely if it is submitted a reasonable time in
    advance of the mailing of our proxy statement for the annual
    meeting of stockholders for the current year. 11. Stockholder Groups. If a
    recommendation is submitted by a group of two or more
    stockholders, the information regarding recommending
    stockholders must be submitted with respect to each stockholder
    in the group. A-2 Table of Contents APPENDIX B MIDWAY
    GAMES INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 1. Purpose. The purpose of the Midway
    Games Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Plan”)
    is to provide employees of Midway Games Inc., a Delaware
    corporation (the “Company”), and its Subsidiary
    Companies (as defined below) that are designated to participate
    in the Plan the opportunity to participate in the ownership of
    the Company and to encourage increased efforts to promote the
    best interests of such companies by permitting eligible
    employees to purchase shares of common stock, $.01 par
    value, of the Company (“Common Stock”) at below-market
    prices. The Plan is intended to qualify as an “employee
    stock purchase plan” under section 423 of the Internal
    Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). For
    purposes of the Plan, the term “Subsidiary Companies”
    shall mean all corporations which are subsidiary corporations
    (within the meaning of section 424(f) of the Code) and of
    which the Company is the common parent. The Company and its
    Subsidiary Companies that, from time to time, are designated by
    the Company to participate in the Plan are sometimes hereinafter
    called collectively the “Participating Companies.” 2. Eligibility. Participation in the Plan
    shall be open to each employee of a Participating Company who
    has satisfied each of the following conditions (an
    “Eligible Employee”): (a) such employee’s customary employment is for more
    than 20 hours per week; and (b) such employee’s customary employment is for more
    than five months per calendar year. No right to purchase Common Stock hereunder shall accrue under
    the Plan in favor of any person who is not an Eligible Employee
    as of the first day of a Purchase Period (as defined in
    Section 3). No Eligible Employee shall acquire a right to purchase Common
    Stock hereunder if immediately after receiving such right, such
    employee would own 5% or more of the total combined voting power
    or value of all classes of stock of the Company or any
    Subsidiary Company (including any stock attributable to such
    employee under section 424(d) of the Code or which the
    employee may purchase under outstanding options (including the
    right to purchase Common Stock under the Plan)). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Eligible
    Employee’s right to purchase Common Stock hereunder shall
    be restricted so that no Eligible Employee’s right to
    purchase Common Stock under all employee stock purchase plans
    qualified under section 423 of the Code and maintained by
    the Company or any of its Subsidiary Companies accrues at a rate
    which exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value (determined as of the
    date on which the options under each such plan are considered
    granted pursuant to section 423 of the Code) (or such other
    amount as may be specified under section 423 of the Code)
    for a calendar year. 3. Effective Date of Plan; Purchase
    Periods. The Plan shall become effective on
    March 1, 2007. The Plan shall cease to be effective unless,
    within 12 months before or after the date of its adoption
    by the Board of Directors of the Company (the
    “Board”), it has been approved by the stockholders of
    the Company. If the votes received from the stockholders of the
    Company are insufficient to approve the Plan, the Plan shall
    automatically terminate pursuant to Section 8, and the
    cash, if any, credited to each participant’s Purchase
    Account shall be distributed to such participant as soon as
    administratively practicable after the Company certifies the
    results of such stockholder vote. Eligible Employees shall be permitted to purchase shares of
    Common Stock as soon as practicable after the end of each
    six-month Purchase Period during the term of the Plan. A
    “Purchase Period” under the Plan shall be each
    six-month period beginning March 15 or September 15. 4. Basis of Participation; Payroll
    Deductions. Subject to compliance with applicable
    rules prescribed by the Committee, as defined in
    Section 12, each Eligible Employee shall be entitled to
    enroll in the Plan as of the first day of any Purchase Period
    which begins on or after such Eligible Employee has satisfied
    the eligibility requirements in Section 2 of the Plan. B-1 Table of Contents To enroll in the Plan, an Eligible Employee shall make a request
    to the Company or its designated agent at the time and in the
    manner specified by the Committee, specifying the amount of
    payroll deduction to be applied to the Compensation (as defined
    below) earned by the employee during each payroll period during
    the Purchase Period. The amount of each payroll deduction
    specified in such request for each such payroll period shall be
    a whole percentage, not more than 50%, of a participant’s
    Compensation or, if permitted by the Committee, a dollar amount;
    provided, however, that in no case shall the aggregate
    deductions from a participant’s Compensation in a Purchase
    Period exceed $10,000, or such other amount as may be determined
    by the Committee. Subject to compliance with applicable rules
    prescribed by the Committee, the request shall become effective
    on the first day of the Purchase Period following the election
    period during which the Company or its designated agent receives
    such request. For purposes of the Plan, a participant’s
    “Compensation” shall mean such participant’s base
    salary, bonus, commissions, royalties, and overtime and shift
    pay, in each case prior to reductions for pre-tax contributions
    made to a plan or salary reduction contributions to a plan
    excludable from income under section 125 of the Code. For
    the avoidance of doubt, Compensation shall exclude any other
    form of remuneration not listed above, including fringe
    benefits, severance pay, stay-on bonuses, retirement income, change-in-control payments, contingent payments, income derived from stock
    options, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based
    compensation and other forms of special remuneration. Payroll deductions shall be made for each participant in
    accordance with such participant’s request until such
    participant’s participation in the Plan terminates, such
    participant’s payroll deductions are suspended, such
    participant’s request is revised or the Plan terminates,
    all as hereinafter provided. Following his or her enrollment in the Plan, a participant may
    change the amount of his or her payroll deduction effective as
    of the first day of any Purchase Period by so directing the
    Company or its designated agent at the time and in the manner
    specified by the Committee. A participant may not change the
    amount of his or her payroll deduction effective as of any date
    other than the first day of a Purchase Period, except that a
    participant may elect to suspend his or her payroll deductions
    under the Plan as provided in Section 7. Payroll deductions for each participant shall be credited to a
    purchase account established on behalf of the participant on the
    books of the participant’s employer or such employer’s
    designated agent (a “ Purchase Account ”). As
    soon as practicable following the end of each Purchase Period,
    the amount in each participant’s Purchase Account will be
    applied to the purchase of the number of whole and fractional
    shares of Common Stock determined by dividing such amount by the
    Purchase Price (as defined in Section 5) for such
    Purchase Period. No interest shall accrue at any time for any
    amount credited to a Purchase Account of a participant. The Committee may, in its discretion, establish additional
    procedures whereby Eligible Employees may participate in the
    Plan by means other than payroll deduction. Such other methods
    of participating shall be subject to such rules and conditions
    as the Committee may establish. The Committee may at any time
    amend, suspend or terminate any participation procedures
    established pursuant to this paragraph without prior notice to
    any participant or Eligible Employee. 5. Purchase Price. The purchase price
    (the “Purchase Price”) per share of Common Stock
    hereunder for any Purchase Period shall be 85% of the Fair
    Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the last day of such
    Purchase Period. If such sum results in a fraction of one cent,
    the Purchase Price shall be increased to the next higher full
    cent. For purposes of the Plan, the “Fair Market
    Value” of a share of Common Stock on a given day shall be
    the closing transaction price of a share of Common Stock as
    reported on the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange
    on which shares of Common Stock are listed) on the date as of
    which such value is being determined or, if there shall be no
    reported transactions on such date, on the next preceding date
    for which a transaction was reported. In no event, however,
    shall the Purchase Price be less than the par value of a share
    of Common Stock. 6. Purchase Accounts and Issuance of
    Shares. The Common Stock purchased by each
    participant shall be posted to such participant’s Purchase
    Account as soon as practicable after, and credited to such
    participant’s Purchase Account as of, the last day of the
    Purchase Period with respect to which the Common Stock was
    purchased. Except as provided in Section 7 and
    Section 8, a participant (or his or her legal
    representative, as B-2 Table of Contents appropriate) will be issued his or her shares when his or her
    participation in the Plan is terminated pursuant to
    Section 7(b), the Plan is terminated or upon request, but,
    in the last case, only in whole shares. After the close of each Purchase Period, information will be
    made available to each participant regarding the entries made to
    such participant’s Purchase Account, the number of shares
    of Common Stock purchased and the applicable Purchase Price. The Committee may permit or require that shares be deposited
    directly with a broker designated by the Committee or to a
    designated agent of the Company, and the Committee may use
    electronic or automated methods of share transfer. The Committee
    may require that shares be retained with such broker or agent
    for a designated period of time and/or may
    establish other procedures to permit tracking of disqualifying
    dispositions of such shares. 7. Suspension and Termination of
    Participation. (a) Suspension of Payroll
    Deductions. A participant may elect at the time and in the
    manner specified by the Committee to suspend his or her
    participation in the Plan, provided such election is received by
    the Company or its designated agent prior to the date specified
    by the Committee for suspension of participation with respect to
    the Purchase Period for which such suspension is to be
    effective. Upon any suspension of participation, the
    participant’s payroll deductions shall cease, and if the
    participant elects, the cash credited to such participant’s
    Purchase Account on the date of such suspension shall be
    delivered as soon as practicable to such participant. If the
    participant does not elect to receive such cash, such cash shall
    be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, as
    described in Sections 4, 5 and 6 hereof. A participant who
    elects to suspend participation in the Plan shall be permitted
    to resume participation in the next following Purchase Period by
    making a new request to participate at the time and in the
    manner described in Section 4 hereof. (b) Termination of Participation. If the participant dies,
    terminates employment with the Participating Companies for any
    reason, including a termination due to disability or retirement,
    or otherwise ceases to be an Eligible Employee, such
    participant’s participation in the Plan shall immediately
    terminate. Upon such terminating event, the cash credited to
    such participant’s Purchase Account on the date of such
    termination shall be delivered as soon as practicable to such
    participant or his or her legal representative, as the case may
    be, and the number of full shares of Common Stock held for his
    or her benefit, and a cash payment equal to the Fair Market
    Value of any fractional share so held, shall be delivered to the
    participant or his or her legal representative, as the case may
    be, as soon as practicable after such termination. (c) Suspension Upon 401(k) Hardship Withdrawal. If a
    participant makes a hardship withdrawal from any retirement plan
    with a cash or deferred arrangement qualified under
    section 401(k) of the Code, which plan is sponsored, or
    participated in, by the participant’s employer, such
    participant’s payroll deductions under the Plan shall be
    automatically suspended until the first day of the Purchase
    Period that begins at least six months after the date of such
    hardship withdrawal. The balance of such participant’s
    Purchase Account shall be applied to purchase shares of Common
    Stock on the next purchase date, except to the extent the
    participant elects to receive the cash credited to his or her
    Purchase Account in accordance with Section 7(a). After the
    expiration of such suspension, the participant may resume his or
    her payroll deductions in accordance with Section 4. (d) Leaves of Absence. A participant who ceases active
    service with the Participating Companies by reason of an
    approved leave of absence, including a leave of absence due to a
    short-term disability, shall continue participating in the Plan
    until the earlier of (i) the date such participant elects
    to suspend his or her participation in accordance with
    Section 7(a) or (ii) the first day of the next
    Purchase Period, if the participant has not resumed active
    service with a Participating Company on or before such day. 8. Termination or Amendment of the
    Plan. The Company, by action of the Board, may
    terminate the Plan at any time, in which case notice of such
    termination shall be given to all participants, but any failure
    to give such notice shall not impair the effectiveness of the
    termination. Without any action being required, the Plan shall terminate in
    any event when the maximum number of shares of Common Stock to
    be sold under the Plan (as provided in Section 13) has
    been purchased. If at any time the number of shares of Common
    Stock remaining available for purchase under the Plan is not
    sufficient B-3 Table of Contents to satisfy all then-outstanding purchase rights, the Board or
    Committee may determine an equitable basis of apportioning
    available shares of Common Stock among all participants. Upon termination of the Plan, the number of full shares of
    Common Stock held for each participant’s benefit and a cash
    payment equal to the Fair Market Value of any fractional share
    so held shall be delivered to such participant as soon as
    practicable after the Plan terminates, and, except as otherwise
    provided in Section 15, the cash, if any, credited to such
    participant’s Purchase Account, shall also be distributed
    to such participant as soon as practicable after the Plan
    terminates. The Company, by action of the Board, may amend the Plan from
    time to time in any respect for any reason; provided, however,
    that no such amendment shall increase the maximum number of
    shares of Common Stock which may be purchased under the Plan
    unless such increase is approved by the stockholders of the
    Company in accordance with section 423 of the Code. 9. Non-Transferability. Rights acquired
    under the Plan are not transferable and may be exercised only by
    a participant. 10. Stockholder’s Rights. No
    Eligible Employee or participant shall by reason of the Plan
    have any rights of a stockholder of the Company until he or she
    shall acquire a share of Common Stock as herein provided. 11. No Right to Continued
    Employment. Nothing in the Plan shall impose an
    obligation on any Participating Company to continue the
    employment of a participant or shall lessen or affect a
    Participating Company’s right to terminate the employment
    of a participant at any time for any reason. 12. Administration of the Plan. The Plan
    shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board
    (the “Committee”). The Committee shall have full power
    and authority to: (i) interpret and administer the Plan and
    any instrument or agreement entered into under the Plan;
    (ii) establish such rules and regulations and appoint such
    agents as it shall deem appropriate for the proper
    administration of the Plan; and (iii) make any other
    determination and take any other action that the Committee deems
    necessary or desirable for administration of the Plan. Decisions
    of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all
    persons, including the Company, each participant and each other
    employee of the Company. The Committee may delegate to any
    committee, person (whether or not an employee of a Participating
    Company) or entity any of its responsibilities or duties
    hereunder. The Plan shall be interpreted and administered so as
    to ensure that all participants have the same rights and
    privileges, as provided by section 423(b)(5) of the Code. 13. Maximum Number of Shares. The maximum
    number of shares of Common Stock which may be purchased under
    the Plan is 3,000,000, subject to adjustment as hereinafter set
    forth. Shares of Common Stock sold hereunder may be treasury
    shares, authorized and unissued shares, shares purchased in the
    open market (on an exchange or in negotiated transactions) or
    any combination thereof. 14. Changes in the Company’s Capital
    Structure. In the event of any stock split, stock
    dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger,
    consolidation, combination, exchange of shares, liquidation,
    spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event, or
    any distribution to holders of shares of Common Stock other than
    a regular cash dividend, the maximum number and class of
    securities which may be purchased under the Plan and the
    purchase price per security shall be appropriately adjusted by
    the Board. The decision of the Board regarding any such
    adjustment shall be final, binding and conclusive. If any such
    adjustment would result in a fractional security being available
    under the Plan, such fractional security shall be disregarded. 15. Merger or Other Corporate Change. In
    the event of a merger or other transaction involving the Company
    in which shares of Common Stock are exchanged for stock,
    securities, cash or other property, each option under the Plan
    shall be assumed or an equivalent option shall be substituted by
    the successor corporation in such transaction, or a parent or
    subsidiary of such successor corporation. The Board may elect,
    however, in the exercise of its sole discretion and in lieu of
    such assumption or substitution, to shorten the Purchase Period
    then in effect by establishing a new purchase date or to cancel
    the Purchase Period and refund all amounts credited to each
    participant’s Purchase Account. If the Board shortens the
    Purchase Period then in B-4 Table of Contents effect, the Company shall make its best efforts to notify each
    participant of such change at least 10 business days prior to
    the new purchase date, and allow participants to elect to
    receive the cash credited to their Purchase Accounts in
    accordance with Section 7(a). 16. Designation of Beneficiary. A
    participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who
    is to receive any shares and cash, if any, from the
    participant’s account under the Plan in the event of such
    participant’s death subsequent to the last day of a
    Purchase Period but prior to delivery to such participant of
    such shares and cash. In addition, a participant may file a
    written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any cash
    from the participant’s account under the Plan in the event
    of such participant’s death prior to the last day of a
    Purchase Period. If a participant is married and the designated
    beneficiary is not the participant’s spouse, spousal
    consent shall be required for such designation to be effective.
    Such designation of beneficiary may be changed by the
    participant at any time by written notice. In the event of the
    death of a participant and in the absence of a beneficiary
    validly designated under the Plan who is living at the time of
    such participant’s death, the Company shall deliver such
    shares and/or cash
    to the executor or administrator of the estate of the
    participant, or if no such executor or administrator has been
    appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its
    discretion, may deliver such shares and/or cash
    to the spouse or to any one or more dependents or relatives of
    the participant, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known
    to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may
    designate. All beneficiary designations shall be in such form
    and manner as the Company may designate from time to time. 17. Notices. Except as otherwise
    expressly provided herein, (i) any request, election or
    notice under the Plan from an Eligible Employee or participant
    shall be transmitted or delivered to the Company or its
    designated agent in the manner specified by the Committee and,
    subject to any limitations specified in the Plan, shall be
    effective when so delivered and (ii) any request, notice or
    other communication from the Company or its designated agent
    that is transmitted or delivered to Eligible Employees or
    participants shall be effective when so transmitted or delivered. 18. Compliance with Statutes and
    Regulations. The Plan, and the Company’s
    obligation to sell and deliver shares of Common Stock hereunder,
    shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules
    and regulations, and to such approval by any regulatory or
    governmental agency as may, in the sole discretion of the
    Company, be required or desirable. 19. Governing Law. The Plan and all
    determinations made hereunder and actions taken pursuant hereto,
    to the extent not otherwise governed by the Code or the laws of
    the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of
    Delaware and construed in accordance therewith without giving
    effect to principles of conflicts of laws. 20. International Participants. To the
    extent permitted under section 423 of the Code, without the
    amendment of the Plan, the Committee may provide for the
    participation in the Plan by Eligible Employees who are subject
    to the laws of foreign countries or jurisdictions on such terms
    and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may
    in the judgment of the Committee be necessary or desirable to
    foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan and,
    in furtherance of such purposes the Committee may make such
    modifications, amendments, procedures, subplans and the like as
    may be necessary or advisable to comply with provisions of laws
    of other countries or jurisdictions in which the Participating
    Companies operate or have employees. B-5 Table of Contents MIDWAY GAMES INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE UNDERSIGNED, revoking all previous proxies, hereby appoints DAVID F. ZUCKER, DEBORAH K.
FULTON and THOMAS E. POWELL, or any of them, as attorneys, agents and proxies with power of
substitution, and with all powers the undersigned would possess if personally present, to vote all
shares of common stock of Midway Games Inc. (the “Company”) which the undersigned is entitled to
vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be held on June 13, 2007 and at all
adjournments thereof. The shares represented by this Proxy will be voted in accordance with the specifications made
by the undersigned upon all of the following proposals, more fully described in the accompanying
Proxy Statement. If no instructions are given by the undersigned, the shares represented by this
Proxy will be voted “FOR” the election of the nominees for directors designated by the Board of
Directors in proposal 1, “FOR” proposal 2 and “FOR” proposal 3. (Continued and to be signed on reverse side) MIDWAY GAMES INC. 6201 15 th Avenue Brooklyn, New York 11219-9821 PLEASE MARK, DATE, SIGN AND MAIL THIS PROXY IN THE ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THIS PURPOSE. NO POSTAGE
IS REQUIRED FOR MAILING IN THE UNITED STATES. Votes must be indicated (x) in Black or Blue ink. þ 1. Election of eight (8) Directors. FOR all nominees listed except as marked o WITHHOLD AUTHORITY to vote for all nominees listed o *EXCEPTIONS o NOMINEES: William C. Bartholomay/ Peter C. Brown/ Joseph A. Califano, Jr./ Kenneth D. Cron/ Shari
E. Redstone / Ira S. Sheinfeld / Robert J. Steele/ Robert N. Waxman (INSTRUCTIONS: To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee, mark the “EXCEPTIONS”
box and write that nominee’s name in the space provided below.) *EXCEPTIONS: 2. Approval of the Midway Games Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. FOR o AGAINST o ABSTAIN o 3. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent registered public accounting
firm for the year ending December 31, 2007. FOR o AGAINST o ABSTAIN o In their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Please sign exactly as your name or names appear hereon, and when signing as attorney, executor,
administrator, trustee or guardian, give your full title as such. If signatory is a corporation,
sign the full corporate name by a duly authorized officer. If shares are held jointly, each
stockholder named should sign. To change your address, please mark this box: o Date: Share Owner sign here Co-Owner sign here