DEF 14A 1 lgoog2021_def14a.htm ALPHABET INC. - DEF 14A ALPHABET INC. - DEF 14A UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(A)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement CONFIDENTIAL, FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY RULE 14A-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 ALPHABET INC. (Name of Registrant as
Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box ): No fee required. Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which the transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which the transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Check box if any part of the fee
    is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously.
    Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount previously paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: DEAR STOCKHOLDERS 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 (650) 253-0000 We are pleased to invite you to participate in our 2021 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) to be held on Wednesday, June 2, 2021 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time. We have adopted a virtual format
for our Annual Meeting to provide a consistent experience to all stockholders regardless of location. Alphabet stockholders of Class A or Class B common stock (or their
proxy holders) as of the close of business on the record date, April 6, 2021 (Record Date), can participate in and vote at our
Annual Meeting by visiting www. virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21 and entering the 16-digit control number included in your
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (Notice), voting instruction form, or proxy card. All others may view the Annual
Meeting through our Investor Relations YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. Further details regarding participation in the Annual Meeting and
the business to be conducted are described in the Notice you received in the mail and in this proxy statement. We have also made
available a copy of our 2020 Annual Report to Stockholders (Annual Report) with this proxy statement. We encourage you to read
our Annual Report. It includes our audited financial statements and provides information about our business. We have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the
Internet under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s “notice and access” rules. We are constantly focused
on improving the ways people connect with information, and believe that providing our proxy materials over the Internet increases
the ability of our stockholders to connect with the information they need, while reducing the environmental impact of our Annual
Meeting. If you want more information, please see the Questions and Answers section of this proxy statement or visit the 2021 Annual
Meeting section of our Investor Relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/annual-meeting/. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to participate in
the Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote over the Internet, as well as by telephone, or, if
you requested to receive printed proxy materials, by mailing a proxy or voting instruction form. Please review the instructions
on each of your voting options described in this proxy statement, as well as in the Notice you received in the mail. Thank you for your ongoing support of, and continued interest in Alphabet. Sincerely, SUNDAR PICHAI JOHN L. HENNESSY CHIEF EXECUTIVE CHAIR OF THE OFFICER BOARD OF DIRECTORS APRIL 23, 2021 LETTER FROM THE CHAIR OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Dear Fellow Stockholders, When I last wrote to you all as Chair of the Alphabet Board last year,
we had just begun to grasp the profound reality of what life would be like during the COVID-19 pandemic. I stressed how the company
we are all invested in was stepping up to a truly global challenge – to help people everywhere stay informed, stay connected,
stay in business, and, most important, stay healthy, while also helping to sustain and support our workforce. Twelve months on, we’re still feeling the pandemic’s effects
and will for some time. Despite the challenges, Alphabet has responded in a way we can all be proud of. In addition to the products
and services that helped people and businesses, we provided significant funding to support the global COVID-19 response, including
distance learning, and economic relief and recovery. We worked in partnership with the technology and medical communities to help
with exposure notifications and provide authoritative information about COVID-19 and vaccination to millions of our users. Looking inward, we’ve also made sure to support our most important
resource – our people – as they navigate a new reality. As our offices shifted to a work-from-home posture, we made
sure that our hourly workers who were affected by reduced work schedules were compensated for the time they would have worked,
along with an emergency sick leave fund. For full-time employees, we expanded our carer’s leave program for those dealing
with increased caregiving responsibilities. We’ve broadened our mental healthcare offerings, and we’ve rolled out at-home
viral testing kits so that employees can monitor their health and help slow the spread of COVID-19 in their communities. Throughout the year, we also recognized our responsibility to address
racial equity issues with the same focus and urgency. We continued the work of creating the most diverse and inclusive workforce
possible – to add more diverse employees, and even more importantly, support them once they get here. This summer, in the
wake of widespread racial unrest in the U.S., and in partnership with Black employees, we made new commitments to do our part to
increase racial equity, within the company and in the wider world in which we operate and live. Among other commitments, we set
a goal to improve leadership representation of underrepresented groups by 30 percent by 2025. We also announced a $175 million+
economic opportunity package to support Black business owners, startup founders, job seekers and developers, in addition to YouTube’s
$100 million fund to amplify Black creators and artists. Beyond that, to ensure a fair workplace, this year the Board agreed
on a series of industry-leading principles and improvements that incorporated input from both employees and stockholders, including
the creation of a new Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Advisory Council, which comprises internal senior executives and external
DEI experts. The Board also now reviews the effectiveness of our sexual harassment and retaliation prevention programs, and proposed
changes, on a quarterly basis. Another area of emphasis and bold commitment by us this past year
was in sustainability. Building a sustainable company and contributing to a sustainable future has always been core to our values,
a central element of our corporate DNA. We’ve always been a leader in sustainability efforts, and now we are making the most
ambitious commitments we have ever made to fighting climate change and supporting the generation of clean energy. In September
we announced that, over the next decade, we’re committed to: • Becoming the first major company to operate on carbon-free energy 24 hours a day, seven days a week in all of our data centers and campuses worldwide. • Investing in manufacturing regions to enable 5 gigawatts of new carbon-free energy, which we expect to spur more than $5 billion in clean energy investments. • Helping more than 500 cities and local governments reduce an aggregate of 1 gigaton of carbon emissions annually. To support both our ongoing efforts and new projects that are environmentally
or socially responsible, in 2020 we issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds, the largest sustainability or green bond by any
company in history. The proceeds from these bonds will fund these efforts and allow investors to join us in building a more sustainable
future. We believe that these investments benefit our communities, employees and stakeholders, and are an important means of creating
value over the long term. Finally, we are committed to a governance structure that promotes
long-term stockholder value creation and accountability. This past year, the Board implemented a majority voting standard for elections
of directors. We’ve also amended the charter of our Audit Committee, now the Audit and Compliance Committee, giving it increased
oversight on matters related to strategy and financial reporting, competition, civil and human rights, and sustainability, in addition
to its existing oversight responsibilities around data privacy and security. Importantly, we will further focus on driving shared
accountability amongst our leadership team for behaviors and outcomes that create lasting, meaningful change. In 2022, we intend
to introduce a bonus program for members of Google’s senior executive team that will be determined in part by performance
supporting the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals that have long been a key part of Alphabet and Google’s work. By no means is this summary of our work exhaustive. The company has
made significant progress in continuing to build products, especially in AI, ethically and responsibly; ensuring the privacy and
security of our users; supporting quality publishers and promoting quality content online; and doing it all in a landscape where
we compete fairly and give our users the most helpful services that we can. Updates to Meet, Search, Maps and many of our other
core products over the past year have helped users navigate uncertainty while staying connected and informed. We’ll continue
to make our products even more helpful to people who are working, learning, and gathering together remotely, and businesses working
to keep their doors open. The Board has worked closely with Alphabet’s leadership to build the
company we all want, and that our users deserve. The Board is grateful for the faith you have placed in us to lead your company
out of the rough parts of the last year, into an exciting future – and throughout the years to come. We hope we have repaid
that faith with a company that continues to make you as proud as it does us. Thank you for all that you do. The Board looks forward
to working with you all in the better days that surely lie ahead. Very truly yours, JOHN L. HENNESSY CHAIR OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 2021 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time VIRTUAL MEETING Alphabet stockholders of Class A or Class B common stock (or their
proxy holders) as of the close of business on April 6, 2021 can participate in and vote at the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21
and entering the 16-digit control number included in your Notice, voting instruction form, or proxy card. All others may view the
Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1. To elect eleven members of the Board of Directors of Alphabet (the Board of
    Directors) to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors have been elected
    and qualified. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Alphabet’s independent
    registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. 3. To approve Alphabet’s 2021 Stock Plan. 4. To consider and vote upon the stockholder proposals set forth in the proxy
    statement, if properly presented. 5. To consider such other business as may properly come before the meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, Sundar Pichai John L. Hennessy Chief Executive Officer Chair of the Board of Directors NOTICE of 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ADJOURNMENTS AND POSTPONEMENTS Any action on the items of business described in this Notice may be
considered at the Annual Meeting at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the Annual Meeting
may be properly adjourned or postponed. RECORD DATE You are entitled to vote only if you were a stockholder of Alphabet
Class A or Class B common stock as of the close of business on April 6, 2021. MEETING DETAILS See Annual Meeting of Stockholders on page 9 of this proxy statement
for details. VOTING Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to participate
in the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read this proxy statement and submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible.
For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the instructions on the Notice you received in the mail,
the section titled “Questions and Answers About the Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting” beginning on page 78 of
this proxy statement or, if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, your enclosed proxy card. April 23, 2021 REVIEW YOUR PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF FOUR WAYS: Please refer to the enclosed proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker, or other holder of record to see which voting methods are available to you. Vote in Advance of the Meeting INTERNET BY TELEPHONE BY MAIL Vote your shares at Call toll-free number Sign, date, and return your proxy www.proxyvote.com. 1-800-690-6903. card in the enclosed envelope Have your Notice, voting instruction form, or proxy card for the 16-digit control number needed to vote. Vote Online During the Meeting INTERNET See page 80 for details on voting your shares during the Annual Meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21 This Notice of 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, proxy statement,
        and form of proxy card are being distributed and made available on or about April 23, 2021. In this proxy statement, the words “Alphabet,” the “company,”
        “we,” “our,” “ours,” “us,” and similar terms refer to Alphabet Inc. and its consolidated
        subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise, and the word “Google” refers to Google LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary
        of Alphabet. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 6 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS This proxy statement and our 2020 Annual Report to Stockholders, which
includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, are available at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/annual-meeting/. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 7 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE To the extent that this proxy statement has been or will be specifically
incorporated by reference into any other filing of Alphabet under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), the sections of this proxy statement titled “Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee
of the Board of Directors” (to the extent permitted by the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)) and
“Executive Compensation—Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Report” shall not be deemed to be so
incorporated, unless specifically stated otherwise in such filing. The content of any websites named, hyperlinked, or otherwise referenced
in this proxy statement are not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement on Schedule 14A or in any other report or document
we file with the SEC, and any references to such websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 8 2021 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY THIS SUMMARY HIGHLIGHTS INFORMATION CONTAINED ELSEWHERE IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT CONTAIN ALL OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU SHOULD CONSIDER, AND YOU SHOULD READ THE ENTIRE PROXY
STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE VOTING. — ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Time and Date: Virtual Meeting Access: Record Date: 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on Wednesday, June 2, 2021 Alphabet stockholders (or their proxy holders) can participate in and vote at our Annual Meeting by visiting www. virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21 and entering the 16-digit control number included in the Notice, voting instruction form, or proxy card April 6, 2021 All others may view the Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations
YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. Voting: Holders of Class A or Class B common stock as of the
Record Date are entitled to vote. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote with respect to each director
nominee and one (1) vote with respect to each of the proposals to be voted on. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to
ten (10) votes with respect to each director nominee and ten (10) votes with respect to each of the proposals to be voted on. The
holders of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are voting as a single class on all matters. Holders of
Class C capital stock have no voting power as to any items of business that will be voted on at the Annual Meeting. Participating in the Annual Meeting: Our Annual Meeting will
be accessible through the Internet only. We have adopted a virtual format for our Annual Meeting to make participation accessible
for stockholders from any geographic location with internet connectivity. We have worked to offer the same participation opportunities
as were provided at the in-person portion of our past meetings while further enhancing the online experience available to all stockholders
regardless of their location. You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting only if you
were a holder of Class A or Class B common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date or hold a valid proxy for the Annual
Meeting. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21, you must enter the 16-digit control
number found in the box marked by the arrow for postal mail recipients of the Notice, voting instruction form, or the proxy card,
or within the body of the email for electronic delivery recipients. We encourage you to access the Annual
Meeting before it begins. Online check-in will start approximately 30 minutes before the Annual Meeting on June 2, 2021. If
you have difficulty accessing the meeting, please call 1-844-986-0822 (toll free) or 1-303-562-9302 (international). We will
have technicians available to assist you. We will also make the Annual Meeting viewable to anyone interested
through our Investor Relations YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 9 — VOTING MATTERS AND VOTE RECOMMENDATIONS Proposal Alphabet Board Voting Recommendation Page Reference (for more detail) MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS: (1) Election of eleven directors FOR each nominee 53 (2) Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Alphabet’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 FOR 54 (3) Approval of Alphabet’s 2021 Stock Plan FOR 55 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS: (4) Stockholder proposal regarding equal shareholder voting AGAINST 61 (5) Stockholder proposal regarding the nomination of human rights and/or civil rights expert to
    the board AGAINST 63 (6) Stockholder proposal regarding a report on sustainability metrics AGAINST 65 (7) Stockholder proposal regarding a report on takedown requests AGAINST 67 (8) Stockholder proposal regarding a report on whistleblower policies and practices AGAINST 69 (9) Stockholder proposal regarding a report on charitable contributions AGAINST 71 (10) Stockholder proposal regarding a report on risks related to anticompetitive practices AGAINST 73 (11) Stockholder proposal regarding a transition to a public benefit corporation AGAINST 75 Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote Online During the Meeting Vote your shares at www.proxyvote.com . Have your Notice, voting instruction form, or proxy card for the 16-digit control number needed to vote. See page 80 for details on voting your shares during the Annual Meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/GOOGL21 Call toll-free number 1-800-690-6903. Sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 10 — CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes
long-term stockholder value creation by providing effective leadership and Board of Directors composition while providing our stockholders
with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability. Our Board of Directors
believes that having a mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, experience, and attributes is essential to
meeting its oversight responsibility, representing the best interests of our stockholders, and providing practical insights and
diverse perspectives. Effective Board Oversight Declassified Board with all members standing for election annually Majority voting standard for elections of directors Independent Chair of the Board, separate from Chief Executive Officer role Fully independent Audit and Compliance Committee, Leadership Development and Compensation Committee, and Nominating and
    Corporate Governance Committee Diverse Board in terms of gender, race, experience, skills, and tenure Regular executive sessions of independent directors Annual Board and Committee evaluations Review of each Committee Chair at least every three years Orientation and continuing education programs for directors Minimum stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 11 — EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We design our executive officer compensation programs to attract and
retain the world’s best talent, support Alphabet’s culture of innovation and performance, and align employee and stockholder
interests. We achieve our objectives through compensation that: Sound Program Design Provides a competitive total pay opportunity Consists primarily of stock-based compensation, including performance stock awards with payout based on long-term company
    performance, aligning executives’ interests with stockholders Enhances long-term focus through multi-year vesting of stock awards Does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking Our leading practices in executive compensation include: Best Practices in Executive Compensation Minimum stock ownership requirements No excessive perquisites (no executive-only club memberships or medical benefits) No employment contracts or change in control benefits A policy prohibiting pledging and hedging ownership of Alphabet stock No executive-only retirement programs ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 12 — 2021 DIRECTOR NOMINEES The following table provides summary information about each director
nominee as of April 23, 2021. Director Membership
    on Standing Committees Name Since Occupation Experience/Qualification Independent ACC LDCC NCGC EC Larry Page 1998 Co-Founder Leadership, Technology, Global Sergey Brin 1998 Co-Founder Leadership, Technology, Global Sundar Pichai 2017 Chief Executive Officer, Alphabet
    and Google Leadership, Technology, Global John L. Hennessy † 2004 Former President of Stanford University Leadership, Education, Technology Frances H. Arnold 2019 Linus Pauling Professor of Chemical
    Engineering, Bioengineering and Biochemistry at California Institute of Technology Leadership, Education, Science L. John Doerr 1999 General Partner and Chairman of
    Kleiner Perkins Leadership, Technology, Finance, Global, Industry Roger W. Ferguson Jr. 2016 President
    and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA (1) Leadership, Finance, Global Ann Mather 2005 Former Executive Vice President
    and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar Leadership, Finance, Global Alan R. Mulally 2014 Former Chief Executive Officer and
    President of Ford Motor Company Leadership, Finance, Global, Industry K. Ram Shriram 1998 Managing Partner of Sherpalo Ventures Leadership, Technology, Finance,
    Global, Industry Robin L. Washington 2019 Former Executive Vice President
    and Chief Financial Officer of Gilead Sciences Leadership,
    Technology, Finance, Global, Industry ACC Audit and Compliance Committee LDCC Leadership Development and Compensation Committee NCGC Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee EC Executive Committee Committee Chair Audit Committee Financial Expert † Chair of the Board of Directors (1) Roger has announced his plan to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA effective May 2021 — AUDITORS We are asking our stockholders to ratify the appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Set forth below is
summary information with respect to the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Ernst &
Young LLP during 2019 and 2020 (in thousands). 2019 ($) 2020 ($) Audit Fees 20,112 21,718 Audit-Related Fees 7,185 6,652 Tax Fees 1,944 988 Other Fees 608 1,871 TOTAL FEES 29,848 31,229 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 16 DIRECTORS
    AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 17 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 22 Board Meetings 22 Board Leadership Structure 22 Board Committees 22 Director Independence 27 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 27 Consideration of Director Nominees 27 Management Succession Planning 29 Board’s Role in Risk Oversight 30 Executive Sessions 30 Outside Advisors 30 Board Effectiveness 31 Communications with the Board of Directors 31 COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 32 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 33 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS POLICY AND PROCEDURE 34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 35 DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 37 BOARD COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 37 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR 2020 38 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 39 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 39 Overview 39 Section 1–Executive Summary 39 Section 2–Determining Competitive Levels of Pay 40 Section 3–Elements of Pay and Fiscal Year 2020 Pay Decisions 40 Section 4–Other Compensation Information 41 LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 43 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 44 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN 2020 45 DESCRIPTION OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 45 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2020 FISCAL YEAR-END 46 OPTIONS EXERCISED AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2020 47 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 47 ALPHABET CEO PAY RATIO 48 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 49 AUDIT MATTERS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 50 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 50 AUDITOR INDEPENDENCE 50 PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 51 REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 52 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 14 Back to Contents MANAGEMENT AND STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON 53 PROPOSAL NUMBER 1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 53 PROPOSAL NUMBER 2 – RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 54 PROPOSAL NUMBER 3 – APPROVAL OF ALPHABET’S 2021 STOCK PLAN 55 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 59 PROPOSAL NUMBER 4 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING EQUAL SHAREHOLDER VOTING 61 PROPOSAL NUMBER 5 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING NOMINATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND/OR CIVIL RIGHTS EXPERT TO BOARD 63 PROPOSAL NUMBER 6 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY METRICS 65 PROPOSAL NUMBER 7 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING REPORT ON TAKEDOWN REQUESTS 67 PROPOSAL NUMBER 8 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING REPORT ON WHISTLEBLOWER POLICIES AND PRACTICES 69 PROPOSAL NUMBER 9 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING REPORT ON CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS 71 PROPOSAL NUMBER 10 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING REPORT ON RISKS RELATED TO ANTICOMPETITIVE PRACTICES 73 PROPOSAL NUMBER 11 – STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING A TRANSITION TO A PUBLIC BENEFIT CORPORATION 75 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL MEETING QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL MEETING 78 PROXY MATERIALS 78 VOTING INFORMATION 79 PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL MEETING 82 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS, DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS, AND RELATED BYLAW PROVISIONS 83 APPENDIX A: ALPHABET INC. 2021 STOCK PLAN A-1 INFORMATION CONCERNING ALPHABET’S ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS A-9 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Back to Contents DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board of Directors is composed
of highly experienced directors who have led, advised, and established leading global organizations and institutions. Our Board
of Directors has taken a thoughtful approach to board composition to ensure that our directors have backgrounds that collectively
add significant value to the strategic decisions made by the company and that enable them to provide oversight of management to
ensure accountability to our stockholders. Our directors have extensive backgrounds as entrepreneurs, technologists, operational
and financial experts, academics, scientists, investors, advisors, nonprofit board members, and government leaders. In addition,
we have worked hard to strike the right balance between long-term understanding of our business and fresh external perspectives,
adding three new directors in the past five years, as well as to ensure diversity of backgrounds and perspectives within the boardroom. Our Director Nominees ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 16 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The names of our directors and executive officers and their ages,
positions, and biographies as of April 23, 2021 are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion
of the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Name Age Position Larry Page 48 Co-Founder and Director Sergey Brin 47 Co-Founder and Director Sundar Pichai 48 Chief Executive Officer, Alphabet and Google, and Director John L. Hennessy 68 Chair of the Board Frances H. Arnold 64 Director L. John Doerr 69 Director Roger W. Ferguson Jr. 69 Director Ann Mather 61 Director Alan R. Mulally 75 Director K. Ram Shriram 64 Director Robin L. Washington 58 Director Ruth M. Porat 63 Senior Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer, Alphabet and Google Prabhakar Raghavan 60 Senior Vice President, Google Philipp Schindler 50 Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer, Google Kent Walker 60 Senior Vice President, Global Affairs, and Chief Legal Officer, Google; Corporate Secretary, Alphabet LARRY PAGE Director since: 1998 Co-Founder Larry Page is one of Google’s Co-Founders and has served as a member of our Board of Directors since its inception
    in September 1998. Larry previously served as Google’s Chief Executive Officer from April 2011 to October 2015, and
    as Alphabet’s Chief Executive Officer from October 2015 to December 2019. From July 2001 to April 2011, Larry served
    as Google’s President, Products. In addition, from September 1998 to July 2001, Larry served as Google’s Chief
    Executive Officer, and from September 1998 to July 2002, as Google’s Chief Financial Officer. Larry holds a Bachelor
    of Science degree in engineering, with a concentration in computer engineering, from the University of Michigan and a Master
    of Science degree in computer science from Stanford University. SERGEY BRIN Director since: 1998 Co-Founder Sergey Brin is one of Google’s Co-Founders and has served as a member of our Board of Directors since its inception
    in September 1998. Sergey previously served as Google’s President from May 2011 to October 2015, and as Alphabet’s
    President from October 2015 to December 2019. From July 2001 to April 2011, Sergey served as Google’s President, Technology
    and Co-Founder. In addition, from September 1998 to July 2001, Sergey served as Google’s President and Chairman of Google’s
    Board of Directors. Sergey holds a Bachelor of Science degree with high honors in mathematics and computer science from the
    University of Maryland at College Park and a Master of Science degree in computer science from Stanford University. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers SUNDAR
    PICHAI Director since: 2017 Chief Executive Officer, Alphabet and Google Sundar Pichai, Chief Executive
    Officer of Alphabet since December 2019 and Google since October 2015, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since
    July 2017. Sundar previously served as Google’s Senior Vice President of Products from October 2014 to October 2015,
    and as Google’s Senior Vice President of Android, Chrome and Apps from March 2013 to October 2014. Since joining Google
    in April 2004, Sundar has held various positions, including Google’s Senior Vice President, Chrome and Apps; Senior
    Vice President, Chrome; and Vice President, Product Management. Prior to joining Google, Sundar worked in engineering and
    product management at Applied Materials, Inc., a semiconductor company, and in management consulting at McKinsey &
    Company, a management consulting firm. Sundar holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree with honors in metallurgical engineering
    from the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, a Master of Science degree in materials science and engineering from Stanford
    University, and a Master of Business Administration degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. JOHN
    L. HENNESSY Director since: 2004 John L. Hennessy has served as a member
    of our Board of Directors since April 2004 and as Chair of the Board of Directors since January 2018. John previously served
    as our Lead Independent Director from April 2007 to January 2018. John is the James F. and Mary Lynn Gibbons Professor of
    Computer Science and Electrical Engineering in the Stanford School of Engineering, and the Shriram Family Director of Stanford’s
    Knight-Hennessy Scholars, a graduate-level scholarship program. John served as the President of Stanford University from September
    2000 to August 2016. From 1994 to August 2000, John held various positions at Stanford, including Dean of the Stanford University
    School of Engineering and Chair of the Stanford University Department of Computer Science. John was previously a director
    and a member of the nominating and governance committee and acquisition committee of Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment
    company, from January 2002 to December 2018. He also serves as a trustee of the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation and as a
    director of the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub. John holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Villanova University
    and a Master of Science degree and a Doctoral degree in computer science from the State University of New York, Stony Brook. FRANCES
    H. ARNOLD Director since: 2019 Frances H. Arnold has served as a
    member of our Board of Directors since December 2019. Frances manages a research group, is the Linus Pauling Professor of
    Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering and Biochemistry, and is a Director of the Donna and Benjamin M. Rosen Bioengineering
    Center, all at the California Institute of Technology. She joined the California Institute of Technology in 1986 and has served
    as a Visiting Associate, Assistant Professor, Professor, and Director. Frances’s laboratory focuses on protein engineering
    by directed evolution, with applications in alternative energy, chemicals, and medicine. She has been appointed co-chair of
    the President’s Council of Advisors on Science & Technology by President Biden. Frances is the recipient of
    numerous honors, including the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, the Millennium Technology Prize, induction into the National Inventors
    Hall of Fame, Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, the ENI Prize in Renewable and Nonconventional Energy, the U.S.
    National Medal of Technology and Innovation, and the Charles Stark Draper Prize of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering.
    Frances is an elected member of all three U.S. National Academies of Science, Medicine, and Engineering, as well as the American
    Academy of Arts and Sciences. Frances has been a member of the board of directors of Illumina, Inc., a provider of integrated
    systems for the analysis of genetic variation and biological function, since 2016, and serves as chair of its science and
    technology committee and as a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Frances holds a Bachelor of Science
    degree in mechanical and aerospace engineering from Princeton University and a Doctoral degree in chemical engineering from
    the University of California, Berkeley. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 18 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers L. JOHN
    DOERR Director since: 1999 L. John Doerr has served as a member of our Board of Directors
    since May 1999. John has been a General Partner of Kleiner Perkins, a venture capital firm, since August 1980. John has been
    a member of the board of directors of Amyris, Inc., a renewable products company, since May 2006, and serves as chair of its
    nominating and governance committee; Coursera Inc., a provider of learning platform, since December 2011, and serves on its
    nominating and corporate governance committee; DoorDash, Inc., a logistics platform company, since March 2015, and serves
    as chair of its nominating and governance committee; and QuantumScape Corporation, a breakthrough battery company, since December
    2010, and serves as chair of its nominating and governance committee. John was previously a director of Bloom Energy Corporation,
    a green energy company, from May 2002 to April 2021, and a director of Zynga, Inc., a provider of social game services, from
    April 2013 to May 2017. John holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering, a Master of Science degree in electrical
    engineering from Rice University, and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School. ROGER W.
    FERGUSON JR. Director since: 2016 Roger W. Ferguson Jr. has served as a member of our Board of Directors
    since June 2016. Roger has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA, a major financial services company,
    since April 2008, and has announced his plan to retire effective May 2021. He joined TIAA after his tenure at Swiss Re, a
    global reinsurance company, where he served as Chairman of the firm’s America Holding Corporation, Head of Financial
    Services, and a member of the Executive Committee from 2006 to 2008. Prior to that, Roger joined the Board of Governors of
    the U.S. Federal Reserve System in 1997 and served as its Vice Chairman from 1999 to 2006. From 1984 to 1997, he was an associate
    and partner at McKinsey & Company. Roger has been a member of the board of directors of General Mills, Inc., a manufacturer
    and marketer of branded consumer foods, since December 2015, and serves as chair of its finance committee and as a member
    of its corporate governance committee; and International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc., a creator of flavors and fragrances,
    since April 2010, and serves as chair of its compensation committee. Roger is also a member of the Smithsonian Institution’s
    Board of Regents and serves on the New York State Insurance Advisory Board. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts
    and Sciences and co-chairs its Commission on the Future of the Undergraduate Education. He is currently Chairman of the Conference
    Board and serves on the boards of the American Council of Life Insurers, the Institute for Advanced Study, the Memorial Sloan
    Kettering Cancer Center, and Teachers College of Columbia University. He is a fellow of the American Philosophical Society
    and a member of the Economic Club of New York, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Group of Thirty. Roger holds a Bachelor
    of Arts degree in economics, a Doctoral degree in economics, and a Juris Doctor degree, all from Harvard University. ANN MATHER Director since: 2005 Ann Mather has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November
    2005. Ann has been a member of the board of directors of Airbnb, Inc., a home sharing platform company, since August 2018,
    and serves as chair of its audit committee; Arista Networks, Inc., a computer networking company, since June 2013, and serves
    as chair of its audit committee; Bumble Inc., a social network company, since March 2020, and serves as its nonexecutive chair
    of the board; and Netflix, Inc., a streaming media company, since July 2010, and serves as chair of its audit committee. Ann
    has also been an independent trustee to the Dodge & Cox Funds board of trustees since May 2011. Ann was previously
    a director of Glu Mobile Inc., a publisher of mobile games, from September 2005 to February 2021, and a director of Shutterfly,
    Inc., an internet-based image publishing company, from May 2013 to September 2019. From 1999 to 2004, Ann was Executive Vice
    President and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar, a computer animation film studio. Prior to her service at Pixar, Ann was Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Village Roadshow Pictures, the film production division of Village Roadshow
    Limited. Ann holds a Master of Arts degree from Cambridge University in England, is an honorary fellow of Sidney Sussex College,
    Cambridge, and is a chartered accountant. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers ALAN R.
    MULALLY Director since: 2014 Alan R. Mulally has served as a member of our Board of Directors
    since July 2014. Alan served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ford Motor Company, a global automotive company,
    from September 2006 through June 2014. Alan was previously a director of Ford and served on its finance committee from September
    2006 through June 2014. From March 2001 to September 2006, Alan served as Executive Vice President of the Boeing Company and
    President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Inc. He also was a member of the Boeing Executive Council.
    Prior to that time, he served as President of Boeing’s space and defense business. Alan served as co-chair of the Washington
    Competitiveness Council and sat on the advisory boards of NASA, the University of Washington, the University of Kansas, the
    Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the U.S. Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. He is a member of the U.S. National
    Academy of Engineering and a fellow of England’s Royal Academy of Engineering. Alan holds a Bachelor of Science and
    Master of Science degrees in aeronautical and astronautical engineering from the University of Kansas, and a Master of Science
    degree in management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a 1982 Alfred P. Sloan fellow. K. RAM SHRIRAM Director since: 1998 K. Ram Shriram has served as a member of our Board of Directors since
    September 1998. Ram has been a managing partner of Sherpalo Ventures, LLC, an angel venture investment company, since January
    2000. From August 1998 to September 1999, Ram served as Vice President of Business Development at Amazon.com, Inc., an internet
    retail company. Prior to that, Ram served as President at Junglee Corporation, a provider of database technology, which was
    acquired by Amazon.com in 1998. Ram was an early member of the executive team at Netscape Communications Corporation. Ram
    is a board member on the Stanford Health Care Board of Trustees, as well as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
    Ram holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from the University of Madras, India. ROBIN L.
    WASHINGTON Director since: 2019 Robin L. Washington has served as a member of our Board of Directors
    since April 2019. Robin served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a biopharmaceutical
    company, from May 2008 to November 2019 where she oversaw Global Finance, Facilities and Operations, Investor Relations, and
    the Information Technology organizations. Robin remained with Gilead in an advisory capacity from November 2019 until March
    2020. From January 2006 to June 2007, Robin served as Chief Financial Officer of Hyperion Solutions Corporation, an enterprise
    software company. Prior to Hyperion, Robin served in a number of executive positions with PeopleSoft, Inc., a provider of
    enterprise application software. Robin also served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller of PeopleSoft along with
    several other senior financial roles at the company from 1996 to 2005. Prior to PeopleSoft, Robin was Director of Finance
    for Tandem Computers, an Accounting Analyst for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, and a Senior Auditor for Deloitte &
    Touche. Robin has been a member of the board of directors of Honeywell International, Inc., a diversified technology and manufacturing
    company, since April 2013, and serves as a member of its audit committee; salesforce.com, inc., a provider of customer relationship
    management technology, since September 2013, and serves as chair of its audit committee; and Vertiv Holdings Co., a provider
    of digital infrastructure technology, since February 2020, and serves as a member of its audit committee. Robin also serves
    on the Board of Visitors, Graziadio School of Business and Management, Pepperdine University; the President’s Council &
    Ross Business School Advisory Board, University of Michigan; and the UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital Oakland Board
    of Directors. Robin holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration from the University of Michigan, a Master of
    Business Administration degree from Pepperdine University, and is a certified public accountant. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 20 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers RUTH M.
    PORAT Senior Vice President,
    Chief Financial Officer, Alphabet and Google Ruth M. Porat joined Google as Senior Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer in May 2015 and held the same title at Alphabet since it was created in October 2015. She is responsible
    for Finance, Business Operations and Real Estate & Workplace Services. Prior to joining Google, Ruth was Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley, and held roles there that included Vice Chairman of Investment
    Banking, Co-Head of Technology Investment Banking, and Global Head of the Financial Institutions Group. Ruth has been a member
    of the board of directors of The Blackstone Group Inc., a financial services company, since June 2020, and serves as a member
    of its audit committee. Ruth also serves as a member of the board of directors of Stanford Management Company, the board of
    directors of the Council on Foreign Relations, a member of the advisory council of the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary
    Policy at the Brookings Institution, and a member of the Economic Strategy Group at the Aspen Institute. Ruth holds a Bachelor
    of Arts degree from Stanford University, a Master of Science degree from The London School of Economics, and a Master of Business
    Administration degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. PRABHAKAR
    RAGHAVAN Senior Vice President, Google Prabhakar Raghavan has served as Senior Vice President of Google since
    November 2018. He is responsible for Google Search, Assistant, Geo, Ads, Commerce, and Payments products. Previously, he served
    as Senior Vice President, Ads, from October 2018 to June 2020, and as Vice President, Apps, from May 2014 to October 2018.
    Prior to joining Google in March 2012, Prabhakar founded and led Yahoo! Labs, served as the chief technology officer at Verity,
    and held various positions over the course of fourteen years at IBM Research. Prabhakar is a member of the National Academy
    of Engineering; a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery and the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers
    (IEEE), and was a Consulting Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University. In 2009, he was awarded a Laurea honoris
    causa from the University of Bologna. Prabhakar holds a Bachelor of Technology degree from the Indian Institute of Technology
    Madras and a Doctoral degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkeley. PHILIPP
    SCHINDLER Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer, Google Philipp Schindler has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Business
    Officer of Google since August 2015, overseeing global and regional sales activities for Google and YouTube, global technical
    and consumer support and operations, partnership and business development teams across key product areas. Philipp previously
    served as Vice President of Global Sales and Operations from January 2012 to July 2015; as President for Northern and Central
    Europe from June 2009 to January 2012; and as Managing Director, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Nordics from September
    2005 to June 2009. Prior to joining Google, Philipp served as a senior vice president at AOL Germany, and prior to that, Philipp
    served as the head of marketing at CompuServe in Germany, a subsidiary of AOL Inc. Philipp holds a Diplom Kaufmann (Master
    of Business Administration) degree with distinction in business administration and management from the European Business School
    in Oestrich-Winkel, Germany. He is also a scholar of the Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes, the German Academic Scholarship
    Foundation. KENT WALKER Senior Vice President, Global Affairs, and
    Chief Legal Officer, Google, and Corporate Secretary, Alphabet Kent Walker has served as Senior Vice President, Global Affairs, and
    Chief Legal Officer of Google since June 2018 and Corporate Secretary of Alphabet since January 2020. He oversees teams responsible
    for content policy, government affairs, legal matters, philanthropy, and responsible innovation. Since joining Google in 2006,
    he has led Google’s advocacy on competition, content, copyright, and privacy. He previously served as Senior Vice President
    and General Counsel of Google from December 2010 to 2019 and as Vice President and General Counsel of Google from November
    2006 to December 2010. He served as the first chair of the Global Internet Forum to Counter Terrorism and chairs Google’s
    Advanced Technology Review Council. He previously served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in San Francisco and Washington D.C.
    and went on to hold executive positions at Netscape, AOL, and eBay. He currently serves on the Board of Overseers of Harvard
    University. Kent holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in social studies from Harvard University and a Juris Doctor degree from
    Stanford Law School. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS We have adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting
officer), and employees, known as the Alphabet Code of Conduct. We have also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which, in
conjunction with our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and charters of the standing committees of our Board of Directors, form
the framework for our corporate governance. The Alphabet Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the
Investor Relations section of our website at https://abc.xyz/investor/. We will post amendments to the Alphabet Code of Conduct
or any waivers of the Alphabet Code of Conduct for directors and executive officers on the same website. Stockholders may request printed copies of the
Alphabet Code of Conduct, the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and committee charters at no charge by sending inquiries to: Investor Relations Alphabet Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 Email: investor-relations@abc.xyz Board Meetings During 2020, the Board of Directors held
four meetings and acted by unanimous written/electronic consent three times. Each director attended at least 75% of all Board
of Directors and applicable committee meetings. We encourage our directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. Ten
directors attended Alphabet’s 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Board Leadership Structure In January 2018, John L. Hennessy, the
then Lead Independent Director, was appointed to serve as Alphabet’s Chair of the Board. In December 2019, Sundar
became the Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet. The Board of Directors believes that this leadership
structure, which separates the Chair and Chief Executive Officer roles, is appropriate at this time in light of the evolution of
Alphabet’s business and operating environment. In particular, the Board of Directors believes that this structure clarifies
the individual roles and responsibilities of Chief Executive Officer and Chair, streamlines decision-making, and enhances accountability.
John, a long-standing member of the Board, has in-depth knowledge of the issues, challenges, and opportunities facing us. As such,
the Board of Directors believes that he is best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board of Directors’ time
and attention are focused on the most critical matters. His role enables decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability, and
enhances the ability to communicate our messages and strategy. Each of the director nominees standing for election,
other than Larry, Sergey, and Sundar, is independent (see “Director Independence” on page 27 of this proxy statement),
and the Board of Directors believes that the independent directors provide effective oversight of management. Board Committees Our Board of Directors is currently composed
of eleven directors. Our Board of Directors has the following four standing committees: 1. an Audit and Compliance Committee, 2. a Leadership Development and Compensation Committee, 3. a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and 4. an Executive Committee. From time to time, the Board of Directors may
also establish ad hoc committees to address particular matters. Each of the standing committees operates under a written charter
adopted by the Board of Directors. All of the current standing committee charters are available on the Investor Relations section
of our website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/board/. Printed copies of the charters are available at no charge to any stockholder
who requests them by following the instructions above. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 22 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers The membership and meetings during 2020 and the primary functions
of each of the standing committees are described below. Board of Directors Audit and Compliance Committee Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Executive Committee Larry
    Page Sergey
    Brin Sundar
    Pichai John
    L. Hennessy* Frances
    H. Arnold* L.
    John Doerr* Roger
    W. Ferguson Jr.* Ann
    Mather* Alan
    R. Mulally* K.
    Ram Shriram* Robin
    L. Washington (1) * Member Committee Chair * Independent Director (1) Robin was appointed Chair of the Leadership Development and Compensation
    Committee effective January 19, 2021. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Audit
    and Compliance Committee The
                                         main function of our Audit and Compliance Committee is to oversee our accounting and
                                         financial reporting processes, oversee our relationship with our independent auditors,
                                         provide oversight regarding significant financial matters, and review and discuss with
                                         management the company’s major risk exposures. The Audit and Compliance Committee’s
                                         responsibilities include: • Selecting, hiring, and compensating our independent auditors. • Approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditors. • Evaluating the qualifications, performance, and independence of our auditors. • Overseeing and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as
        they relate to financial statements or accounting matters. • Overseeing the risks and exposures associated with (1) financial matters, and in particular, financial strategy, financial reporting,
        tax, accounting, disclosure, internal control over financial reporting, investment guidelines and credit and liquidity
        matters; (2) data privacy and security, competition, civil and human rights, sustainability, and reputational risks; and
        (3) our operations and infrastructure, particularly reliability, business continuity and capacity. • Overseeing the design, implementation, adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and reviewing the appointment of an internal
        auditing executive and reviewing any significant issues raised by the internal audit team. • Reviewing
        with management and the independent auditors our annual audited financial statements, quarterly financial statements,
        earnings announcements, and other public announcements regarding our results of operations. • Reviewing
        regulatory filings with management and our independent auditors. • Preparing
        any report the SEC requires for inclusion in our annual proxy statement. • Obtaining,
        reviewing, and discussing reports from the independent auditors about all critical accounting policies and practices,
        alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles, ramifications of their
        use, and other material written communications between the independent auditors and our management. • Reviewing
        and approving related party transactions. • Establishing
        and overseeing processes and procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints and confidential and anonymous
        employee submissions about accounting, internal accounting controls, or audit matters. • Reviewing
        and approving policies related to insider trading, related party transactions, investments and accounting for marketable
        securities, hedging, code of conduct, and global commitment and signature authority, and reviewing the implementation
        and effectiveness of these policies and Alphabet’s overall compliance program. During 2020, the Audit and Compliance
        Committee held six meetings and acted by unanimous written/electronic consent three times. Our Audit and Compliance Committee currently
        comprises Ann (Chair), Roger, and Alan, each of whom is a non-employee member of our Board of Directors. Our Board of
        Directors has determined that each of the directors serving on our Audit and Compliance Committee is independent within
        the meaning of the rules of the SEC and the Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ). The Board of Directors has determined
        that, based on her professional qualifications and experience described above, Ann is an audit committee financial expert
        as defined under the rules of the SEC, and that each member of the Audit and Compliance Committee is able to read and
        understand fundamental financial statements as required by the Listing Rules of NASDAQ. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 24 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Leadership Development and Compensation Committee The purpose of our Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
        is to oversee our compensation programs for the members of the Board of Directors and our employees.The Leadership Development
        and Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include: • Reviewing and
        approving our general compensation strategy. • Establishing annual
        and long-term performance goals for our senior management. • Conducting and
        reviewing with our Board of Directors an annual evaluation of the performance of our senior management, as appropriate. • Evaluating the
        competitiveness of the compensation of our senior management. • Reviewing and
        approving the selection of our peer companies for the purposes of benchmarking compensation. • Reviewing and
        approving all salaries, bonuses, equity awards, perquisites, post-service arrangements, stock ownership requirements, and other
        compensation and benefit plans for Alphabet’s Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management. • Reviewing and
        approving the terms of any offer letters, employment agreements, termination agreements or arrangements, change-in-control agreements,
        indemnification agreements, and other material agreements between us, on the one hand, and our Chief Executive Officer or member
        of senior management, on the other. • Acting as the
        administering committee for our stock and bonus plans and for any equity, cash, or similar compensation arrangements that may be
        adopted by us from time to time. • Providing oversight
        for our overall compensation plans and benefit programs for employees, monitoring trends in executive and overall compensation,
        and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to improvements to such plans and programs or the adoption of
        new plans and programs. • Reviewing and
        recommending to our Board of Directors for approval compensation programs and stock ownership requirements, as well as salaries,
        fees, bonuses, and equity awards for the non-employee members of our Board of Directors in conjunction with the Nominating and
        Corporate Governance Committee. • Reviewing plans
        for the development, retention, and succession of our senior management. • Reviewing executive
        education and development programs. • Monitoring total
        equity usage for compensation and establishing appropriate equity dilution levels. • Reviewing and
        discussing with management the annual Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) disclosure and the related narrative and
        tabular presentations regarding named executive officer compensation and, based on this review and these discussions, making a
        recommendation to include the CD&A disclosure and the tabular presentations in our annual public filings. • Preparing and
        approving the annual Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Report to be included in our annual public filings. • Overseeing risks
        and exposures associated with leadership assessment, management succession planning, and the operation and structure of compensation
        programs and arrangements, including incentive plans. • Investigating
        any matters brought to its attention, with full access to all books, records, facilities, and employees. During 2020, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
        held four meetings and acted by unanimous written/electronic consent eleven times. Our Leadership Development and Compensation Committee currently comprises
        Robin (Chair), L. John Doerr, and Ram, each of whom is a non-employee member of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors
        has determined that each of the directors serving on our Leadership Development and Compensation Committee is independent as defined
        in the Listing Rules of NASDAQ. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 25 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s purpose
        is to assist our Board of Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become members of our Board of Directors consistent
        with criteria set by our Board of Directors and as provided in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, to oversee the evaluation of
        the Board of Directors and management, and to develop and update our corporate governance principles. The Nominating and Corporate
        Governance Committee’s responsibilities include: • Evaluating the
        composition, size, tenure, organization, and governance of the Board of Directors and its committees, determining future requirements,
        and making recommendations to the Board of Directors about the appointment of directors to our committees, and the selection of
        chairs of these committees. • Reviewing the
        chair of each committee at least every three years and making recommendations to the Board of Directors. • Periodically reviewing
        and recommending to our Board of Directors for approval compensation programs for non-employee members of our Board of Directors
        in conjunction with the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee. • Reviewing and
        recommending to our Board of Directors director independence determinations made with respect to continuing and prospective directors. • Reviewing and
        recommending to the Board of Directors Section 16 officer determinations with respect to our executive officers. • Establishing a
        policy for considering director nominees for election to our Board of Directors. • Recommending ways
        to enhance communications and relations with our stockholders. • Evaluating and
        recommending candidates for election to our Board of Directors consistent with criteria approved by the Board of Directors and
        as provided by the Corporate Governance Guidelines, including nominees recommended by stockholders and nominees to fill interim
        vacancies. • Reviewing, and
        determining whether to recommend that the Board of Directors accept, the resignation of any director who has tendered his or her
        resignation in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines. • Overseeing our
        Board of Directors’ performance and annual self-evaluation process and developing continuing education programs for our directors. • Evaluating whether
        a director who notifies our Board of Directors of a change in job responsibilities continues to satisfy the Board’s membership
        criteria and independence requirements and recommending action to be taken, if any, with respect to the director. • Evaluating and
        recommending to the Board of Directors termination of service of individual members of the Board of Directors as appropriate, in
        accordance with governance principles, for cause or for other proper reasons. • Overseeing risks
        and exposures associated with director and management succession planning, corporate governance, and overall Board effectiveness. During 2020, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held
        five meetings and acted by unanimous written consent once. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee currently comprises
        John L. Hennessy (Chair) and Frances, each of whom is a non-employee member of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has
        determined that each of the directors serving on our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent as defined in
        the Listing Rules of NASDAQ. Executive Committee The Executive Committee serves as an administrative committee of the Board of Directors to act upon and facilitate the consideration by senior management and the Board of Directors of certain high-level business and strategic matters. During 2020, the Executive Committee did not hold any meetings. Our Executive Committee currently comprises Larry (Chair), Sergey, and Sundar. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 26 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Director Independence Our Board of Directors has adopted independence
standards that mirror the criteria specified by applicable laws and regulations of the SEC and the Listing Rules of NASDAQ. Our
Board of Directors has determined that each of the director nominees standing for election, except Larry, Sergey, and Sundar, is
an independent director under these standards. In determining the independence of our directors, our Board of Directors considered
all transactions in which we and any director had any interest, including those discussed under “Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions” on pages 34-36 of this proxy statement, transactions involving payments made by us to companies in
the ordinary course of business where certain of our directors serve on the board of directors or as a member of the executive
management team of the other company, and transactions involving payments made by us to educational institutions with director
affiliations. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation During 2020, L. John Doerr, Ram, and Robin served
on the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee. None of the members of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
has been an officer or employee of Alphabet. None of our executive officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee
of a company that has an executive officer that serves on our Board of Directors or the Leadership Development and Compensation
Committee. Consideration of Director Nominees Stockholder Recommendations and Nominees Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
a standing committee of our Board of Directors, considers properly submitted recommendations for candidates to our Board of Directors
from stockholders. In evaluating such recommendations, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance
of experience, knowledge, integrity, and capability on our Board of Directors and to address the membership criteria set forth
under “Director Selection Process and Qualifications” below. Any stockholder recommendations for consideration
by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee should include the candidate’s name, biographical information, information
regarding any relationships between the candidate and the company within the last three years, at least three personal references,
a statement of recommendation of the candidate from the stockholder, a description of our shares beneficially owned by the stockholder,
a description of all arrangements between the candidate and the recommending stockholder and any other person pursuant to which
the candidate is being recommended, a written indication of the candidate’s willingness to serve on our Board of Directors,
any other information required to be provided under securities laws and regulations, and a written indication to provide such other
information as the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may reasonably request. There are no differences in the manner
in which the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates nominees for director based on whether the nominee is recommended
by a stockholder or otherwise. Stockholder recommendations to our Board of Directors should be sent to us by one of the following
two ways: 1. via mail with a copy via email: 2. via email only: Alphabet Inc. Attn: Corporate Secretary 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 With a copy via email: corporatesecretary@abc.xyz OR corporatesecretary@abc.xyz In addition, our bylaws permit stockholders to
nominate directors for consideration at an annual meeting. For a description of the process for nominating directors in accordance
with our bylaws, see “Questions and Answers about the Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting—Question 27. What is the
deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to nominate individuals to
serve as directors?” on page 83 of this proxy statement. Director Selection Process and Qualifications Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will evaluate and recommend candidates for membership on our Board of Directors consistent with criteria established by our Board
of Directors in our policy with regard to the selection of director nominees. Pursuant to this policy, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee screens candidates and evaluates the qualifications of ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 27 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers the persons nominated by or recommended by
our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends director nominees who are ultimately approved
by the full Board of Directors. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for directors. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
regularly assesses the appropriate size and composition of the Board of Directors, the needs of the Board of Directors and the
respective committees of the Board of Directors, and the qualifications of candidates in light of these needs. Candidates may come
to the attention of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee through stockholders, management, current members of the
Board of Directors, or search firms. The evaluation of these candidates may be based solely upon the information provided to the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or may also include discussions with persons familiar with the candidate, an interview
of the candidate, or other actions the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee deems appropriate, including the use of third
parties to review candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may, at Alphabet’s expense, retain search
firms, consultants, and other advisors to identify, screen, and/or evaluate candidates. When considering a potential non-incumbent candidate,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will factor into its determination the following qualities, among others: integrity,
professional reputation and strength of character, educational background, knowledge of our business, diversity of professional
experience, including whether the person is a current or former chief executive officer or chief financial officer of a public
company or the head of a division of a large international organization, and ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders
and to provide practical insights and diverse perspectives. Additionally, due to the global and complex nature of our business,
our Board of Directors believes it is important to consider diversity of race, ethnicity, gender identity, age, education, cultural
background, and professional experiences in evaluating board candidates. Accordingly, when evaluating candidates for nomination
as new directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, and will ask any search firm that it engages
to provide, a set of candidates that includes both underrepresented people of color and different genders. Candidates also are
evaluated in light of our other policies, such as those relating to independence and service on other boards, as well as considerations
relating to the size, structure, and needs of our Board of Directors. As part of its consideration of director succession, our
Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitor whether the directors as a group meet the criteria
for the composition of the Board of Directors, including overall diversity of perspective and experience. Our Board of Directors is composed of a diverse
group of leaders in their respective fields. Many of the current directors have senior leadership experience at major domestic
and international companies. In these positions, they have also gained experience in core management skills, such as strategic
and financial planning, public company financial reporting, compliance, risk management, leadership development, and international
business experience. Most of our directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other public
companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, different business processes, challenges, and
strategies. Other directors have experience as presidents or trustees of significant academic, research, and philanthropic institutions,
which brings unique perspectives to the Board of Directors. Further, our directors also have other experience that makes them valuable
members, such as entrepreneurial experience and experience developing technology or managing technology companies, which provides
insight into strategic and operational issues faced by us. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
and the Board of Directors believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences
of our board members described below, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to guide our strategies
and monitor their execution. Larry Page • Business leadership,
        operational experience, and experience developing technology as Co-Founder of Google and former Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet. • In-depth knowledge
        of the technology sector and experience in developing transformative business models. Sergey Brin • Business leadership,
        operational experience, and experience developing technology as Co-Founder of Google and former President of Alphabet. • In-depth knowledge
        of the technology sector and experience in developing transformative business models. Sundar Pichai • Business leadership,
        operational experience, and experience developing technology as Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet and Google. • In-depth knowledge
        of the technology sector, and experience in developing Alphabet and Google’s products and services and leading its strategic
        vision, management, and operations. • Outside board
        experience as a former director of Jive Software, Inc. John L. Hennessy • Leadership and
        management experience as former President of Stanford University. • Experience developing
        technology businesses as founder of MIPS Technologies, Inc. and chief architect of Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc. • Outside board
        experience as a director of the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub and a former director of Atheros Communications, Inc. and Cisco Systems,
        Inc. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 28 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Frances H. Arnold • Leadership and
        management experience managing a research group at the California Institute of Technology and co-chair of the President’s
        Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. • Recipient of the
        2018 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for her work on directed evolution of enzymes. • Outside board
        experience as a director of Illumina, Inc., and experience as an advisory panel member of David and Lucile Packard Foundation,
        and vice chair of the board of trustees of Gordon Research Conferences. L. John Doerr • Global business
        leadership as general partner of Kleiner Perkins. • Extensive financial
        and investment expertise as a venture capitalist. • In-depth knowledge
        of the technology sector and visionary in the industry. • Outside board
        experience, including as a director of Amyris, Inc. and Coursera Inc., and a former director of Bloom Energy Corporation, Amazon.com,
        Inc., Intuit, Inc., and Zynga, Inc. • Experience as
        a member of the Board of Trustees of the Aspen Institute. Roger W. Ferguson Jr. • Global business
        leadership and extensive financial, capital markets, and management expertise as President and Chief Executive Officer of TIAA. • Outside board
        experience as a director of TIAA, General Mills, Inc., and International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. • Extensive experience
        in management consulting and various policy-making roles, including as Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal
        Reserve System. • Experience as
        a Chairman of The Conference Board, a trustee of the Institute for Advanced Study, Group of Thirty, Teachers College at Columbia
        University, and a board member of the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution and a board of overseers member of the Memorial Sloan
        Kettering Cancer Center. Ann Mather • Deemed an “audit
        committee financial expert” with over 20 years of experience in finance and operations of technology companies, particularly
        publicly traded companies with knowledge of complex global financial and business matters. • Global business
        leadership and extensive financial experience as former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar. • Outside board
        and audit committee experience as a director of Airbnb, Inc., Arista Networks, Inc., Bumble Inc., Netflix, Inc., and a former
        director of Central European Media Enterprises Group, Glu Mobile Inc., Shutterfly, Inc. and Solazyme, Inc. Alan R. Mulally • Global business
        leadership and extensive financial and management expertise as former President and Chief Executive Officer of Ford Motor Company,
        Executive Vice President of the Boeing Company, and President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Inc. • Valuable experience
        in addressing issues ranging from corporate strategy, operational excellence, governance, and sales and marketing. • Outside board
        experience as a trustee of the Mayo Clinic and a former director of Ford Motor Company. K. Ram Shriram • Global business
        leadership as founder and managing partner of Sherpalo Ventures, former Vice President of Business Development at Amazon.com, Inc.,
        President of Junglee Corporation, and a member of the executive team of Netscape Communications Corporation. • Extensive financial
        and investment expertise as a venture capitalist. • Experience as
        a former Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Stanford University, a board member on the Stanford Health Care Board of Trustees,
        as well as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a director of Magic Bus, and a charter member of The lndUs Entrepreneurs. • Outside board
        experience as a director of several private companies. Robin L. Washington • Extensive financial
        and management expertise and global business leadership as former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gilead
        Sciences, Inc., Hyperion Solutions Corporation, and former executive of PeopleSoft, Inc. • In-depth knowledge
        of the technology sector. • Outside board
        experience as a director of Honeywell International, Inc., salesforce.com, inc., and Vertiv Holdings Co. • Experience as
        a member of the Advisory Board of the University of Michigan, a member of the Board of Visitors of Graziadio School of Business
        Management of Pepperdine University, and a member of the Board of UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital. Management Succession Planning One of our Board of Directors’ principal duties is to review
management succession planning. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee reviews at least annually and recommends
to the full Board of Directors plans for the development, retention, and replacement of executive officers, including the Chief
Executive Officer of Alphabet. Additionally, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee are jointly responsible for overseeing the risks and exposures associated with management succession planning. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 29 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Our Board of Directors believes that the directors and the Chief Executive
Officer should collaborate on succession planning and that the entire Board of Directors should be involved in the critical aspects
of the management succession planning process, including establishing selection criteria that reflect our business strategies,
identifying and developing internal candidates to ensure the continuity of our culture, and making key management succession decisions. Management succession is regularly discussed by the directors in meetings
and in executive sessions of the Board of Directors. Directors become familiar with potential successors for key management positions
through various means, including regular organization and talent reviews, presentations to the Board of Directors, and informal
meetings. Board’s Role in Risk Oversight The Board of Directors, as a whole and through its committees, has
responsibility for oversight of risk management. The oversight responsibility of the Board of Directors and its committees is enabled
by management reporting processes, including an annual company-wide risk assessment, that are designed to provide visibility to
the Board of Directors and its committees about the identification, assessment, and management of critical risks and management’s
risk mitigation strategies. While the Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for risk oversight at Alphabet, our Board of
Directors has delegated to its committees oversight of risks associated with their respective areas of responsibility, as summarized
below. When appropriate, the committees provide reports to the full Board of Directors on these and other areas for review. Each
committee meets in executive session with key management personnel and representatives of outside advisors as needed. In particular, the Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit and
Compliance Committee the primary responsibility for the oversight of many of the risks facing our businesses. The Audit and Compliance
Committee’s charter provides that it will review and discuss with management any major risk exposures, including, among others,
the key areas of oversight set forth below, and the steps Alphabet takes to detect, monitor, and actively manage such exposures. Board/Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Full Board Strategic, financial, and execution risks and exposures associated with our business strategy, product innovation, sales roadmap, policy matters, significant litigation and regulatory exposures, and other current matters that may present material risk to our financial performance, operations, infrastructure, plans, prospects or reputation, acquisitions and divestitures, and data privacy, including cybersecurity. Audit and Compliance Committee Risks and exposures associated with (1) financial matters, in particular, financial strategy, financial reporting, tax, accounting, disclosure, internal control over financial reporting, investment guidelines and credit and liquidity matters; (2) data privacy and security, competition, legal, regulatory, compliance, civil and human rights, sustainability, and reputational risks; and (3) our operations and infrastructure, particularly reliability, business continuity, and capacity. Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Risks and exposures associated with leadership assessment, management succession planning, and the operation and structure of executive compensation programs and arrangements, including incentive plans. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Risks and exposures associated with director and management succession planning, corporate governance, and overall board effectiveness. Executive Sessions Executive sessions of independent directors are held in connection
with each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting and at other times as necessary, and are chaired by the Chair of the Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors’ policy is to hold executive sessions without the presence of management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and other non-independent directors. The committees of the Board of Directors also generally meet in
executive session at the end of each committee meeting, except for meetings of the Executive Committee as this committee has no
independent directors. Outside Advisors Our Board of Directors and each of its committees may retain outside
advisors, legal counsel, and consultants of their choosing at our expense. The Board of Directors and its committees need not obtain
management’s consent to retain such outside advisors, legal counsel, and consultants. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 30 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Board Effectiveness, Board Annual Self-Assessment,
Board Education Our Board of Directors and each of its committees perform an annual
self-assessment to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board and its committees in fulfilling their respective obligations. As part
of this annual self-assessment, directors are able to provide feedback on the performance of other directors. The Chair of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee leads the Board of Directors in its review of the results of the annual self-assessment
and takes further action as needed. In addition, all members of our Board of Directors have the opportunity to attend director
education programs to assist them in remaining current with best practices and developments in corporate governance. Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders may contact the Board of Directors about bona fide issues
or questions concerning Alphabet by sending an email or by writing to the Corporate Secretary as follows: Alphabet Inc. Attn: Corporate Secretary 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 Email: directors@abc.xyz Any matter intended for the Board of Directors, or for any individual
member or members of the Board of Directors, should be directed to the email address or street address noted above, with a request
to forward the communication to the intended recipient or recipients. In general, any stockholder communication about bona fide
issues concerning Alphabet delivered to the Corporate Secretary for forwarding to the Board of Directors or specified member or
members will be forwarded in accordance with the stockholder’s instructions. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT 31 Back to Contents COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information, as of April 6, 2021,
concerning, except as indicated by the footnotes below: • Each person whom we know beneficially owns more than five percent of our Class A common
    stock or Class B common stock. • Each of our directors and nominees for the Board of Directors. • Each of our named executive officers (see the section titled “Executive Compensation”
    beginning on page 39 of this proxy statement). • All of our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each beneficial
owner listed in the table is c/o Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the
rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons
and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they
beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 300,746,730 shares
of Class A common stock and 45,836,948 shares of Class B common stock outstanding at April 6, 2021. In computing the number of
shares of Class A and Class B common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed
outstanding shares of Class A common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable within sixty
days of April 6, 2021 to be outstanding, ignoring the withholding of shares of common stock to cover applicable taxes. We did
not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Beneficial
ownership representing less than one percent is denoted with an asterisk (*). The information provided in the table is based on our records,
information filed with the SEC, and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted. Non-voting Class C capital stock
is not included in the table. Voting
    Shares Beneficially Owned Class
    A Common Stock Class
    B Common Stock Total Voting Name
    of Beneficial Owner Shares % Shares % Power (1) % Executive
    Officers and Directors Larry Page — — 19,952,558 43.5 26.3 Sergey Brin — — 19,168,466 41.8 25.3 Sundar Pichai (2) 15,228 * — — * Ruth M. Porat (3) 1,403 * — — * Prabhakar Raghavan — — — — — Philipp Schindler — — — — — Kent Walker — — — — — Frances H. Arnold — — — — — L. John Doerr (4) 145,594 * 1,117,447 2.4 1.5 Roger W. Ferguson Jr. — — — — — John L. Hennessy (5) 3,243 * — — * Ann Mather 836 * — — * Alan R. Mulally — — — — — K. Ram Shriram (6) 144,037 * — — * Robin L. Washington — — — — — All executive officers and directors as
    a group (15 persons) 310,341 (7) * 40,238,471 87.8 53.1 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 32 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Voting
    Shares Beneficially Owned Class
    A Common Stock Class
    B Common Stock Total Voting Name
    of Beneficial Owner Shares % Shares % Power (1) % Other
    > 5% Security Holders BlackRock, Inc. (8) 20,332,319 6.8 — — 2.7 Eric E. Schmidt (9) 15,956 * 3,385,149 7.4 4.5 The Vanguard Group (10) 22,841,117 7.6 — — 3.0 (1) Percentage total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A
    common stock and Class B common stock, voting together as a single class. Each holder of Class B common stock is entitled
    to ten (10) votes per share of Class B common stock, and each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote per
    share of Class A common stock on all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote. The Class A common stock and Class
    B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as may otherwise
    be required by law. The Class B common stock is convertible at any time by the holder into shares of Class A common stock
    on a share-for-share basis upon written notice to the transfer agent. (2) Includes 8,646 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of options that are fully vested and exercisable. (3) Consists of 1,403 shares of Class A common stock held by the Passfield Hall Foundation Inc. Ruth and her spouse are
    officers of the Passfield Hall Foundation Inc. and share voting and investment authority of the shares held by the Foundation.
    The address for the Passfield Hall Foundation Inc. is 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10020-1104. (4) Includes 11,728 shares of Class A common stock held by The Austin 1999 Trust; 11,728 shares of Class A common stock
    held by The Hampton 1999 Trust; 118,653 shares of Class A common stock held by The Benificus Foundation; and 1,117,447 shares
    of Class B common stock held by Vallejo Ventures Trust. John is a trustee of The Austin 1999 Trust and The Hampton 1999 Trust
    and has voting and investment authority over the shares held by these trusts. John disclaims any pecuniary interest in these
    trusts. John is an officer and trustee of the Benificus Foundation and shares the investment authority over the shares held
    by the Benificus Foundation. John disclaims any pecuniary interest in the Benificus Foundation. John is a trustee of Vallejo
    Ventures Trust and shares voting and investment authority over the shares held by such trust. The address for The Austin 1999
    Trust and The Hampton 1999 Trust is c/o Kleiner Perkins, 2750 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, California 94025. The address for
    The Benificus Foundation and Vallejo Ventures Trust is 751 Laurel Street, #717, San Carlos, California 94070. (5) Consists of 3,243 shares of Class A common stock held by the Hennessy 1993 Revocable Trust. John is a trustee of the
    Hennessy 1993 Revocable Trust and has voting and investment authority over the shares held by the Trust. The address for the
    Hennessy 1993 Revocable Trust is 580 Lomita Drive, Stanford, California 94305. (6) Includes 63,041 shares of Class A common stock held by Ram’s spouse and 16,884 shares of Class A common stock
    held by Janket Ventures Limited Partnership. Ram has voting and investment authority over the shares held by Janket Ventures
    Limited Partnership. The address for Janket Ventures L.P. is 2200 Geng Road, Suite 100, Palo Alto, California 94303. (7) Consists of 301,695 shares of Class A common stock and 8,646 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
    of options that are fully vested and exercisable. (8) Based on the most recently available Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021 by BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock,
    Inc., a parent holding company through certain of its subsidiaries, beneficially owned 20,332,319 shares of Class A common
    stock, with sole voting power over 17,468,400 shares, and sole dispositive power over 20,332,319 shares. The address for BlackRock,
    Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055. (9) Based on the most recently available Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021 by Eric E. Schmidt and
    The Schmidt Family Living Trust. Includes 353,074 shares of Class B common stock held by the Schmidt Investments L.P. of which
    the Schmidt Family Living Trust is the sole general partner; and 2,386,199 shares of Class B common stock held by the Schmidt
    Family Living Trust of which Eric is a co-trustee. The address for the Schmidt Investments L.P. and the Schmidt Family Living
    Trust is 555 Bryant Street #347, Palo Alto, California 94301. (10) Based on the most recently available Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021 by The Vanguard Group.
    The Vanguard Group, an investment adviser, beneficially owned through certain of its subsidiaries 22,841,117 shares of Class
    A common stock, with shared voting power over 523,977 shares, sole dispositive power over 21,497,310 shares, and shared dispositive
    power over 1,343,807 shares. The address for The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. — DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive
officers, and holders of more than ten percent of our Class A and Class B common stock and our Class C capital stock to file with
the SEC reports regarding their ownership and changes in ownership of our securities. We believe that, during 2020, our directors,
executive officers, and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. We did however file two
late Form 5 reports for Ruth on February 16, 2021 to report a charitable donation of 729 shares of Class A common stock on July
31, 2017 and a charitable donation of 130 shares of Class A common stock on November 28, 2019. In making this statement, we have relied upon examination of
the copies of Forms 3, 4, and 5, and amendments to these forms provided to us, and the written representations of our directors,
executive officers, and ten percent stockholders. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Back to Contents CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS POLICY AND PROCEDURE Our written Related Party Transactions Policy provides that
we will only enter into or ratify a transaction with a related party when our Board of Directors, acting through the Audit and
Compliance Committee, determines that the transaction is in the best interests of Alphabet and our stockholders. For the purposes of this policy, a related party means: • a member of the Board of Directors (or a nominee to the Board of Directors); • an executive officer; • any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of any class of our
    voting securities; • any immediate family member of any of the persons listed above and any person (other than a tenant
    or employee) sharing the household of such persons; or • any firm, corporation, partnership, or other entity in which any of the persons listed above is
    a general partner or principal or in a similar position or in which any of the persons listed above has a five percent or
    greater beneficial ownership interest. A related party is not deemed to have a direct or indirect material
interest in a transaction and such transaction is not a related party transaction under our policy if such related party’s
interest in such transaction arises only from an ownership interest of less than five percent in, or as a director of, such entity
that is a party to the transaction. We review all known relationships and transactions in which
Alphabet and our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders or their immediate family members are participants
to determine whether such persons have a direct or indirect interest. Our legal staff, in consultation with our finance team,
is primarily responsible for developing and implementing processes and controls to obtain information regarding our directors,
executive officers, and significant stockholders with respect to related party transactions and then determining, based on the
facts and circumstances, whether Alphabet or a related party has a direct or indirect interest in these transactions. On a periodic
basis, our legal and finance teams review all transactions involving payments between Alphabet and any company that has our executive
officer or director as an officer or director. In addition, our directors and executive officers are required to notify us of
any potential related party transactions and provide us with the information regarding such transactions. If our legal department determines that a transaction is
a related party transaction, the Audit and Compliance Committee must review the transaction and either approve or
disapprove it. If advance approval of a transaction is not feasible, the chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee may
approve the transaction, and the Audit and Compliance Committee may ratify the transaction in accordance with the Related
Party Transactions Policy. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction with a related party, the Audit and
Compliance Committee will take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances available to it, including, among any
other factors it deems appropriate: • the benefits to us of the transaction; • the nature of the related party’s interest in the transaction; • whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in
    the best interests of Alphabet and our stockholders; • the potential impact of the transaction on a director’s independence; and • whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated
    third party under the same or similar circumstances. Any member of the Audit and Compliance Committee who is a related
party with respect to a transaction under review may not participate in the deliberations or vote on the approval of the transaction. If a related party transaction will be ongoing, the Audit and
Compliance Committee may establish guidelines for us to follow in our ongoing dealings with the related party. Thereafter, the
Audit and Compliance Committee, on at least an annual basis, will review and assess ongoing relationships with the related party
to monitor compliance with the Audit and Compliance Committee’s guidelines and that the related party transaction remains
appropriate. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, the Audit and Compliance Committee will determine if it is in the
best interests of Alphabet and its stockholders to continue, modify, or terminate the related party transaction. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 34 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Indemnification Agreements We have entered into an indemnification agreement with each
of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements, our certificate of incorporation, and bylaws require
us to indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Use of Moffett Airfield Pursuant to a 60-year lease agreement with NASA in early 2015,
we became the operator of Moffett Airfield (the Airfield). Larry, Sergey, Eric E. Schmidt, and Ram, through their affiliated entities
(the Founder Entities), have historically used and paid NASA applicable fees for the use of the Airfield for their personal aircraft.
As the operator of the Airfield, we charge the Founder Entities fees for the use of the Airfield that are (i) non-preferential
when compared to the fees charged to other private customers landing aircraft at the Airfield, and (ii) derived from rate schedules
that are consistent with what an independent airfield services company believes, based on its industry experience, to be arm’s-length
terms that are fair and reasonable to us as the operator. In 2020, we charged the Founder Entities approximately $418,443. These
flights have not interfered with our business plans for use of the Airfield. These fees are regularly reviewed by our Audit and
Compliance Committee. Larry, Sergey, Eric, and Ram do not have a material interest in any of the transactions described above. License of Hangar Space at Moffett Airfield In December 2015, we entered into an agreement to license a
portion of our hangar space at the Airfield to LTA Research & Exploration LLC (LTA), which is owned by an entity affiliated
with Sergey. From the beginning of 2020 through March 31, 2021, we charged LTA approximately $3,554,618. The Audit and Compliance
Committee believes that this transaction has been conducted on arm’s-length terms that are fair and reasonable to us as
the operator of the Airfield based on its review of market comparables that were further reviewed and validated by an independent
real estate services firm. This license has not interfered with our business plans for the use of the Airfield. Sergey does not
have a material interest in the transaction described above. License of Hangar Space at the San Jose
International Airport In November 2015, we entered into an agreement with BCH San
Jose LLC (BCH) to license the use of a portion of BCH’s hangar space at the Mineta San Jose International Airport to hold
Google’s corporate aircraft. Larry, Sergey, and Eric each own one-third interests in BCH, through their respective affiliated
entities. In 2020, we paid approximately $890,195 to BCH. The Audit and Compliance Committee reviewed market comparables and has
deemed this transaction to be on terms, taken as a whole, no less favorable to us than terms generally available to an unaffiliated
third-party under the same or similar circumstances. Larry, Sergey, and Eric do not have a material interest in the transaction
described above. Investments in Certain Private Companies Google, GV, and Gradient Ventures directly invested, or committed
to invest, an aggregate of approximately $32.1 million in certain private companies from the beginning of 2020 through March 31,
2021, in which Kleiner Perkins was a co-investor or existing investor (excluding Viz.ai, Inc. investment described below). KPCB
Holdings, Inc., as nominee for certain funds of Kleiner Perkins and several of the managers of the fund, holds more than 10% of
the outstanding shares of such private companies. In addition, from time to time, we sell to and purchase from companies in which
Kleiner Perkins holds more than 10% of the outstanding shares, products and services in the ordinary course of our business. L.
John Doerr is a managing director/member of the managing members of those funds. L. John Doerr does not have a material interest
in any of the transactions described above. Office Building Lease In July 2017, we purchased three office buildings in Mountain
View, California, from an unaffiliated third-party seller. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the seller’s existing leases
were transferred to us, including a lease with Kitty Hawk Corporation (formerly Zee.Aero, Inc.), an entity affiliated with Larry.
In June 2019, the lease was divided into three separate lease agreements. Kitty Hawk Corporation currently leases two out of three
buildings. From the beginning of 2020 through March 31, 2021, we charged Kitty Hawk Corporation a total of approximately $1,936,615
in rent and operating expenses to occupy the two buildings. The third building is leased to Wisk Aero LLC, an entity affiliated
with Larry. From the beginning of 2020 through March 31, 2021, we charged Wisk Aero LLC a total of approximately $616,192. Larry
does not have a material interest in the transactions described above. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Equity Investment in Viz.ai, Inc. In June 2018, GV invested $5,000,000 in Viz.ai, Inc., a private
company that develops artificial intelligence assisted medical imaging products (Viz.ai). Between August and October 2019, GV
invested an additional $6,750,000 in the follow-on round of financing. In March 2021, GV invested an additional $2,000,000
in a subsequent round of financing. KPCB Holdings, Inc., as nominee for certain funds of Kleiner Perkins, and Innovation Endeavors
II, L.P. co-invested in Viz.ai alongside GV. Eric is the sole limited partner of Innovation Endeavors II, L.P. L. John Doerr is
a General Partner of Kleiner Perkins. Kleiner Perkins and Innovation Endeavors II, L.P. each hold less than 20% of the outstanding
equity of Viz.ai. In addition, Larry holds an indirect investment in Viz.ai as a limited partner of a venture fund. L. John Doerr,
Eric, and Larry do not have a material interest in the transaction described above. Employment Matters A son of Ruth has been employed by Google in a non-executive
capacity since October 2017. The total compensation of Ruth’s son, which consists of a base salary, bonus, and equity grant,
for services provided to Google in fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020 was below $120,000 each year, and was in line with similar
roles at Google. Certain Relationships From time to time, we engage in certain transactions with other
companies affiliated with our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders or their immediate family members. We
believe that all such arrangements have been entered into in the ordinary course of business and have been conducted on an arm’s-length
basis and do not represent a material interest to such directors, executive officers, or significant stockholders. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 36 Back to Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION — BOARD COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS Alphabet’s director compensation program is designed to
attract and retain highly qualified non-employee directors. Our program aligns director compensation with compensation offered
by peer companies (identified in Section 2 of the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”) that compete with us for
talent. We designed the program to address the time, effort, expertise,
and accountability required of active board membership. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Leadership Development
and Compensation Committee believe that annual compensation for non-employee directors should consist of both cash to compensate
members for their service on the Board of Directors and its committees, and equity to align the interests of directors and stockholders.
By vesting over time, equity also creates an incentive for continued service on our Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee jointly review the compensation programs for non-employee
directors on an annual basis. In 2020, we awarded our standard ongoing compensation to each
of our non-employee directors, including an annual $75,000 cash retainer payable in arrears and an annual $350,000 Class C Google
Stock Unit (GSU) grant. We paid an additional $25,000 annual cash retainer and an additional $150,000 annual GSU grant to John
L. Hennessy, our non-executive Chair of the Board of Directors, given his additional duties in the role. We also paid an additional
$25,000 annual cash retainer to Ann for her role as the Audit and Compliance Committee Chair. We awarded the above-mentioned cash retainers and GSU grants
to our non-employee directors on July 1, 2020, the first Wednesday of the month following the month of our 2020 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders. GSUs entitle the holder to receive one share of Class C common stock for each share underlying the GSU as
the GSU vests. The exact number of GSUs comprising the equity awards was calculated by dividing the target dollar value of the
award by the average closing price of Alphabet’s Class C capital stock during the month of June 2020, rounded up to the
nearest whole share. Annual GSU grants made to our non-employee directors are intended to vest at the rate of 1/48th monthly,
beginning on the 25th day of the month following the grant date until fully vested, subject to continued service on our Board
of Directors through the applicable vesting dates. We reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses in connection with attendance at Board of Directors and committee meetings. Under Alphabet’s Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan,
the aggregate amount of stock-based and cash-based awards that may be granted to any non-employee director in respect of any calendar
year, solely with respect to his or her service as a member of the Board of Directors, is limited to $1.5 million. To align directors’ interests with those of our stockholders,
each director is required to own shares of Alphabet stock equal in value to at least $1.0 million. Each director has five years
from the date he or she became a director to comply with these ownership requirements. All of our directors either met the applicable
minimum stock ownership guideline as of December 31, 2020 or were within the grace period noted above to come into compliance
with these requirements. During 2020, Larry, Sergey, and Sundar served as our employee
directors and did not receive any compensation for their services as members of our Board of Directors. Please see the section
titled “Executive Compensation” for more information about compensation paid to Sundar, who was a named executive
officer during 2020. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director
    and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR 2020 The following table summarizes compensation earned by our directors
other than Sundar during 2020. Name Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) All
    Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Frances
    H. Arnold (2) 38,248 1,188,057 — 1,226,305 Sergey
    Brin (3) — — 1 1 L.
    John Doerr (4) 75,000 352,320 — 427,320 Roger
    W. Ferguson Jr. (5) 75,000 352,320 — 427,320 John
    L. Hennessy (6) 100,000 503,314 — 603,314 Ann
    Mather (4) 100,000 352,320 — 452,320 Alan
    R. Mulally (4) 75,000 352,320 — 427,320 Larry
    Page (3) — — 1 1 K.
    Ram Shriram (4) 75,000 352,320 — 427,320 Robin
    L. Washington (7) 75,000 352,320 — 427,320 (1) The amounts in the Stock Awards column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of GSUs granted
    to directors in 2020 calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification
    (ASC) Topic 718 (Compensation – Stock Compensation). The grant date fair value of GSUs granted to the non-employee directors
    on July 1, 2020 (GSU grant following the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders) was $1,438.04 per share. (2) Frances was appointed to serve as a member of our Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
    effective December 7, 2019. In connection with her appointment, she received our standard initial compensation for new non-employee
    directors consisting of a $1.0 million GSU grant made January 8, 2020 (the first non-holiday Wednesday of the month following
    the month of her appointment). On December 31, 2020, there were 828 Class C GSUs outstanding. Frances’ cash retainer
    was prorated for her period of service. (3) Co-Founders Larry and Sergey serve as employee directors and do not receive any compensation for their services as
    members of our Board of Directors. Their “All Other Compensation” reflects an annual employee salary of $1. (4) On December 31, 2020, there were 577 Class C GSUs outstanding. (5) On December 31, 2020, there were 576 Class C GSUs outstanding. (6) On December 31, 2020, there were 770 Class C GSUs outstanding. (7) On December 31, 2020, there were 754 Class C GSUs outstanding. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 38 Back to Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLE OF CONTENTS THE
    CD&A IS ORGANIZED INTO FOUR SECTIONS: SECTION 1—EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 39 SECTION 2—DETERMINING COMPETITIVE LEVELS OF PAY 40 SECTION 3—ELEMENTS OF PAY AND FISCAL YEAR 2020 PAY DECISIONS 40 SECTION 4—OTHER COMPENSATION INFORMATION 41 — COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Overview Our Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) includes
a detailed discussion of compensation for five named executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020: Section 1—Executive Summary Compensation Philosophy We designed our employee and executive compensation programs
to support three goals: • Attract and retain the world’s best talent • Support our culture of innovation and performance • Align employee and stockholder interests We pay employees competitively compared to other opportunities
they might have in the market. Additionally, we offer competitive benefits to promote the health and happiness of our employees,
provide unique perks that make life and work more convenient, design compelling job opportunities aligned with our mission, and
create a fun and energizing work environment. We believe in pay for performance. Compensation is tied to performance
for all employees who receive more than nominal compensation. The proportion of overall pay tied to performance is higher for
employees at more senior levels in the organization, reflecting their opportunity to have more impact on company performance. We use equity awards to align employee and stockholder interests.
We require our named executive officers and other senior executives to maintain significant holdings of Alphabet stock. See Section
4 of this CD&A for a description of our minimum stock ownership requirements. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director
    and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Section 2—Determining Competitive
Levels of Pay Our executive compensation decisions are informed by market
data in addition to the reviews of individual roles and performance. We use peer group data to obtain compensation benchmarks
for our named executive officers. For 2020, we determined our peer group by evaluating potential
companies against the following criteria: • High-technology or media company • Key talent competitor • High-growth, with a minimum of 50% of Alphabet’s revenue and/or headcount growth over the
    previous two-year period • $25 billion or more in annual revenue • $100 billion or more in market capitalization Considering these criteria, in October 2019, the Leadership
Development and Compensation Committee selected the following peer companies for 2020: Amazon.com,
    Inc. Facebook, Inc. Netflix, Inc. Apple Inc. Intel Corporation Oracle Corporation Cisco Systems, Inc. International Business Machines Corporation salesforce.com, inc. Comcast
    Corporation Microsoft Corporation The Walt Disney Company When appropriate, we supplement publicly available peer group
data with comparable opportunities at other S&P 500 companies and startup organizations. Process for Determining Compensation We regularly review our compensation levels against our peer
group. We also assess executives based on their individual performance and overall company performance. Management uses this information
to develop compensation recommendations for our named executive officers. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
then reviews these recommendations and makes the final decision on compensation for named executive officers. Say-on-Pay and Say-When-on-Pay We hold our advisory vote on executive compensation (commonly
known as a “say-on-pay” vote) every three years, and hold our advisory vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes (commonly
known as “say-when-on-pay” vote) every six years. We will hold both advisory say-on-pay and say-when-on-pay votes
at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee annually reevaluates our compensation
practices to determine how they might be improved. Section 3—Elements of Pay and Fiscal
Year 2020 Pay Decisions Base Salary We use salaries to provide employees, including our named executive
officers, a steady income in line with their skills, experiences, and the job opportunities available to them outside of Alphabet,
as appropriate. For 2020, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
increased Sundar’s base salary to $2.0 million in recognition of his expanded role as Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet
and Google. All other named executive officers’ salaries were maintained at $650,000. Equity Awards Our named executive officers receive all variable pay through
equity awards. We grant equity awards to our named executive officers to reinforce management’s focus on long-term stockholder
value and commitment to the company. Historically, we have designed these awards to cover a multi-year period in order to reward
long-term performance. As a result, a named executive officer may not receive an equity award every year, and the corresponding
Summary Compensation Table values will be higher in years that he or she receives an equity award compared to years when he or
she does not receive an equity award. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 40 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director
    and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 2020 GSU Awards In May 2020, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
granted biennial GSU equity awards that vest over a four-year period to Ruth, Prabhakar, Philipp, and Kent. In determining the
value of their equity awards, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee considered Alphabet’s overall business
performance, each officer’s individual performance in leading their respective organizations, overall role scope, and market
benchmarks against our peer competitors. The following table summarizes the equity award decisions made
by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee with respect to each of our named executive officers (based on target
award value). See the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2020” table on page 45 for further details. Named Executive Number
    of Shares of Stock or Units Granted (1) Aggregate Target Award Value ($) Sundar Pichai — — Ruth M. Porat 37,273 46,000,000 Prabhakar
    Raghavan 40,515 50,000,000 Philipp
    Schindler 48,617 60,000,000 Kent
    Walker 37,273 46,000,000 (1) The exact number of GSUs comprising the equity awards was calculated by dividing the target dollar
    value of the award by the average closing price of Alphabet’s Class C capital stock during the month of April 2020 ($1,234.14),
    rounded up to the nearest whole share. Post-2020 Compensation Changes 2021 PSU Awards In April 2021, the Leadership and Development and Compensation
Committee granted performance stock awards to our named executive officers Ruth, Prabhakar, Philipp, and Kent. Similar to changes
implemented to Sundar’s compensation structure last year, these PSU awards will vest, if at all, on December 31, 2023, based
on the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance of Alphabet relative to the companies comprising the S&P 100 over a 2021-2023
performance period, subject to continued employment on the vesting date. Depending upon performance, the number of PSUs that vest
will range from 0%-200% of target. The PSUs are subject to the terms and conditions of Alphabet’s Amended and Restated 2012
Stock Plan. ESG Bonus In 2022, we intend to introduce a bonus program for members
of Google’s senior executive team. Payouts under the program will be determined in part by performance tied to ESG goals.
The bonus program will be designed to increase focus on creating lasting, meaningful change. We will disclose further details
on this program in a Form 8-K and our 2022 Proxy Statement. Section 4—Other Compensation Information The first three sections of this CD&A describe how we think
about compensation and how that affects our pay practices. Other compensation-related details that may be important considerations
for our investors are discussed below. Risk Considerations The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee reviewed
our compensation programs for employees and concluded that these programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have
a material adverse effect on the company. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee believes
that the design of our annual and long-term incentives focuses performance on long-term value creation and discourages short-term
risk taking at the expense of long-term results. A substantial portion of employees’ compensation is delivered in the
form of equity awards, further aligning their interests with those of stockholders. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee believes
that the following risk oversight and compensation design features safeguard against excessive risk-taking: • The Board of Directors as a whole has responsibility for risk oversight and regularly
    reviews reports on the deliberations of Board committees. In addition, the Board of Directors reviews the strategic, financial,
    and execution risks and exposures associated with the financial, operational, and capital decisions that serve as inputs to
    our compensation programs. • Through discussions with management, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee gains
    insight into a reasonable range of future company performance expectations. This information is incorporated into decisions
    regarding compensation of our named executive officers. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 41 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director
    and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers • The majority of compensation provided to our named executive officers is delivered
    in GSUs and/or PSUs, with payout based on long-term company performance. As compensation of our named executive officers is
    tied to long-term performance, their interests are closely aligned with stockholders and they are motivated to carefully assess
    risks to the company to protect their compensation. • Given that equity compensation comprises a high percentage of our named executive officers’
    overall pay: – Our equity awards are subject to vesting conditions that encourage focus on long-term
    interests rather than only short-term results and create meaningful incentives for executive retention. – Our named executive officers are subject to, and are in compliance with, Alphabet’s minimum
    stock ownership requirements (detailed in the Minimum Stock Ownership Requirements section below). This ensures that each
    named executive officer will hold a significant amount of our equity to further align his or her interests with those of our
    stockholders over the long term. – We prohibit all speculative, short-sale, short-term and hedging transactions involving our securities.
    As a result, our named executive officers cannot insulate themselves from the effects of poor stock price performance. – We have internal controls over financial reporting, the measurement and calculation of performance
    relative to goals, and other financial, operational, and compliance policies and practices designed to protect our compensation
    programs from manipulation by any employee. Timing of Equity Award Grants The effective grant date for equity awards to employees, members
of our Board of Directors, and non-employee advisors is typically the first non-holiday Wednesday of the month following the date
on which the equity award is approved by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee, unless otherwise specified by
our Board of Directors or the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee does not
grant equity awards in anticipation of the release of material nonpublic information. Similarly, we do not time the release of
material nonpublic information based on equity award grant dates. Minimum Stock Ownership Requirements To align our named executive officers’ interests with
those of our stockholders, the Board of Directors has instituted minimum stock ownership requirements under our Corporate Governance
Guidelines. Our current minimum stock ownership requirements are as follows:
(i) the Founders of Google and the Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet and Google shall each own shares of Alphabet stock equal
in value to at least $30.0 million; and (ii) senior vice presidents of Alphabet or Google shall each own shares of Alphabet stock
equal in value to at least $6.0 million. The Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet and Google, and senior
vice presidents of Alphabet or Google shall have five years from hire or promotion to their respective levels to comply with the
minimum stock ownership requirements. Alphabet advisors who do not receive annual equity awards and the chief executive officers
of Alphabet’s Other Bets are exempt from the minimum stock ownership requirements. All of our named executive officers have met the applicable
minimum stock ownership requirements as of December 31, 2020. Insider Trading, Hedging, and Pledging Policies Our policy against insider trading prohibits all employees and
directors from engaging in any speculative or hedging transactions in our securities. We prohibit hedging transactions such as
puts, calls, collars, swaps, forward sale contracts, exchange funds, and similar arrangements or instruments designed to hedge
or offset decreases in the market value of Alphabet’s securities. No employee or director may engage in short sales of Alphabet
securities, hold Alphabet securities in a margin account, or pledge Alphabet securities as collateral for a loan. Perquisites and Other Benefits Like all employees, our named executive officers are eligible
to participate in various employee benefit plans, including medical, dental, and vision care plans, flexible spending accounts
for health and dependent care, life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability, and travel insurance, survivor income benefit,
employee assistance programs (e.g., confidential counseling), matching gift program, and paid time off. We also pay life insurance
premiums for all employees (other than Larry and Sergey). In addition, we maintain a tax qualified 401(k) retirement savings
plan with both pre-tax and after-tax Roth savings features for eligible employees, including our named executive officers. In
2020, we provided a company match equal to the greater of 100% of contributions up to $3,000, or 50% of the maximum contribution
under the Internal Revenue Code ($19,500) for a maximum match of $9,750, per employee (other than Larry and Sergey). Our company
match is fully vested at the time of contribution. Participants are not taxed on their pre-tax contributions or earnings on those
contributions until distribution, but pre-tax contributions and all company matching contributions are deductible by us when made.
Participants are taxed on their after-tax Roth contributions, and all company matching contributions and after-tax Roth contributions
are deductible by us when made. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 42 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director
    and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers In 2020, we paid for personal security for Sundar, and incremental
costs related to the personal use of non-commercial aircraft for Ruth and Philipp. Pursuant to our Non-Commercial Aircraft Policy,
which sets forth the guidelines and procedures for the personal use of non-commercial aircraft, named executive officers and their
guests may use company aircraft with appropriate approvals and pay tax on any associated imputed income. No Additional Executive Benefit Plans Since we do not generally differentiate the benefits we offer
our named executive officers from the benefits we offer other employees, we do not maintain any benefit plans that cover only
named executive officers. We also do not maintain any executive retirement programs such as executive pension plans or supplemental
executive retirement plans. — LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee has reviewed
and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on its review and discussions with management, the
Leadership Development and Compensation Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis
be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and in this proxy statement. LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robin L. Washington, Chair L. John Doerr K. Ram Shriram ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 43 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation
paid to, or earned by, our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Sundar Pichai 2020 2,015,385 — 5,410,162 (4) 7,425,547 Chief Executive Officer, Alphabet and Google, and Director 2019 650,000 276,612,072 3,359,480 280,621,552 2018 650,000 — 1,231,066 1,881,066 Ruth M. Porat 2020 655,000 50,217,913 17,770 50,890,683 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Alphabet and Google 2019 650,000 — 14,052 664,052 2018 650,000 46,612,647 29,357 47,292,004 Prabhakar Raghavan 2020 655,000 54,585,860 9,750 55,250,610 Senior Vice President, Google Philipp Schindler 2020 655,000 65,501,684 226,816 (5) 66,383,500 Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer, Google Kent Walker 2020 655,000 50,217,913 9,750 50,882,663 Senior Vice President, Global Affairs and Chief Legal Officer, Google (1) Salaries reflect amounts earned by the named executive officers in the relevant fiscal year. Includes amounts contributed by the named executive officers to their accounts under the 401(k) Plan. Salary amounts shown above reflect actual salary paid in each year, and may differ slightly from the official annual salary for each role due to calculations based on the number of working days in each calendar year. (2) Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of GSUs and PSUs computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and are not necessarily an indication of the value that will be realized if and when vesting occurs. The grant date fair value of each GSU award is measured based on the closing price of our Class C capital stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of each PSU award is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model as PSUs contain a market condition at the time of grant (as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and SAB Topic 14). (3) Generally consists of our 401(k) plan company match of up to $9,750 and personal use of company aircraft, unless otherwise noted. The aggregate incremental cost of personal use of the company aircraft is calculated based on a cost-per-flight-hour charge developed by a nationally recognized and independent service. The charge reflects the direct operating cost of the aircraft, including fuel, additives and lubricants, an allocable allowance for airframe, engine and APU maintenance and restoration, crew travel expenses, on-board catering, and trip-related landing/hangar/ramp fees and parking costs. This charge does not include any fixed costs that do not change based on usage, such as pilots’ and other employees’ salaries, home hangar expenses, and general taxes and insurance. (4) Includes $5,400,412 for personal security. (5) Includes $215,660 for personal use of aircraft chartered by the company. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 44 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
    IN 2020 The following table provides information regarding the equity awards
granted in 2020 to our named executive officers. Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards Equity Grants Name Grant Date Date of Approval of Equity Awards by Committee Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (1) (#) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards (2) ($) Sundar Pichai — — — — — — — Ruth M. Porat 5/6/2020 4/21/2020 — — — 37,273 50,217,913 Prabhakar Raghavan 5/6/2020 4/21/2020 — — — 40,515 54,585,860 Philipp Schindler 5/6/2020 4/21/2020 — — — 48,617 65,501,684 Kent Walker 5/6/2020 4/21/2020 — — — 37,273 50,217,913 (1) The exact number of GSUs comprising the equity award was calculated by dividing the target GSU grant values by the average closing price of Alphabet’s Class C capital stock during the month of April 2020 ($1,234.14), rounded up to the nearest whole share number. (2) Stock awards (GSUs) are shown at their aggregate grant date fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of GSUs is measured based on the closing price of our Class C capital stock on the date of grant. See “Equity Awards” under Section 3 of the CD&A for details on the GSUs awarded. — DESCRIPTION OF PLAN-BASED
    AWARDS The GSUs granted to named executive officers in fiscal year 2020
were granted under Alphabet’s Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan in accordance with its terms and the applicable award
agreements. See footnotes to the “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End” table below for a description
of the vesting schedule of the GSUs reported in the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2020” table above. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 45 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2020 FISCAL YEAR-END The following table provides information on the current holdings
of stock options and unvested GSUs and PSUs by our named executive officers at December 31, 2020. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options That Are Exercisable (1) (#) Option Exercise Price (2) ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3) ($) Number of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (4) (#) Market Value of Unearned Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3) ($) Sundar Pichai 12/19/2019 (5) — — — 61,337 107,455,064 — — 12/19/2019 (6) — — — — — 69,004 120,886,728 4/4/2012 8,646 318.21 4/4/2022 — — — — 4/4/2012 8,646 316.94 4/4/2022 — — — — Ruth M. Porat 5/6/2020 (7) — — — 27,955 48,973,805 — — 3/7/2018 (8) — — — 10,502 18,398,244 — — Prabhakar Raghavan 5/6/2020 (7) — — — 30,387 53,234,378 — — 12/5/2018 (9) — — — 9,517 16,672,642 — — Philipp Schindler 5/6/2020 (7) — — — 36,463 63,878,800 — — 3/7/2018 (8) — — — 18,264 31,996,336 — — Kent Walker 5/6/2020 (7) — — — 27,955 48,973,805 — — 3/7/2018 (8) — — — 10,502 18,398,244 — — (1) All outstanding options are fully vested and exercisable. (2) The option exercise prices have been adjusted to reflect the April 2, 2014 stock split. (3) The market value of unvested GSUs and PSUs is calculated by multiplying the number of unvested GSUs and PSUs held by the named executive officer by the closing price of our Class C capital stock on December 31, 2020, which was $1,751.88 per share. (4) The number of PSUs included in the table assumes achievement of market-based goals at the target level for each performance tranche. (5) This award vests as follows: 1/12 th of GSUs vested on March 25, 2020 and an additional 1/12 th will vest quarterly thereafter until the units are fully vested, subject to continued employment on such vesting dates. (6) This award vests as follows: Any PSUs vesting per the applicable grant agreement with respect to the January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2021 performance period (Target = 34,502 shares, but between 0 and 69,004 shares may vest in accordance with the market-based requirements in the applicable grant agreement) will vest within 45 days after December 31, 2021; and any PSUs vesting per the applicable grant agreement with respect to the January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 performance period (Target = 34,502 shares, but between 0 and 69,004 shares may vest in accordance with the market-based requirements in the applicable grant agreement) will vest within 45 days after December 31, 2022. (7) This award vests as follows: 1/8 th of GSUs vested on June 25, 2020 and an additional 1/16 th will vest quarterly thereafter until the units are fully vested, subject to continued employment on such vesting dates. (8) This award vests as follows: 1/16 th of GSUs vested on March 25, 2018 and an additional 1/16 th will vest quarterly thereafter until the units are fully vested, subject to continued employment on such vesting dates. (9) This award vests as follows: 1/8 th of GSUs vested on March 25, 2020 and an additional 1/8 th will vest quarterly thereafter until the units are fully vested, subject to continued employment on such vesting dates. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 46 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — OPTIONS EXERCISED AND STOCK
    VESTED IN FISCAL 2020 The following table provides information for the named
executive officers regarding stock option exercises during the year ended December 31, 2020, including the number of shares
acquired upon exercise and the value realized, before payment of any applicable withholding tax and broker commissions,
and GSUs that vested during the same period, before payment of any applicable withholding tax. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise (1) ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting (2) ($) Sundar Pichai 2,918 3,595,837 53,670 76,930,480 Ruth M. Porat — — 19,820 29,103,348 Prabhakar Raghavan — — 19,644 28,910,858 Philipp Schindler — — 30,418 44,505,072 Kent Walker — — 19,820 29,103,348 (1) The value realized on exercise is calculated as the product of (a) the number of shares of our Class A common stock or Class C capital stock, as applicable, for which the stock options were exercised and (b) the excess of the closing price of our Class A common stock or Class C capital stock, as applicable, on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date of the exercise over the applicable exercise price per share of the stock options. (2) The value realized on vesting is calculated as the product of (a) the number of shares of Class C capital stock underlying the GSUs that vested and (b) the closing price of Class C capital stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the day before vesting. — POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION
    OR CHANGE IN CONTROL We have no agreements with our named executive officers that provide
for additional or accelerated compensation upon termination of the executive’s employment or a change in control of Alphabet,
except as set forth below. In the event of a change in control of
Alphabet and, unless our Board of Directors or Leadership Development and Compensation Committee determines otherwise, if the
successor corporation does not assume or substitute the equity awards held by our employees, including our named executive
officers, all unvested stock options and unvested GSUs will fully vest and the target award for each tranche of
Sundar’s PSUs will fully vest. Effective December 17, 2019, the Leadership Development and Compensation
Committee approved an amendment to Alphabet’s form of restricted stock unit agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012
Stock Plan for future grants, such that, similar to GSUs granted to all other Alphabet employees, GSUs granted to directors and
named executive officers of Alphabet will immediately vest in full upon termination of service on the Board, or of employment,
by reason of death. In respect
to Sundar’s PSUs: • Upon a termination of employment by reason of death (i) prior to the start of the performance period of a tranche or during the performance period of a tranche, the target number of PSUs for such tranche will immediately vest in full as of the date of such termination of employment and (ii) following the end of the performance period of a tranche but prior to the determination date with respect to such tranche, the number of PSUs earned based on actual performance will immediately vest as of the determination date. • Upon a termination of employment by Alphabet without cause (as defined in the PSU agreement) prior to the determination date for a tranche but after the start of the performance period with respect to such tranche, the number of PSUs earned based on actual performance will be prorated based on the number of calendar days in the performance period Sundar was performing services and the pro rata portion will vest as of the determination date. The table on page 48 of this proxy statement shows our estimates
of the value each of our named executive officers would have received if their unvested GSUs (and in Sundar’s case, PSUs)
had become fully vested as a result of termination of employment by reason of a change in control, death, or in the case of Sundar,
by Alphabet without cause (as defined in the PSU Agreement) occurring on December 31, 2020. All stock options held by our named
executive officers as of December 31, 2020 are fully vested. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 47 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Name Estimated Benefit of Equity Acceleration Upon Change in Control ($) (1) Estimated Benefit of Equity Acceleration Upon Death ($) (1)(2) Estimated Benefit of Equity Acceleration Upon Termination without Cause ($) (3) Sundar Pichai 228,341,791 228,341,791 50,370,054 Ruth M. Porat 67,372,049 48,973,805 — Prabhakar Raghavan 69,907,020 53,234,378 — Philipp Schindler 95,875,137 63,878,800 — Kent Walker 67,372,049 48,973,805 — (1) The estimated benefit amount of equity acceleration was calculated by multiplying the number of unvested GSUs, and in Sundar’s case, the target number of PSUs, by the closing price of Class C capital stock on December 31, 2020, which was $1,751.88 per share. (2) The amendment of Alphabet’s form of restricted stock unit agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan, adopted by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee on December 17, 2019 for future grants, that provides for equity acceleration upon death is applicable to the equity awards granted after the adoption date. (3) The estimated benefit amount of equity acceleration reflects prorated achievement of market-based goals at the target level for each tranche of Sundar’s 2019 PSU award. As of December 31, 2020, one-half of the first performance period tranche (January 2020 to December 2021) has been completed and one-third of the second performance period tranche (January 2020 to December 2022) has been completed. The value shown was calculated by multiplying ½ the target number of PSUs for the first performance period tranche and ⅓ the target number of PSUs for the second performance period tranche by the closing price of our Class C capital stock on December 31, 2020, which was $1,751.88 per share. — ALPHABET CEO PAY RATIO The following table sets forth the ratio of Alphabet Chief Executive
Officer Sundar’s total compensation to that of Alphabet’s median employee for the year ended December 31, 2020. Chief Executive Officer total compensation in 2020 $7,425,547 Median Employee total compensation in 2020 $273,493 Ratio of Chief Executive Officer to Median Employee total compensation 27 : 1 To determine the median employee compensation, we analyzed all of
Alphabet’s employees, excluding Alphabet’s Chief Executive Officer, as of December 31, 2020. We annualized wages and
salaries for employees that were not employed for the full year. We used base salary and actual bonus as the consistently applied
compensation metric to determine the median employee. If this resulted in more than one individual at the median level, we assessed
the grant date fair value of standard equity awards for these individuals and selected the employee with the median award value.
After identifying the median employee, we calculated annual total compensation for the median employee according to the methodology
used to report the annual compensation of our named executive officers in the Summary Compensation Table on page 44. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 48 Back to Contents EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information
as of December 31, 2020. Information is included for equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders and equity compensation
plans not approved by our stockholders. There are no shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding under any of our current
equity compensation plans. We will not grant equity awards in the future under any of the equity compensation plans not approved
by our stockholders included in the table below. Plan Category Class of Common Stock/Capital Stock (a) Common/ Capital Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights (#) (b) Weighted- average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights (1) ($/Share) (c) Common/ Capital Shares Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (#) Equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders Class A 22,910 (2) 304.27 — (3) Equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders Class C 19,305,531 (4) 302.00 38,777,812 (5) Equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders Class A 7,688 (6) 226.50 — Equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders Class C 8,603 (7) 225.82 — Total Class A 30,598 284.69 — Total Class C 19,314,134 283.03 38,777,812 (5) Total Class A and Class C 19,344,732 283.81 38,777,812 (5) (1) The weighted average exercise price is calculated based solely on the outstanding stock options. It does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding GSUs, which have no exercise price. (2) Consists of stock options to purchase 22,857 shares, and GSUs representing the right to acquire 53 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding under our 2004 Stock Plan. (3) We granted Class A common stock under the 2004 Stock Plan that expired in April 2014. No further grants may be made under the 2004 Stock Plan. (4) Consists of stock options to purchase 25,948 shares of Class C capital stock and GSUs representing the right to acquire 46 shares of Class C capital stock outstanding under our 2004 Stock Plan, and GSUs representing the right to acquire 19,279,537 shares of Class C capital stock outstanding under our Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan. (5) Consists of shares of Class C capital stock authorized to be issued pursuant to the Google Inc. 2012 Stock Plan, which was approved by our stockholders at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, assumed by Alphabet in October 2015, amended at the 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, amended and restated at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and amended at the 2020 Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (6) Consists of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options under the Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan which was assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. in May 2012. No further grants may be made under this plan. (7) Consists of shares of Class C capital stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options that were distributed as a dividend to the issued and outstanding Class A stock options in April 2014 in connection with the stock split under the Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. in May 2012. No further grants may be made under this plan. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 49 Back to Contents INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM — PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The following table sets forth all fees paid
or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Ernst & Young LLP during the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2020 (in thousands): 2019 ($) 2020 ($) Audit Fees (1) 20,112 21,718 Audit-Related Fees (2) 7,185 6,652 Tax Fees (3) 1,944 988 Other Fees (4) 608 1,871 TOTAL FEES 29,848 31,229 (1) Audit Fees: This category represents fees for professional
    services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements, audit of our internal control over financial reporting,
    review of our quarterly financial statements, and audit services provided in connection with other regulatory or statutory
    filings for which we have engaged Ernst & Young LLP. (2) Audit-Related Fees: This category consists primarily of system and
    organization controls reporting and other attest services related to information systems. (3) Tax Fees: This category consists of tax compliance, tax planning,
    and tax advice, including foreign tax return preparation and requests for rulings or technical advice from tax authorities. (4) Other Fees: This category consists of fees for permitted services
    other than the services reported in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. — AUDITOR INDEPENDENCE We maintain a policy that aims to help maintain
auditor independence and our compliance with regulatory requirements by ensuring a process for: (1) internal and external auditor
review of proposed services for independence and (2) pre-approval of the services by the Audit and Compliance Committee. The Audit
and Compliance Committee considers whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining Ernst &
Young LLP’s independence. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 50 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers — PRE-APPROVAL
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES All audit and non-audit services provided
by Ernst & Young LLP to us must be pre-approved in advance by our Audit and Compliance Committee. If the following conditions are met, the
service will be considered pre-approved by the Audit and Compliance Committee (without any further action from the Audit and Compliance
Committee): • the service is identified as a permitted service, as determined by the Audit and
    Compliance Committee each year, and • the estimated fee for the permitted service is less than or equal to $500,000. If the service does not meet the conditions
noted above, explicit approval must be obtained from the Audit and Compliance Committee, or the delegate of the Audit and Compliance
Committee who has been granted the authority to grant pre-approvals, before the professional from the independent registered accounting
firm is engaged by Alphabet or its subsidiaries to render the service. If a pre-approval is obtained from the Audit and Compliance
Committee delegate, the auditor may be engaged to commence the service but the service must still be presented to the full Audit
and Compliance Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All services provided to us by Ernst &
Young LLP in 2019 and 2020 were pre-approved by the Audit and Compliance Committee. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 51 Back to Contents REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Audit and Compliance Committee of the
Board of Directors of Alphabet is comprised entirely of independent directors who meet the independence requirements of the Listing
Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and the SEC. The Audit and Compliance Committee operates pursuant to a charter that is available
on the Investor Relations section of our website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/board/#audit-committee. The Audit and Compliance Committee oversees
Alphabet’s financial reporting process and internal control structure on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management is
responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the financial statements and the effectiveness of Alphabet’s
internal control over financial reporting. Alphabet’s independent auditors are responsible for expressing an opinion as to
the conformity of Alphabet’s consolidated financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles and as to the
effectiveness of Alphabet’s internal control over financial reporting. In performing its responsibilities, the Audit
and Compliance Committee has reviewed and discussed with management and the independent auditors the audited consolidated financial
statements in Alphabet’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Audit and Compliance Committee
has also discussed with Ernst & Young LLP, Alphabet’s independent auditors, the matters required to be discussed
by Auditing Standard No. 1301, “Communications with Audit and Compliance Committees” issued by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (PCAOB). The Audit and Compliance Committee received
written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors pursuant to the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding
the independent auditors’ communications with the Audit and Compliance Committee concerning independence, and the Audit and
Compliance Committee discussed with the auditors their independence. Based on the reviews and discussions referred
to above, the Audit and Compliance Committee unanimously recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial
statements be included in Alphabet’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Ann Mather, Chair Roger W. Ferguson Jr. Alan R. Mulally ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 52 Back to Contents MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON Proposal Number 1 Election of Directors Nominees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommended,
and our Board of Directors nominated: • Larry Page, • Sergey Brin, • Sundar Pichai, • John L. Hennessy, • Frances H. Arnold, • L. John Doerr, • Roger W. Ferguson Jr., • Ann Mather, • Alan R. Mulally, • K. Ram Shriram, and • Robin L. Washington as nominees for election as members of our
Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, eleven directors will be elected to the Board of Directors. Except as set forth below, unless otherwise
instructed, the persons appointed in the accompanying form of proxy will vote the proxies received by them for these nominees,
who are all presently directors of Alphabet. In the event that any nominee becomes unavailable or unwilling to serve as a member
of our Board of Directors, the proxy holders will vote in their discretion for a substitute nominee. The term of office of each
person elected as a director will continue until the next annual meeting or until a successor has been elected and qualified, or
until the director’s earlier death, resignation, or removal. The sections titled “Directors and
Executive Officers” and “Director Selection Process and Qualifications” on pages 17 and 27 of this proxy statement
contain more information about the leadership skills and other experiences that caused the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and the Board of Directors to determine that these nominees should serve as directors of Alphabet. Required Vote We have implemented a majority voting standard
for elections of directors. To be elected, a nominee must receive the affirmative “FOR” vote of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy
at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received
will be voted “FOR” these nominees. Our Board of Directors expects a director
to tender his or her resignation if he or she fails to receive the required number of votes for re-election. If an incumbent director
fails to receive the required number of votes for re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will act on a
prompt basis to determine whether to recommend that our Board of Directors accept the director’s resignation and will submit
such recommendation for prompt consideration by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may accept the resignation, refuse
the resignation, or refuse the resignation subject to such conditions as our Board of Directors may impose. Additional details
about this process are specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on the Investor Relations section
of our website at https://abc.xyz/investor/. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF EACH
    OF THE ABOVEMENTIONED NOMINEES. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 53 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit and Compliance Committee of the
Board of Directors has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, Ernst &
Young LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm and also provided certain audit-related, tax, and other services.
See “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” on page 50 of this proxy statement. The Audit and Compliance Committee believes
that the continued retention of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best
interests of Alphabet and our stockholders. Notwithstanding its selection, the Audit and Compliance Committee, in its discretion,
may appoint another independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit and Compliance Committee
believes that such a change would be in the best interests of Alphabet and our stockholders. If our stockholders do not ratify
the appointment, the Audit and Compliance Committee may reconsider whether it should appoint another independent registered public
accounting firm. Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP are expected to participate in the Annual Meeting, where they will
be available to respond to appropriate questions and, if they desire, to make a statement. Required Vote Ratification of the appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 requires the affirmative
“FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as
a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “FOR” ratification of the appointment
of Ernst & Young LLP. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2021. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 54 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 3 Approval of Alphabet’s 2021 Stock Plan On April 14, 2021, our Board of Directors
approved the Alphabet Inc. 2021 Stock Plan (2021 Stock Plan or Plan), subject to the approval of our stockholders at the Annual
Meeting. We are submitting the 2021 Stock Plan to our stockholders for approval. The Plan is intended as the successor to the Alphabet
Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (2012 Plan). If the 2021 Stock Plan is approved by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting,
no additional awards will be granted under the 2012 Plan. From and after such time, all outstanding awards granted under the 2012
Plan will remain subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan. Summary of the Plan The material features of the 2021 Stock Plan
are summarized below. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2021 Stock Plan, which is
set forth in Appendix A to this proxy statement. Purpose The 2021 Stock Plan is intended to promote
the interests of Alphabet and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) and its stockholders by providing the employees and
consultants of the Company and members of our Board of Directors with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in the
service of the Company and with a proprietary interest in pursuing the long-term growth, profitability and financial success of
the Company. Administration The Leadership Development and
Compensation Committee shall administer the 2021 Stock Plan in accordance with its terms. The Leadership Development and
Compensation Committee has full discretionary authority to administer the Plan, including without limitation the authority to
(1) designate the employees and consultants of the Company and members of our Board of Directors who shall be granted
incentive awards under the Plan and the amount, type and other terms and conditions of such incentive awards and (2)
interpret and construe any and all provisions of the Plan and the terms of any incentive award (and any agreement evidencing
the grant of an incentive award). The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee may exercise all discretion granted
to it under the 2021 Stock Plan in a non-uniform manner among participants. The Leadership Development and Compensation
Committee may delegate to a subcommittee of one or more members of our Board of Directors or employees of the Company the
authority to grant incentive awards, subject to such limitations as the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
shall specify and to the requirements of applicable law. Eligibility Any employee or consultant of, or person
who renders services directly or indirectly to, the Company and any member of our Board of Directors is eligible for selection
by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee to receive an incentive award under the 2021 Stock Plan (such a person
who is selected to receive an incentive award is referred to herein as a participant). As of December 31, 2020, the Company had
approximately 135,301 employees and eleven members of the Board of Directors (including three employee directors). Shares Subject to the Plan The maximum number of shares of Class C capital
stock that may be covered by incentive awards granted under the 2021 Stock Plan shall not exceed 60,010,002 shares in the aggregate,
which is the sum of (i) 3,500,000 new shares of Class C capital stock, and (ii) 56,510,002 shares of Class C capital stock consisting
of (A) the number of shares available for future issuance under the 2012 Plan as of April 14, 2021, the date our Board of Directors
approved the 2021 Stock Plan, and (B) the number of unvested shares granted and outstanding under the 2012 Plan as of April 14,
2021 that may expire, be forfeited, canceled, or otherwise terminated without issuance, or are settled in cash, or tendered (either
actually or through attestation) to the Company in payment of any obligation in connection with an award. For purposes of these limitations, shares
of Class C capital stock shall only be counted as used to the extent that they are actually issued and delivered to a participant
(or such participant’s permitted transferees as described in the Plan) pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, if an incentive
award is settled for cash or if shares of Class C capital stock are withheld to pay the exercise price of a stock option or to
satisfy any tax withholding requirement in connection with an incentive award, only the shares issued (if any), net of the shares
withheld, will be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the number of shares of Class C capital stock that are available
for delivery under the 2021 Stock Plan. In addition, shares of Class C capital stock related to incentive awards that expire, ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 55 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers are forfeited or cancelled or
terminate for any reason without the issuance of shares shall not be treated as issued pursuant to the Plan. In addition, if
shares of Class C capital stock owned by a participant (or such participant’s permitted transferees as described in the
Plan) are tendered (either actually or through attestation) to Alphabet in payment of any obligation in connection with an
incentive award, the number of shares tendered shall be added to the number of shares of Class C capital stock that are
available for delivery under the Plan. As of April 6, 2021, the closing price on NASDAQ for a share of Class C capital stock
was $2,224.75. Award Types The 2021 Stock Plan permits grants of the
following types of incentive awards subject to such terms and conditions as the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee
shall determine, consistent with the terms of the Plan: (1) stock options, including stock options intended to qualify as ISOs,
(2) other stock-based awards, including in the form of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, performance shares, deferred share units or share-denominated performance units, and (3) cash awards. Subject to the
terms of the 2021 Stock Plan, incentive awards may be settled in cash or shares of Class C capital stock and may be subject to
performance-based and/or service-based conditions. In addition, in order to retain and compensate
the non-employee directors for their services, and to strengthen the alignment of their interests with those of the stockholders
of the Company, the Plan permits the grant of cash-based and stock-based awards to non-employee directors. Stock-based awards may
be in the form of any of the following, in each case in respect of Class C capital stock: (a) stock options, (b) stock appreciation
rights, (c) restricted shares, (d) restricted stock units, (e) dividend equivalent rights, and (f) other equity-based or equity-related
Awards (including, without limitation, the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted shares of Class C capital stock) that the Leadership
Development and Compensation Committee determines to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan and the interests of the Company.
Cash-based awards may be in the form of (i) retainers, (ii) meeting-based fees or (iii) any other cash award that the Leadership
Development and Compensation Committee determines to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan and the interests of the Company.
Aggregate awards granted to any non-employee director in respect of any calendar year, solely with respect to his or her service
as a non-employee director, may not exceed $1,500,000 based on the aggregate value of cash-based awards and the fair market value
of any stock-based awards, in each case determined as of the date of grant. Our Board of Directors will reassess this cap at least
once every five years. Stock Options The 2021 Stock Plan permits the Leadership
Development and Compensation Committee to grant stock options, including ISOs, which are stock options that are designated by the
Leadership Development and Compensation Committee as incentive stock options and which meet the applicable requirements of incentive
stock options pursuant to Section 422 of the Code, subject to certain terms and conditions. Exercise Price. The exercise price
per share of Class C capital stock covered by a stock option shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of
Class C capital stock on the date on which such stock option is granted. For this purpose, fair market value (Fair Market Value)
is determined as being equal to the closing sales price on the date of grant or, if not so reported for such day, the immediately
preceding business day, of a share of Class C capital stock as reported on the principal securities exchange on which shares of
Class C capital stock are listed and admitted to trading. Terms Applicable to Stock Options. A
stock option granted to a participant under the 2021 Stock Plan allows a participant to purchase up to a specified total number
of shares of Class C capital stock at a specified exercise price per share during specified time periods, each as determined by
the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee in its discretion, provided that no stock option may have a term of longer
than ten (10) years. Additional Terms for ISOs. Stock
options granted under the 2021 Stock Plan that are intended to qualify as ISOs are subject to certain additional terms and
conditions as set forth in the Plan, including: (1) each stock option that is intended to qualify as an ISO must be
designated as an ISO in the agreement evidencing its grant, (2) ISOs may only be granted to individuals who are employees of
the Company, (3) the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of grant of the ISOs) of the number of shares of
Class C capital stock with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by any participant during any calendar
year under all plans of the Company cannot not exceed $100,000, or such other maximum amount as is then applicable under
Section 422 of the Code, and (4) no ISO may be granted to a person who, at the time of the proposed grant, owns (or is deemed
to own under the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of
common stock of the Company unless the exercise price of such ISO is at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair
Market Value of a share of Class C capital stock at the time such ISO is granted and (b) such ISO is not exercisable after
the expiration of five years from the date it is granted. The maximum number of shares of Class C Capital Stock that may be
covered by incentive awards granted under the 2021 Stock Plan that are intended to be ISOs shall not exceed 60,010,002 shares
in the aggregate. Any stock option granted under the 2021 Stock Plan that is designated as an ISO but for any reason fails to
meet the requirements of an ISO shall be treated under the Plan as a nonstatutory stock option. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 56 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Repricing Not Permitted. The 2021
Stock Plan does not permit Alphabet to reprice any stock option granted under the Plan without the approval of the stockholders
of Alphabet. For this purpose, “reprice” means (1) any of the following or any other action that has the same effect:
(a) lowering the exercise price of a stock option after it is granted, (b) any other action that is treated as a repricing under
GAAP, or (c) cancelling a stock option at a time when its exercise price exceeds the fair market value of the underlying Class C
capital stock, in exchange for another stock option, restricted stock, or other equity, unless the cancellation and exchange occurs
in connection with a merger, acquisition, spin-off or other similar corporate transaction; and (2) any other action that is considered
to be a repricing under formal or informal guidance issued by NASDAQ. Term No grants of incentive awards may be made
under the Plan after June 2, 2031. Amendment and Termination Our Board of Directors may at any time suspend
or discontinue the 2021 Stock Plan or revise or amend the Plan in any respect whatsoever, provided that to the extent that any
applicable law, tax requirement, or rule of a stock exchange requires stockholder approval in order for any such revision or amendment
to be effective, such revision or amendment shall not be effective without such approval. No amendment will be given effect to
the extent that such provision would cause any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. Except as expressly provided
in the Plan, no action under the Plan may, without the consent of a participant, reduce the participant’s rights under any
previously granted and outstanding incentive award. Adjustments Upon Certain Changes The 2021 Stock Plan includes
provisions that require or permit the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee to make certain adjustments upon the
occurrence of specified events, including provisions that provide as follows: (1) upon the occurrence of certain events
effecting the capitalization of Alphabet such as a recapitalization or stock split, the Leadership Development and
Compensation Committee shall make appropriate adjustments in the type and maximum number of shares available for issuance
under the Plan and the limits described above for ISOs, (2) in the event of an increase or decrease in the number or type of
issued shares of common or capital stock of Alphabet without receipt or payment of consideration by the Company, the
Leadership Development and Compensation Committee shall appropriately adjust the type or number of shares subject to each
outstanding incentive award and the exercise price per share, if any, of shares subject to each such incentive award, (3) in
the event of a merger or similar transaction as a result of which the holders of shares of Class C capital stock receive
consideration consisting exclusively of securities of the surviving corporation in such transaction, the Leadership
Development and Compensation Committee shall appropriately adjust each outstanding incentive award so that it pertains and
applies to the securities which a holder of the number of shares of Class C capital stock subject to such incentive award
would have received in such transaction, (4) upon the occurrence of certain specified extraordinary corporate transactions,
such as a dissolution or liquidation of Alphabet, sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, and certain
mergers involving Alphabet, and upon any other corporate change, including but not limited to an extraordinary cash dividend,
spin off or sale of a subsidiary or business unit, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee has discretion to
make certain adjustments to outstanding incentive awards, cancel outstanding incentive awards and provide for cash
payments to participants in consideration of such cancellation, or provide for the exchange of outstanding incentive
awards. Summary of Federal Income Tax Consequences of Awards ISOs. A participant who is
granted an ISO does not recognize taxable income at the time the ISO is granted or upon its exercise, but the excess of the
aggregate fair market value of the shares acquired on the exercise date (ISO shares) over the aggregate exercise price paid
by the participant is included in the participant’s income for alternative minimum tax purposes. Upon a disposition of
the ISO shares more than two years after grant of the ISOs and one year after exercise of the ISOs, any gain or loss is
treated as long-term capital gain or loss. In such case, Alphabet would not be entitled to a deduction. If the participant
sells the ISO shares prior to the expiration of these holding periods, the participant recognizes ordinary income at the time
of disposition equal to the excess if any, of the lesser of (1) the aggregate fair market value of the ISO shares at the date
of exercise and (2) the amount received for the ISO shares, over the aggregate exercise price previously paid by the
participant. Any gain or loss recognized on such a premature disposition of the ISO shares in excess of the amount treated as
ordinary income is treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on how long the shares were held by the
participant prior to the sale. The amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant is subject to payroll taxes.
Alphabet is entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the participant recognizes ordinary
income. Nonstatutory Stock Options. A participant
who is granted a stock option that is not an ISO (a nonstatutory stock option) does not recognize any taxable income at the time
of grant. Upon exercise, the participant recognizes taxable income in an amount equal to the aggregate fair market value of the
shares subject to the nonstatutory stock options over the aggregate exercise price of such shares. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 57 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Any taxable income recognized in connection
with the exercise of nonstatutory stock options by an employee is subject to payroll taxes. Alphabet is entitled to a deduction
at the same time and in the same amount as the participant recognizes ordinary income. The participant’s basis in the option
shares will be increased by the amount of ordinary income recognized. Upon the sale of the shares issued upon exercise of the nonstatutory
stock options, any further gain or loss recognized will be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on
how long the shares were held by the participant prior to the sale. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock
Units. A participant will not recognize income at the time a restricted stock award is granted. When the restrictions lapse
with regard to any installment of restricted stock, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the fair
market value of the shares with respect to which the restrictions lapse, unless the participant elected to realize ordinary income
in the year the award is granted in an amount equal to the fair market value of the restricted stock awarded, determined without
regard to the restrictions. A participant will not recognize income at the time an award of restricted stock units is granted.
The participant will recognize ordinary income at the time the restricted stock units vest, in an amount equal to the cash paid
or to be paid or the fair market value of the shares delivered or to be delivered. The amount of ordinary income recognized by
the participant is subject to payroll taxes. Alphabet is entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the
participant recognizes ordinary income. Performance-Based Awards. A participant
will not recognize income at the time of grant of a performance-based award.The participant will recognize ordinary income at the
time the performance-based award vests in an amount equal to the dollar amount, or the fair market value of the shares of Class
C capital stock, subject to the award. The amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant is subject to payroll taxes.
Alphabet is entitled to a deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the participant recognizes ordinary income. Section 162(m) Compensation Deduction
Limitation. In general, Section 162(m) limits Alphabet’s compensation deduction to $1,000,000 paid in any tax year to
any “covered employee” as defined under Section 162(m), as amended. A “covered employee” includes each
individual who served as Alphabet’s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer at any time during the taxable year,
each of the three other most highly compensated officers of the Company for the taxable year, and any other individual who was
a covered employee of the Company for the preceding tax year beginning after December 31, 2016. THE FOREGOING IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE EFFECT
OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION WITH RESPECT TO THE GRANT AND EXERCISE OF AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN. IT DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE
AND DOES NOT DISCUSS THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INDIVIDUAL’S DEATH OR THE PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX LAWS OF ANY MUNICIPALITY,
STATE, OR FOREIGN COUNTRY IN WHICH ANY ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL MAY RESIDE. New Plan Benefits As of the date of this proxy statement, no
awards have been made under the 2021 Stock Plan. The benefits or amounts that will be received by or allocated to each named executive
officer, all current executive officers as a group, all directors who are not executive officers as a group, and all employees
who are not executive officers as a group under the 2021 Stock Plan are not presently determinable. Required Vote Approval of the 2021 Stock Plan requires
the affirmative “FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “FOR” approval of the 2021 Stock Plan. Alphabet Recommendation We believe strongly that the approval of
the 2021 Stock Plan is essential to our continued success. Our employees are among our most valuable assets. Restricted stock units,
stock options and other awards such as those provided under the 2021 Stock Plan are vital to our ability to attract and retain
outstanding and highly skilled individuals. Such awards also are crucial to our ability to motivate employees to achieve our goals.
For the reasons stated above the stockholders are being asked to approve the 2021 Stock Plan. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE 2021 STOCK PLAN. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 58 Back to Contents STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS We engage with our stockholders and other stakeholders
throughout the year to discuss important issues, including environmental sustainability; diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI);
executive compensation; and content governance. This engagement enables us to better understand our stockholders’ priorities
and perspectives, gives us an opportunity to elaborate on our initiatives, policies, and practices, and fosters open and constructive
dialogue. We consider this feedback as we evaluate our approaches and review them with our Board of Directors. We provide updates
on our efforts through our Investor Relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor/, our Annual Report, and our Keyword blog at
https://www.blog.google/. Various stockholders have submitted Proposal
Numbers 4-11. Stockholders will vote on these proposals at our Annual Meeting if the proponents or their qualified representatives
present their proposals at the Annual Meeting and submit them for a vote. Stockholder proposals, including any supporting statements,
are included exactly as submitted to us by their proponents. Our Board of Directors’
recommendation on each stockholder proposal immediately follows our opposing statement. A number of the proposals touch on
matters that we believe are being appropriately handled by our management and/or our Board of Directors. While a number of
these proposals contain claims that we believe are incorrect or misleading, we have not attempted to refute all of them. We
do appreciate the concerns raised in many of the proposals, and in many cases we have already taken actions to address them,
rendering the implementation of a specific proposal unnecessary or not the best use of company resources. While our actions
may not be exactly as prescribed in a proposal, they are designed to further the long-term interests of the company, our
stockholders, and other stakeholders. Some examples of those initiatives include: • Environmental Sustainability: Google has been carbon neutral since 2007.
    In 2019, for the third consecutive year, we matched 100% of our electricity consumption with renewable energy purchases. We
    are the largest annual corporate purchaser of renewable energy in the world, based on megawatt-hours of renewable electricity
    purchased. In 2020, we neutralized our entire legacy carbon footprint since our founding, making Google the first major company
    to achieve carbon neutrality for its entire operating history. In our third decade of climate action, we have set our most
    ambitious goal yet: to run our business on carbon-free energy everywhere, at all times, by 2030. Read more about Google’s
    environmental sustainability efforts at google.com/sustainability and see our 2020 Environmental Report at https://www.gstatic.com/gumdrop/sustainability/google-2020-environmental-report.pdf. • DEI Programs: We are also in the course of scaling our DEI efforts and providing more
    transparency about that work. Since 2018, we increased representation for women globally, and for Black+ and Latinx+ employees
    in the U.S. And in 2020 we announced our Racial Equity Commitments, focused on building sustainable equity for our Black community
    and making our products and programs helpful for everyone. More information on Google’s diversity efforts and racial
    equity commitments is available at google.com/ diversity and about.google/commitments/racialequity/. In 2020, we also committed
    to updating our workplace DEI policies and practices, and our DEI Advisory Council will be reporting quarterly to the Leadership
    Development and Compensation Committee on our progress against these commitments. • Executive Compensation: In recent months, the Leadership Development and Compensation
    Committee has explored incorporating ESG goals into individual performance reviews. In 2022, we plan to introduce a bonus
    program for members of Google’s senior executive team that takes into account efforts to further ESG goals. • Content Governance: Our Transparency Report (available at transparencyreport.google.com)
    shares data on how we handle content that violates our policies, as well as how we handle government requests for removal
    of content. YouTube’s Community Guidelines covering what is allowed on YouTube, are available at www.youtube.com/about/policies/#community-guidelines.
    By using a combination of smart detection technology and highly trained human reviewers, YouTube has been able to enforce
    its policies more and more quickly. We also release a quarterly enforcement report, which includes information on channel
    removals, removal of comments, the policy reasons for removal, and most recently, data on appeals (transparencyreport.google.com/youtube-policy/removals). • Competition: We believe our products like Search, Gmail, and Maps help users every
    day. They increase choice and expand competition, leveling the playing field for small businesses around the world. We have
    set forth our approach to competition in the U.S., including facts about Google’s business, our competition, latest
    relevant news, and other helpful links, at https://blog. google/competition#overview. We provide information on competition
    in Europe’s digital markets, including our efforts to promote modern rules that encourage competition without harming
    product quality or stifling innovation, at https://blog.google/EU-digital-markets#regulation. We believe our clear approach
    to competition issues appropriately keeps stakeholders apprised of these issues. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 59 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers For these reasons and others set forth in our
opposing statements, we generally disagree with the proposals requesting other specific additional reports or initiatives that
do not fully recognize or reflect the actions we are already taking to address such issues, the clear oversight responsibilities
and structures we have in place to evaluate and monitor our progress, and our ongoing commitment to transparency. Upon receiving an oral or written request, we
will promptly provide the name, address, and the number of known voting securities held by the proponents of the stockholder proposals.
You may request this information via mail, email, or phone, as follows: Alphabet Inc. Email: corporatesecretary@abc.xyz (650) 253-3393 Attn: Corporate Secretary 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 60 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number
    4 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Equal Shareholder Voting Give Each Share an Equal Vote RESOLVED: Shareholders request that our Board take all
practicable steps in its control to initiate and adopt a recapitalization plan for all outstanding stock to have one vote per share.
We recommend that this be done through a phase-out process in which the board would, within seven years or other timeframe justified
by the board, establish fair and appropriate mechanisms through which disproportionate rights of Class B shareholders could be
eliminated. This is not intended to unnecessarily limit our Board’s judgment in crafting the requested change in accordance
with applicable laws and existing contracts. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: In our company’s multi-class voting structure,
Class B stock has 10 times the voting rights of Class A. As a result, Mr. Page and Mr. Brin currently control over 51% of
our company’s total voting power, while owning less than 12% of stock – and will continue to do so even though they
have stepped down from leading our company. This raises concerns that the interests of public shareholders may be subordinated
to those of our co-founders. Due to this voting structure, our company takes
public shareholder money but refuses shareholders an equal voice in our company’s management. For example, it was primarily
the weight of the insiders’ 10 votes per share that permitted the creation of a non-voting class of stock (class C) despite
the fact that the “majority of [shareholders] voted to oppose the maneuver.” The New York Times reported that
“only about 12.7 percent of Google’s Class A stockholders — other than Mr. Brin, Mr. Page and other Google directors
and employees — voted in support of issuing the Class C stock … With little regard for the shareholders’ opinion,
Google continued with the plan.” A variety of corporate governance experts illustrate
a growing concern about multi-class share structures: • As of July 2017, the S&P Dow Jones
    Indices announced that certain indices will no longer add companies with multiple share class structures; • The Council for Institutional Investors (CII) recommends
    a seven year phase-out of dual class share offerings. The International Corporate Governance Network supports CII’s
    recommendation “to require to a time-based sunset clause for dual class shares to revert to a traditional one-share/one-vote
    structure no more than seven years after a company’s IPO date.” • The Investor Stewardship Group recommends that “shareholders
    should be entitled to voting rights in proportion to their economic interest” and “boards should have a strong,
    independent leadership structure.” • As of November 2, 2019, Institutional Shareholder
    Services (ISS), which rates companies on governance risk, gave our company a 10, its highest risk category, for the Governance
    QualityScore. Shareholders are encouraged to vote FOR this
good governance request to allow better shareholder oversight. Alphabet Opposing Statement Our Board of Directors believes that the capital
structure set out in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. Since its inception, Google has been managed
with a focus on the long term. This focus was emphasized by our Co-Founders, Larry and Sergey, in their letter to our stockholders
at the time of Google’s initial public offering in 2004: “We are creating a corporate structure that is designed for
stability over long time horizons.” They reiterated their commitment to our long-term focus in their April 2012 letter to
our stockholders: “We have always managed Google for the long term, investing heavily in the big bets we hope will make a
significant difference in the world.” The implementation of our holding company, Alphabet, in October 2015 further reinforces
this view. We believe that our success is owed in large
part to the leadership and vision originated by our Co-Founders, Larry and Sergey, and carried on today by Alphabet CEO Sundar
Pichai, who wrote in his letter to our stockholders in 2018: “We are fortunate to have a timeless mission, and the way we
approach it continues to evolve. Each phase change has been the result of careful, long-term planning that began by placing big
bets in areas we believed would pay big dividends for society 5, 10, even 20 years down the road.” Through their collective
leadership and focus on innovation and long-term growth, we have established a track record of building a strong company and creating
stockholder value. We believe that the stability provided by the tri-class voting structure insulates us from short-term pressures
and gives us greater ability to focus on long-term interests than might otherwise be the case. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 61 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers The dual class capital structure with two classes
of common stock (Class A common stock with one (1) vote per share and Class B common stock with ten (10) votes per share) has been
in existence since we became a public company in 2004, and the tri-class structure, with a new class of non-voting capital stock
(Class C capital stock), was approved by a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock at the 2012 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders. Every investor purchasing a share of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock is aware of this capital
structure, which is disclosed in detail in our public filings with the SEC. Many are attracted to our stock by the long-term stability
that Larry and Sergey continue to provide to the company as active Board members, our largest Class B stockholders, and Co-Founders. Further, we have established a robust governance
structure to ensure independent oversight of the management team. Since 2018, John L. Hennessy has served as our non-executive,
independent Chair. Our Board of Directors believes that he is best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that our Board of
Directors’ time and attention are focused on the most critical matters for the company and our stockholders. His role enables
decisive leadership and enhances accountability. Our Chair, along with the other independent members of our Board of Directors
who together currently comprise more than 70% of our Board of Directors, provide oversight of, and valuable guidance to Alphabet
CEO Sundar Pichai and our management team. As such, we believe our current corporate governance structure is sound and effective. Our Board of Directors believes that our capital
structure combined with our governance structure has provided significant stability to the company, and is therefore in the best
interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST” this
proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires
the affirmative “FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “AGAINST” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 62 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number
    5 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Nomination of Human Rights and/or Civil
    Rights Expert to Board HUMAN/CIVIL RIGHTS EXPERT ON BOARD RESOLVED: Shareholders request that Alphabet’s
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee nominate for the next Board election at least one candidate who: • has a high level of human and/or civil rights expertise and experience and is widely
recognized as such, as reasonably determined by Alphabet’s Board, and • will qualify as an independent director within the meaning of the listing standards
of the New York Stock Exchange. WHEREAS: Shareholders believe Alphabet
requires expert, board level oversight of civil and human rights issues to assess risk and develop strategy to avoid causing or
contributing to widespread violations of human or civil rights, such as supporting hate campaigns, privacy violations, or violence. Shareholders are concerned Alphabet’s content
governance has proven ineffectual and poses risk to shareholder value. Alphabet has extraordinary impact on human and civil rights,
controlling an estimated 90 percent of the search market. Nearly two billion people use YouTube monthly, with YouTube’s recommendation
algorithm driving approximately 70 percent of viewing. Civil rights advocates have criticized Alphabet
for failing to address hate speech that targets communities of color and marginalized groups. YouTube launched a 100 million dollar
fund for black creators, yet the New York Times reports YouTube has been “successfully weaponized by racists...to
undermine Black Lives Matter.” The company faces a class action lawsuit from black creators alleging Alphabet violated laws
intended to prevent racial discrimination. The Christchurch terrorist attack in New Zealand,
broadcast on YouTube, led to a global call to limit the spread of extremist content. Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said: “We
cannot simply sit back and accept that these platforms just exist and that what is said on them is not the responsibility of the
place where they are published.” Yet, 2020 research found YouTube radicalized viewers by steering them to videos espousing
increasingly extremist ideologies. In 2019, employees — Googlers for
Human Rights — petitioned Google not to support United States Customs and Board Protection, Immigration and Customs
Enforcement, or the Office of Refugee Resettlement “until these agencies stop engaging in human rights abuses,”
comparing Google’s role to IBM’s enabling Nazis during the Holocaust. Amnesty International concluded Google’s
“surveillance-based business model is incompatible with the right to privacy and poses a serious threat to a range of other
human rights.” An unsealed court document revealed Google is enabling reverse search warrants to disclose everyone who searched
a keyword rather than information on known suspects, a practice under challenge for violating civil rights. In 2019, Google was fined a record 170 million
dollars by the Federal Trade Commission and New York Attorney General Letitia James over YouTube’s violation of children’s
privacy. Now, a 3 billion dollar United Kingdom lawsuit alleges YouTube has “systematically broken [privacy] laws by harvesting
children’s data.” As fiduciaries, our Board is responsible for
stewardship of business performance and long term strategic planning, in light of risk factors like widespread violations of human
and civil rights. Alphabet Opposing Statement In their letter to our stockholders at the time
of Google’s initial public offering in 2004, our Co-Founders, Larry and Sergey, highlighted Google’s goal to “develop
services that significantly improve the lives of as many people as possible.” This vision continues today –we believe
in technology’s power and potential to have a profoundly positive impact across the world. Across Google, we are guided by internationally
recognized human rights standards. We are committed to respecting the rights enumerated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
and its implementing treaties, as well as upholding the standards established in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights (UNGPs) and in the Global Network Initiative (GNI) Principles. We have an infrastructure in place to address these
issues, and we disagree with a number of the claims and characterizations in this proposal. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 63 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Google’s work on civil rights and human
rights is conducted through our Human Rights Program, a central function consisting of experts in the field supporting our efforts
to ensure that we are meeting our commitment to the UNGPs, GNI Principles, and other civil and human rights instruments. The Human
Rights Program develops and advances company-wide strategy on civil and human rights, advises product teams on potential civil
and human rights impacts, conducts human rights due diligence, and engages external experts and stakeholders. Dedicated personnel are focused on product, regional,
and functional areas and are responsible for the day-to-day operations of protecting our users and ensuring compliance with legal
requirements. Senior management develops the strategy around and oversees the implementation of civil and human rights commitments
and GNI Principles at Google and provides regular updates on relevant issues to the members of our Audit and Compliance Committee
in accordance with its Charter, which was amended in 2020 to explicitly include risk oversight of civil and human rights issues.
The Audit and Compliance Committee also provides pertinent reports to the full Board of Directors to ensure that it is apprised
of these matters. As we grow as a company, we continue to enhance
and evolve our implementation of our human rights commitments. For example, we have established a Human Rights Executive Council
to provide oversight and guidance to our Human Rights Program on global human rights and domestic civil rights in the U.S. Council
members will represent key product areas and functions across Google and regularly hear from the leaders of the Human Rights Program.
More information on our human rights commitments can be found at https://about.google/human-rights/. We believe the members of our Board of Directors
are qualified and equipped to provide risk oversight of civil and human rights issues. As we describe in more detail in the Director
Selection Process and Qualifications section beginning on page 27 of this proxy statement, our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for directors, balancing the appropriate size and composition
of the Board of Directors and its respective committees with the qualifications of candidates in light of these needs. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee factors into its determination the following qualities, among others: integrity, professional
reputation and strength of character, educational background, knowledge of our business, diversity of professional experience,
and ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Most of our directors also have experience
serving on boards of directors and board committees of other public companies, and have an understanding of corporate
governance practices and trends, different business processes, challenges, and strategies. Other directors have experience as
presidents or trustees of significant academic, research, and philanthropic institutions, which also brings unique
perspectives to our Board of Directors. Further, our directors also have other experience that makes them valuable members,
such as entrepreneurial experience and experience developing technology or managing technology companies, which provides
insight into strategic and operational issues faced by us. We believe there are a myriad of skills that
make an ideal board candidate, including factors such as civil and/or human rights experience. Our current process allows us to
consider all of these factors holistically and as a result, we do not believe it would be in the best interests of the company
or our stockholders to adopt this proposal. Therefore, our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST”
this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative “FOR”
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked
to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “ AGAINST ” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 64 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number
    6 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Sustainability Metrics WHEREAS: Studies suggest that companies
that integrate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors into business strategy reduce reputational, legal, and regulatory
risks and improve long-term performance. Leading companies have integrated sustainability metrics into executive pay plans, among
them Unilever and Walmart. The UN Principles for Responsible Investment (2012) state that considering ESG factors in compensation
can help protect long-term shareholder value. Diversity, inclusion, and equity are key components
of business sustainability and success: • McKinsey research shows that companies in the top quartiles for gender and racial/ethnic diversity were more likely to have above average financial returns (“Diversity Matters,” McKinsey & Company, 2015). • In a 2013 Catalyst report, diversity was positively associated with more customers, increased sales revenue, and greater relative profits. Yet technology companies have not seized this
opportunity. Underrepresented people of color hold just 9 percent of technical roles in the sector (Intel/Dalberg, 2016). Women
hold 36 percent of entry-level tech jobs and just 19 percent of C-suite positions (“Women in the Workplace,” McKinsey,
2016). The tech diversity crisis threatens worker safety,
talent retention, product development, and customer service. These human capital risks are playing out at Alphabet: • In 2019, more than 2,000 Google workers “signed a petition to remove a member of the company’s newly formed council on artificial intelligence ethics for alleged anti-trans and anti-immigrant views.” (“Google loses diversity chief amid unrest over workplace issues,” CNET , April 2019). • In December 2020, the former co-leader of Google’s “Ethical A.I. team” claimed that she was fired after criticizing shortcomings in Google’s approach to inclusive hiring and biases in artificial intelligence systems. Alphabet has taken steps to address inclusion,
but risks remain as our Company remains predominantly white and male. According to Google’s 2020 diversity report, underrepresented
people of color account for only 7.9 percent of Google’s tech workforce and only 6.8 percent of leadership. In 2020, CEO Sundar Pichai responded to
ongoing structural racism and racist violence, including the murder of George Floyd, by announcing new goals and resources.
This includes goals to increase representation of underrepresented groups at senior levels and “more than double the
number of Black+ Googlers at all other levels by 2025.” However, it is not clear how that strategy is driven by
executive accountability. Clearly disclosed, comprehensive links among sustainability, diversity, and executive compensation
would help deliver change and improve human capital management. Peers such as Microsoft, Intel, and IBM have
already begun linking parts of compensation to diversity goals. RESOLVED: Shareholders request the Board
Compensation Committee prepare a report assessing the feasibility of integrating sustainability metrics, including metrics regarding
diversity among senior executives, into performance measures or vesting conditions that may apply to senior executives under the
Company’s compensation plans or arrangements. For the purposes of this proposal, “sustainability” is defined
as how environmental and social considerations, and related financial impacts, are integrated into long-term corporate strategy,
and “diversity” refers to gender, racial, and ethnic diversity. Alphabet Opposing Statement Our Board of Directors has carefully considered this proposal and,
for the reasons set forth below, does not believe that it is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. Alphabet has long supported corporate sustainability, including environmental,
social, and diversity considerations. We strive to build sustainability into everything we do from designing and operating efficient
data centers, advancing carbon-free energy, creating sustainable workplaces, building better devices and services, empowering users
with technology, and enabling a responsible supply chain. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 65 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Google has been carbon neutral since 2007, and in 2019, for the third
consecutive year, we matched 100% of our electricity consumption with renewable energy purchases, as reported in our 2020 Environmental
Report (https://www.gstatic.com/gumdrop/sustainability/google-2020-environmental-report.pdf). We are the largest annual corporate
purchaser of renewable energy in the world, based on renewable electricity purchased in megawatt-hours. In 2020, we neutralized
our entire legacy carbon footprint since our founding, making Google the first major company to achieve carbon neutrality for its
entire operating history. In our third decade of climate action, we have set our most ambitious goal yet: to run our business on
carbon-free energy everywhere, at all times, by 2030. Some other 2020 achievements and goals include: • We issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds, the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history. The net proceeds from the issuance are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas: energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, and support for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. • We earned a spot on the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate Change A List for the seventh consecutive year. • We announced a goal to enable 5 gigawatts of new carbon-free energy across our key manufacturing regions by 2030 through investment. We anticipate this will spur more than $5 billion in clean energy investments, avoid the amount of emissions equal to taking more than 1 million cars off the road each year, and create more than 8,000 clean energy jobs. • With the Environmental Insights Explorer, launched in 2018, we are working to help more than 500 cities and local governments globally reduce a total of 1 gigaton of carbon emissions annually by 2030. An overview of Google’s corporate environmental sustainability
efforts can be found at https://google.com/sustainability, along with our 2020 Environmental Report, which summarizes the progress
of our environmental initiatives. We are committed to scaling diversity, equity, and inclusion, increasing
transparency of data on workforce representation, and taking a more systemic approach to improve outcomes in workforce representation
and to create an inclusive culture. We are focused on measurable goals, talent development, and building an inclusive culture because
we believe only a holistic approach to diversity will produce meaningful, sustainable change. We report attrition data externally
and we are using this data to help inform how we approach our diversity and inclusion efforts. Over the last year we have seen progress in a number of areas. Since
2018, we continued to increase representation for women globally, and for Black+ and Latinx+ employees in the U.S. We saw the largest
increase in our hiring of Black+ technical employees that we have ever measured. Additionally, in 2020 we announced our Racial
Equity Commitments, which are focused on building sustainable equity for Google’s Black community and making our products
and programs helpful in the moments that matter most to Black users. More information on Google’s diversity efforts and racial
equity commitments can be found at https://google.com/diversity and https://about.google/commitments/racialequity/, respectively. Further, in assessing the individual performance of our named executive
officers, their performance against these types of strategic goals are considered by the Leadership Development and Compensation
Committee. As noted above, we are committed to incorporating these values into
our business and have promoted them in our practices. Accordingly, our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST”
this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative “FOR”
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked
to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “ AGAINST ”
THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 66 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 7 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Takedown Requests Resolved, shareholders request the Board of Directors issue
a report (within a reasonable time frame, at reasonable cost, and excluding confidential information) assessing the feasibility
of publicly disclosing on an annual basis, by jurisdiction, the list of delisted, censored, downgraded, proactively penalized,
or blacklisted terms, queries or sites that the company implements in response to government requests. Supporting Statement Google’s Artificial Intelligence Principles state the company
will not pursue technologies that cause harm, “that gather or use information for surveillance” or “whose purpose
contravenes widely accepted principles of international law and human rights.” There is increasing evidence of a contradiction
between Google’s principles and its actions. Buzzfeed reported: “According to Google’s own stats, the
Russian government has made 175 separate requests for the search engine to remove sites it has banned, totaling more than 160,000
separate URLS...About 80% of the total requests...resulted in removal.” PEN America said: “we need far more transparency
regarding which sites Google has removed from its search results, as well as the internal evaluation and criteria that Google used
for determining whether these sites should be taken down.” ARTICLE 19 submitted expert opinion to Russia’s Constitutional
Court regarding the removal of articles on hate crimes from Google search, saying: “search engine operators are prohibited
by the Law from disclosing any information pertaining to the applicant’s request...this constitutes a disproportionate restriction
on the right to freedom of expression… and a breach of their rights to a fair trial and to an effective remedy.” In addition, reports of proposed amendments to India’s Information
Technology Act indicate that it may soon be mandatory for firms like Alphabet to proactively deploy technology to suppress content. Google states its Transparency Reports “provide a glimpse at
the wide range of content removal requests that we receive, but they are not comprehensive.” In 2018, the United Nations
Special Rapporteur on freedom of expression’s report stated: “the authoritative global standard for ensuring freedom
of expression on [companies’] platforms is human rights law, not the varying laws of States or their own private interests,
and [companies] should re-evaluate their content standards accordingly.” Proponents suggest the report assess the feasibility
of: • Incorporating into Google’s Transparency Report the substantive content of government requests, including whether the request was met, and criteria used to guide decisions; • Notifying customers of content affected by government requests. Alphabet Opposing Statement Since our founding, Google has been committed to making the world’s
information available to everyone. We believe that knowledge is empowering and that a society with more information is better off
than one with less. Providing access to information to people around the world is central to our mission. In 2010, we launched the Google Transparency Report with the mission
of sharing data that sheds light on how the policies and actions of governments and corporations affect privacy, security, and
access to information. Under the “Government requests to remove content” section of the report, we voluntarily disclose
the number of requests we receive from courts and government agencies in six-month periods. Further, we organize the requests and
items by reason given for removal request, type of Google product, and whether the requesting government body was a member of the
judicial or executive branch. We also provide this information on a country/regional basis. The Transparency Report is available
in full at https://transparencyreport.google.com/?hl=en, and the “Government requests to remove content” section can
be found at https://transparencyreport.google.com/government-removals/overview?hl=en. Additionally, we provide transparency
about removals via Lumen, a project of Harvard University’s Berkman Center for Internet & Society. Lumen works
with a variety of international research partners to offer information about the global landscape of Internet takedown
requests. Lumen posts and analyzes different kinds of requests to remove material from the Internet, including requests based
on copyright claims. Lumen receives these requests from participating companies as well as from individuals. When we are able
to do so legally, Google links from our search results to the requests published by Lumen in place of removed content. More
information about Lumen can be found at https://www.lumendatabase.org/. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 67 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers We also continue to innovate around product-specific transparency
with YouTube’s industry-leading transparency reporting on how it enforces the Community Guidelines (https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/#community-guidelines).
We have always used a mix of human reviewers and technology to address violative content on our platform, and in 2017 we started
applying more advanced machine learning technology to flag content for review by our teams. This combination of smart detection
technology and highly-trained human reviewers has enabled YouTube to consistently enforce policies with increasing speed. We are committed to tackling the challenge of quickly removing content
that violates our Community Guidelines and reporting on our progress. That is why in April 2018 we launched a quarterly YouTube
Community Guidelines Enforcement Report (https:// transparencyreport.google.com/youtube-policy/removals). As part of this ongoing
commitment to transparency, we expanded the report to include additional data like channel removals, the number of comments removed,
the policy reason why a video or channel was removed – and most recently, appeals data. Each quarter we may see these numbers
fluctuate, especially when our teams tighten our policies or enforcement on a certain category to remove more content. Given the significant work that we have done in this area, our public
reporting of these issues, and our commitment to continue to keep the public informed about our efforts, our Board of Directors
does not believe that implementing this proposal would provide additional benefit to our stockholders. Accordingly, our Board of
Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST” this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative “FOR”
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked
to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “ AGAINST ” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 68 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 8 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Whistleblower Policies and Practices Whereas , Alphabet may face business risks related to employee
morale and user trust due to insufficient protection for employees voicing ethical and human rights concerns regarding company
practices. Whistleblower protections are vital to a well-functioning system.
The Department of Labor has reported a major problem with whistleblower protections is the “lack of resources and proper
tracking of complaints.” According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, “A non-retaliation
policy alone, without a system to ensure its respect (such as disciplinary action against those who retaliate), is unlikely to
encourage reporting.” For years, Alphabet has faced controversies about retaliating against
workers. In December 2020, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) alleged Google illegally fired and surveilled employees involved
in labor organizing, alleging “interfering with, restraining, and coercing employees in the exercise of their rights.” Also in December 2020, Google fired the
prominent co-lead of its Ethical Artificial Intelligence team, Dr. Timnit Gebru, who was researching the risks of technology,
including Google’s. The firing prompted media attention, social media backlash, and an open letter signed by thousands
of employees stating the firing “heralds danger for people working for ethical and just AI — especially Black
people and People of Colour — across Google.” In 2019, employees claimed Google was violating a settlement agreement
with the NLRB requiring Google to tell workers they will not be retaliated against for exercising their rights, citing “brute
force intimidation.” Google then reportedly fired workers active in organizing, reportedly for violating data security policies.
A 2018 letter from fourteen human rights groups urged Google to “Guarantee protections for whistle-blowers and other employees
speaking out where they see the company is failing its commitments to human rights.” Reporting suggests that many Google employees who have resigned or
been fired, including executives, publicly report retaliation after voicing human rights implications of company practices, including
systemic workplace racism 1 and sexism 2 , and projects enabling censorship 3 , surveillance 4 ,
and war. 5 “I’m proud of what I did, and I believe everyone has a right to know what their work is being
used for,” said an employee who resigned after protesting Google’s contract with Customs and Border Protection. These red flags suggest the potential for culture, ethics, and/or
human rights problems internally. A recent report from the $100 trillion Principles for Responsible
Investment states that effective whistleblowing mechanisms are a key feature of good governance — and implementation is best
assessed through robust transparency and disclosures. A George Washington 2019 report found whistleblowing report volume
“is associated with fewer and lower amounts of government fines and material lawsuits.” RESOLVED that shareholders of Alphabet, Inc. urge the Board of Directors
to oversee a third-party review analyzing the effectiveness of its whistleblower policies in protecting human rights. A report
on the review, prepared at reasonable cost and omitting confidential or proprietary information, should be publicly disclosed on
Alphabet’s website. Alphabet Opposing Statement Alphabet is committed to maintaining a culture that encourages employees
and others to report concerns related to violations of our Code of Conduct, policies, or laws, including our human rights commitments.
That is why we have adopted and promoted policies that strictly prohibit retaliation of any kind for raising such concerns or for
participating in an investigation relating to such concerns. When we learn about a potential violation
of our policies or Code of Conduct, we look into the concern consistent with our robust process for carefully investigating
such allegations, and make appropriate remedial recommendations as a result of the investigation. Throughout this process, we
treat information, including the identity of the individuals raising the concern, as confidential as possible, sharing only
on a need-to-know basis. We also protect whistleblowers by thoroughly investigating allegations
of retaliation and imposing discipline when we substantiate retaliation allegations. And for the past six years, we have shared
with our employees, on an annual basis, an Internal Investigations (1) https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/aug/18/women-google-memo-racism-sexism-discrimination-quit (2) https://www.vice.com/en/article/59nmkx/google-employee-alleges-discrimination-against-pregnant-women-in-viral-memo (3) https://www.theverge.com/2020/1/2/21046522/google-china-dragonfly-ross-lajeunesse-human-rights-chief-censorship (4) https://www.vox.com/recode/2019/11/25/20982649/google-fired-rebecca-rivers-employee-questioned-work-customs-and-border-protection (5) https://gizmodo.com/google-employees-resign-in-protest-against-pentagon-con-1825729300 ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 69 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Report, which provides transparency into the
type of concerns employees have raised, the number of concerns employees have raised, and how the company has resolved those concerns. While we disagree with a number of the claims
and characterizations in this proposal, beginning in September 2020, we have committed to updating our workplace policies and practices,
including: • Continuing to enhance investigations processes, including how we escalate concerns, how quickly we respond, how we reopen cases, and more • Offering four follow-up meetings over two years to complainants involved in harassment, discrimination, or retaliation investigations following an investigation • Continuing to analyze investigations data to ensure that lessons learned are captured and relied upon to further improve our policies, training and investigation outcomes • Providing information about how sexual harassment and other allegations are investigated through the annual Internal Investigations Report and Investigations Practice Guide • Continuing to allow those who settle claims of sexual harassment and related retaliation to disclose the facts and circumstances underlying such claims • Reporting to our Board
of Directors on effectiveness of the company’s sexual harassment and retaliation compliance programs and proposed changes The ability to raise concerns helps protect and preserve the company’s special culture and is key to our long-term success. We believe our existing policies and practices, which are broad in scope, adequately address the concerns raised by the proponent. Consequently, our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST” this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative “FOR”
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked
to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “ AGAINST ” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 70 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 9 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Charitable Contributions Charitable Giving Reporting Be it RESOLVED that shareholders of Alphabet,
Inc. (the “Company”) request that the Company prepare and annually update a report to shareholders, at reasonable expense
and excluding proprietary information, listing and analyzing charitable contributions during the prior year. The report should 1. Identify organizational or individual recipients of donations, whether cash or in-kind, in excess of $5000 and aggregate smaller contributions by categories of recipients such as community organizations, schools, medical groups, churches, political or social activism organizations, and the like; 2. Identify for donations not yet spent or used: the purposes to which the donations are to be put, any restrictions on the use of the donations, and any mechanisms by which the restrictions on donations will be monitored and enforced; 3. Identify for donations already spent or used: the purposes to which the donations were to be put, the purposes to which the donations were actually put, the method by which the use of the donations was monitored and ascertained, and an evaluation of the efficacy of the donations and the Company’s intention with regard to future donations to the organization; 4. Include management’s analysis of the risks to the Company’s brand, reputation, or shareholder value posed by public controversies associated with the donations, including an explanation of the objective and consistent standards by which such controversies were discovered and their effect on the Company gauged; and 5. Identify, if and as appropriate, philanthropic areas of initiatives considered most germane to corporate values while posting less risk to Company reputation; or in the alternative, any decision to scale back without replacement risky or misused donations. Supporting Statement The Securities & Exchange Commission
has long and consistently stated that charitable contributions by corporations are “generally found to involve a matter of
corporate policy which is extraordinary in nature and beyond a company’s ordinary business operations,” 1 and
so is amenable, without omission, to shareholder proposals to require reporting about them and about potential or realized risks
and controversies arising from them, so long as the proposal relates to the corporation’s “charitable contributions
generally,” rather than merely to some segment of the corporation’s charitable contributions. 2 The need
for such reporting has grown particularly acute in this shareholder season. Many corporations, including the Company have committed
to making significant charitable contributions in recent months. 3 The political and social events which triggered these
commitments are potentially highly divisive, and carry with them significant potential for misapplication of well-intentioned contributions
to activities fraught with risk to the Company’s reputation. 4 It has therefore become more important than ever
for corporations, and for Company specifically, to monitor carefully, and to report to shareholders, the content of, intentions
for, actual use of and lessons learned from its charitable contributions. (1) https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/14a-8/2010/humanlife021910-14a8.pdf (2) https://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/14a-8/2017/johnharrington022817-14a8.pdf (3) https://www.48min.com/culture/list-of-companies-corporations-brands-donated-to-black-lives-matter-organizations/;
    https://www.forbes.com/sites/isabeltogoh/2020/06/01/corporate-donations-tracker-here-are-the-companies-giving-millions-to-anti-racism-efforts/?sh=5585a4c37dc7;
    https://deadline.com/2020/06/netflix-2-cash-100m-financial-institutions-supporting-black-communities-1202973648/;
    https://www.complex.com/life/2020/06/companies-putting-up-money-for-social-justice-amid-worldwide-protests;
    https://www.breitbart.com/economy/2020/06/11/corporate-donations-to-social-justice/;
    https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2020/06/02/corporate-virtue-signaling-facebook-netflix-peloton-others-donate-millions-in-wake-of-george-floyd-death/;
    https://www.businessinsider.com/george-floyd-protests-companies-responses-actions-apple-target-mcdonalds-nike-2020-6?op=1#youtube-said-it-would-pledge-1-million-in-support-of-efforts-to-address-social-justice-3. (4) Id.;
    https://www.latimes.com/world-nation/story/2020-11-16/portland-protests-anarchists-backlash;
    https://pjmedia.com/news-and-politics/tyler-o-neil/2020/11/28/f-thanksgiving-antifa-topples-statues-of-george-washington-veterans-to-fight-colonization-n1179358;
    https://apnews.com/article/breonna-taylor-race-and-ethnicity-shootings-police-new-york-24af876f135f529d95c9c857ad9aaa0e;
    https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2020/09/22/ nfls_social_justice_experiment_is_no_touchdown_144268.html;
    https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2020/06/02/silent-majority-poll-shows-american-voters-support-use-of-military-national-guard-in-riots/. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 71 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Alphabet Opposing Statement Our Board of Directors has carefully considered
this proposal and, for the reasons set forth below, does not believe that it is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. Google already provides public information on
our core charitable initiatives at https://www.google.org. Significant charitable contributions are made only after an extensive
internal review and must be approved by one or more members of our executive team. Google.org identifies and supports organizations
around the world that are using innovation to tackle humanity’s biggest challenges. For example: • In March of 2021, Google.org launched the global $25 million Impact Challenge for Women and Girls to support nonprofits and social organizations around the world that are working to advance the economic empowerment of women and girls and create pathways to prosperity. Impact Challenge grantees will receive funding, mentoring from Googlers, Ad Grants and additional support to bring their ideas to life. Over the last 5 years, Google.org has provided $55M to nonprofit organizations supporting gender equity and this Impact Challenge builds on this long-standing work. • In 2020, Google.org announced $100 million to support the global COVID-19 response, focusing on health and science, distance learning, and economic relief and recovery. As a part of this commitment, Google.org gave over $9 million to the World Health Organization’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund (through the UN Foundation) and Center for Disaster Philanthropy to support preparedness, containment, response and recovery efforts. Another $10 million was dedicated to a distance learning fund focused on organizations like Khan Academy that are helping educators and parents access digital resources needed to provide high quality learning opportunities to children during COVID-19. Additionally, Google provides technology, funding, and volunteers to better prepare communities ahead of natural disasters, ensure effective relief, and support long term recovery. This past year, Google. org gave over $4 million in response to other crises around the world. • In 2020 Google.org pledged $12 million to support organizations working to advance racial justice. Among them were $1 million grants each to the Leadership Conference Education Fund, the NAACP Legal Defense, the Educational Fund’s Policing Reform Campaign, and the Center for Policing Equity. Given our existing method of frequently
updating our stockholders and the public about these charitable contributions activities, our Board of Directors does not
believe that implementing this proposal would benefit our stockholders. Accordingly, our Board of Directors recommends that
stockholders vote “AGAINST” this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires
the affirmative “FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “AGAINST” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 72 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 10 Stockholder Proposal Regarding Report on Risks Related to Anticompetitive Practices RESOLVED that shareholders
of Alphabet Inc. (“Alphabet”) ask the board of directors to report to shareholders on how it oversees risks related
to anticompetitive practices, including whether the full board or board committee has oversight responsibility, whether and how
consideration of such risks is incorporated into board deliberations regarding strategy, and the board’s role in Alphabet’s
public policy activities related to such risks. The report should be prepared at reasonable expense and should omit confidential
or proprietary information. SUPPORTING STATEMENT The anticompetitive practices
of big tech companies, including Alphabet subsidiary Google, are receiving increasing scrutiny from the public, regulators and
enforcers. Criticism of Google has focused on its use of its monopoly over internet search and its access to user data to eliminate
competitors not only in search but also in adjacent areas such as online shopping. 1 A September 2020 survey found that
58% of Americans are not “confident they are getting objective and unbiased search results when using an online platform
to shop or search;” 85% are very or somewhat concerned about the amount of data online platforms store about them. 2 The House Judiciary Committee’s Antitrust Subcommittee began investigating competition in digital markets in 2019,
focusing on Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google. The Subcommittee reviewed over a million documents and held seven hearings, including
one at which Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai testified. The Subcommittee’s staff report was scathing: It found that companies’
control over key distribution channels allows them to eliminate competition and “pick winners and losers throughout our
economy,” inhibiting innovation and reducing consumer choices. The report found that Google leveraged its search monopoly
to “boost Google’s own inferior vertical offerings” and concluded that “Google increasingly functions
as an ecosystem of interlocking monopolies.” 3 In October 2020, the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”)
and 11 state attorneys general sued Google, alleging that the company maintained monopolies in “general search services,
search advertising, and general search text advertising” through anticompetitive exclusionary agreements with device makers,
carriers and browser developers to make Google the default search engine and prohibit dealing with Google’s competitors.
Attorneys general that did not join the DOJ’s suit are also investigating Google. 4 In 2019, the European Union
fined Google $1.7 billion for “abusive practices in online advertising.” 5 Backlash against anticompetitive
practices can increase pressure for new regulation. Sixty percent of Americans favor more regulation of online platforms. 6 The European Union is considering adopting new regulations and/or a “new competition tool” to deal with structural
competition problems not effectively addressed through current rules. 7 The Antitrust Subcommittee report recommended
a slew of changes aimed at ending the monopolies enjoyed by Google and other platforms. 8 Given the widespread debate
and rapidly changing environment, we believe that robust board oversight would improve Alphabet’s management of risks related
to anticompetitive practices and that shareholders would benefit from more information about the board’s role. Alphabet Opposing Statement The global regulatory landscape is ever-evolving,
complex, and multifaceted. We have clear oversight responsibilities and robust structures in place to evaluate and manage competition-related
risks on an ongoing basis that we publicly disclose. As set forth in our Audit and Compliance Committee
Charter, which is publicly available on Alphabet’s Investor Relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/board/#audit-committee,
the Audit and Compliance Committee is specifically charged with overseeing risks and exposures associated with competition and
regulatory compliance. In undertaking this risk assessment, the members of the Audit and Compliance Committee, aided by members
of management, including the company’s Chief Legal Officer and competition (1) E.g.,
    https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/02/14/googles-anti-competitive-practices-decimates-online-shopping-antitrust-column/4718626002/;
    https://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/343893/ad-tech-company-sues-google-for-anti-competitive-b.html;
    https://www.washingtonpost.com/
    opinions/you-should-be-outraged-at-googles-anti-competitive-behavior/2017/07/07/e117b704-5de1-11e7-9b7d-14576dc0f39d_story.html (2) https://advocacy.consumerreports.org/press_release/consumer-reports-survey-finds-that-most-americans-support-government-regulation-of-online-platforms/ (3) file:///Users/bethyoung/Documents/CtW/Antitrust/Legislative%20materials/Antiturst%20Subcommittee%20report%20competition_in_digital_markets.pdf,
    at 6-7, 14-15 (4) https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/20/doj-antitrust-lawsuit-against-google.html (5) htttps://mashable.com/article/google-eu-antitrust-fine-ads/ (6) https://advocacy.consumerreports.org/press_release/consumer-reports-survey-finds-that-most-americans-support-government-regulation-of-online-platforms/ (7) https://docs.house.gov/meetings/JU/JU05/20200729/110883/HHRG-116-JU05-20200729-SD007.pdf (8) file:///Users/bethyoung/Documents/CtW/Antitrust/Legislative%20materials/Antitrust%20Subcommittee%20report%20competition_in_digital_markets.pdf,
    at 20 - 21. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 73 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers counsel experts, meet regularly and deliberate
the impact of competition laws on the company’s strategies, including potential transactions, future growth and business
development, research and development of new products and services, and decisions with respect to entering new markets. The Audit and Compliance Committee and the Chief
Legal Officer also provide regular reports to the Board of Directors to ensure that it is apprised of these matters, including
the status of investigations and legal proceedings and an overview of legislation and policy trends impacting competition matters.
Our Board of Directors provides critical oversight of the regulatory challenges facing the company and its mitigation strategies. In an effort to keep our stakeholders
apprised of the ongoing risks, Alphabet provides disclosure regarding the increased regulatory scrutiny and related risks we
face, in competition law matters and otherwise. See, for example, Alphabet’s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC. Additionally, the company periodically posts updates and commentary about the company’s new and ongoing
legal matters, including competition legal matters, on Google’s Public Policy blog. Our Board of Directors does not believe
that an additional report as detailed in the proposal would enhance our stockholders’ understanding of how the company
oversees competition risks. In fact, the requested report could be a detriment to both the company’s and our
stockholders’ interests. As disclosed in our filings with the SEC, our company is involved in legal proceedings
concerning antitrust and various competition matters both in the United States and in other jurisdictions around the world,
and disagrees with a number of the claims and characterizations in those matters and in the supporting statement to this
proposal. As a practical matter, most of the information relating to the company’s legal strategies and risks in
connection with these legal proceedings are privileged and/or confidential. As such, the proposal, if implemented, may
interfere with management’s and our Board of Directors’ ability to adequately and fully respond to and defend
against the ongoing investigations and legal proceedings. Given the clear oversight of competition-related
matters by the Audit and Compliance Committee, the ongoing review of these matters by the full Board of Directors, our public reporting
of these issues, and the privileged and/or confidential nature of the information that would be required in the report requested
by this proposal, our Board of Directors does not believe that implementing this proposal would benefit our stockholders. Accordingly,
our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST” this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires the affirmative “FOR”
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. Unless marked
to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “AGAINST” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 74 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Proposal Number 11 Stockholder Proposal Regarding a Transition to a Public Benefit Corporation RESOLVED: Shareholders request our Board of
Directors take steps necessary to amend our certificate of incorporation and, if necessary, bylaws (including presenting such amendments
to the shareholders for approval) to become a public benefit corporation (a “PBC”), contingent on Class B stockholders
converting sufficient Class B shares to Class A or Class C to ensure that at least 60% of the Company’s voting power is not
beneficially owned or controlled by the holders of Class B Shares. SUPPORTING STATEMENT: Estimates state the Company
has more than 4 billion users. 1 It has eight applications with more than one billion users. 2 This reach creates
unique power, and power demands accountability. But our governance is structured to produce profits without accountability. As a conventional corporation, the duties of
Company directors emphasize shareholders, not stakeholders (except to the extent they create value for shareholders). In contrast,
PBC directors must “balance” interests of shareholders, stakeholders, and specified benefits, 3 allowing
the corporation to protect communities, even when it reduces financial return to shareholders in the long run. This distinction is critical. The Company’s
capacity to link people around the globe provides potential to contribute to religious persecution, 4 put democracy at
risk, 5 and undermine vaccination. 6 Threats to freedom, democratice principles, and public health could be
prioritized at a PBC, even if it sacrifices return. These threats matter to the vast majority of
our diversified shareholders: as of September 2020, the top five holders of the Company’s shares were mutual fund companies
with indexed or otherwise broadly diversified portfolios. Diversified shareholders lose when companies harm the economy, because
the value of diversified portfolios rises and falls with GDP. 7 While the Company may profit by ignoring costs it inflicts
on society, its diversified shareholders ultimately internalize those costs. (They may also be personally at risk from them). Shareholders deserve an opportunity to vote on
an amendment that will align our governance with shareholder interests and the global community in order to create meaningful accountability. However, our multiclass structure, which
vests control in individuals with wealth concentrated in our stock, could limit the efficacy of PBC status, because their
concentrated ownership means they benefit when the company sacrifices social good for its own profit. Thus, the board
resolution should provide that the amendment will only be effected if these individuals convert a number of high votes to low
or no votes shares sufficient to provide meaningful accountability to diversified shareholders. Vote to Transition to Public Benefit Corporation- Proposal 11 (1) https://review42.com/google-statistics-and-facts/#:~:text=Google’s%20search%20engine%20market%20share.over%20one%20billion%20acdtive%20users (2) https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1652044/000165204420000008/goog10-k2019.htm#s8845EA78D2E95963AFCF7E636F3B28E0 (3) 8 Del C, §365. (4) https://www.businessinsider.com/china-likely-laid-out-how-google-can-help-persecute-uighur-minority-2018-10 (5) https://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2016/11/16/google-ceo-fake-news-could-ve-swung-election (6) https://www.thedailybeast.com/you-wont-believe-how-easy-it-is-to-buy-anti-vaxx-ads-on-google-and-twitter (7) See Universal Ownership: Why Environmental Externalities Matter to Institutional Investors, Appendix IV (demonstrating linear relationship between GDP and a diversified portfolio) available at https://www.unepfi.org/fileadmin/documents/universal_ownership_full.pdf; cf. https://www.advisorperspectives.com/ dshort/updates/2020/11/05/market-cap-to-gdp-an-updated-look-at-the-buffett-valuation-indicator (total market capitalization to GDP “is probably the best single measure of where valuations stand at any given moment”) (quoting Warren Buffet). ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 75 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers Alphabet Opposing Statement Our Board of Directors believes that the corporate
structure set out in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is in the best interests of the company and our stockholders
and our other stakeholders. The company is committed to building products
that improve the lives of people everywhere, while ensuring that everything we do is ethical, fair, and responsible. We strive
to serve the best interest of not just our stockholders, but our other stakeholders, including our users, workforce, and communities
we operate in. On behalf of our (not so conventional) Delaware corporation, our Board of Directors takes a holistic approach in
making business and strategic decisions. In today’s business environment, the link between corporate conduct and the related
impact to stockholder value is ever-increasing. As such, consideration of the effect of corporate actions on various stakeholders,
which is permitted by Delaware law, in some cases could be an important factor in the exercise of the Board of Directors’
fiduciary duty to make informed decisions. We recognize the way we address broader social
challenges may impact a number of aspects of our business, including our financial performance, relationships with our current
and potential users and investors, and ability to attract and retain the world’s best talent. As such, we believe conducting
business in a socially responsible and sustainable manner is part and parcel of making business decisions that seek to enhance
our ability to succeed over the long term. Our current structure in no way hinders our ability
to undertake a wide range of impactful short-term and long-term projects and initiatives that could be considered “public
benefits” as defined in the Delaware law, and we continually engage in projects and initiatives that may be viewed as “protect[ing]
communities.” We combine funding, innovation, and technical expertise to solve some of humanity’s biggest challenges
in a number of important areas: • Alphabet has been carbon neutral since 2007 and is not only the world’s largest annual corporate purchaser of renewable energy in the world (based on renewable electricity purchased in megawatt-hour), but has also committed nearly $2.7 billion in large-scale renewable energy projects with a total combined capacity of 4.6 GW since 2010. Our goal is to run our business on carbon-free energy everywhere, at all times, by 2030. • In 2019, we announced our $1 billion housing commitment to help increase the Bay Area’s housing supply and support organizations on the frontlines of homelessness. • In 2020, Alphabet issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds, the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history, to fund projects in various different areas, including energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, support for small businesses, and COVID-19 response relief. • In June 2020, YouTube announced a multi-year $100 million fund to amplify and develop the voices of Black creators and artists and their stories. • In March 2020, as part of a $800+ million commitment to support small businesses and crisis response during the COVID-19 pandemic, Google announced an investment fund to help provide small businesses with access to capital. In the U.S., Google partnered with Opportunity Finance Network (OFN) to create the Grow with Google Small Business Fund. The fund provides low-interest loans and Google.org grants to community development financial institutions (CDFIs), who in turn provide funds to small businesses in underserved communities across the country. The U.S. fund has grown to $180 million since our initial commitment. Internationally, Google has formed partnerships with NGOs and financial institutions around the world that are helping us distribute $75 million to small businesses outside of the U.S. • In January 2021, Alphabet pledged an additional $150 million to promote COVID-19 vaccine education and equitable access. • In March 2021, Google announced that it plans to invest over $7 billion to expand Google offices and data centers and create at least 10,000 new jobs across the U.S. It also released an Economic Impact Report showing that Google helped provide $426 billion of economic activity for more than 2 million businesses, nonprofits, publishers, creators and developers in 2020. • Throughout Alphabet and our Other Bets, we are also using technology to try and solve big problems across many industries. For instance, DeepMind announced in November 2020 that its latest version of AI system, AlphaFold, found a solution to the “protein folding problem” that has challenged the scientific community for over 50 years. This breakthrough has the potential to serve as a platform to advance our understanding of fundamental scientific problems, with implications for areas like drug design and environmental sustainability. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 76 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers We periodically publish our progress on some
of our efforts that benefit our global community. For example, an overview of Google’s corporate environmental sustainability
initiatives can be found at https://google.com/sustainability and information on racial equity commitments can be found at https://about.google/commitments/racialequity/. Further, as a practical matter, the company has
no power or authority to compel the current holders of our Class B stock to convert their Class B shares to Class A shares or to
control or dictate who buys and accumulates voting stock of the company to be able to ensure at all times that there is a diversified
stockholder base, as this proposal requests. The company also cannot control or ensure that stockholders will give approval, or
that our stockholders would be able to agree on what the identified public benefit(s) should be when casting their votes for this
proposal, given the lack of guidance provided. Our Board of Directors believes in continuing
to lead with transparency, accountability, and integrity to serve our stockholders and stakeholders. Our existing corporate structure
allows us to do all of this and much more, without being limited to a specified public benefit. Accordingly, our Board of Directors
recommends that stockholders vote “AGAINST” this proposal. Required Vote Approval of the stockholder proposal requires
the affirmative “FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class. Unless marked to the contrary, proxies received will be voted “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. Alphabet Recommendation OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “AGAINST” THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 77 Back to Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL MEETING PROXY MATERIALS 1. Why am I receiving these materials? Our Board of Directors has made these materials
available to you on the Internet, or, upon your request, has delivered printed proxy materials to you, in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for use at Alphabet’s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting), which will take place
on Wednesday, June 2, 2021 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time, via our virtual meeting site at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21.
You are invited to participate in and vote on the items of business described in this proxy statement at the Annual Meeting if
you were an Alphabet Class A or Class B common stock holder as of the close of business on April 6, 2021, the Record Date for
the Annual Meeting, or hold a valid proxy for the Annual Meeting. This proxy statement includes information that we are required
to provide to you under the SEC rules and that is designed to assist you in voting your shares. 2. What is included in the proxy materials? The proxy materials include: • our proxy statement for the Annual Meeting; • our Annual Report, which includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020; and • the proxy card or a voting instruction form for the Annual Meeting. 3. What information is contained in this proxy statement? The information in this proxy statement relates to the proposals
to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, the voting process, the compensation of our directors and certain of our executive officers,
corporate governance, and certain other required information. 4. Why did I receive a notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of
    proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? In accordance with rules adopted by the SEC,
we may furnish proxy materials, including this proxy statement and our Annual Report, to our stockholders by providing access
to such documents on the Internet instead of mailing printed copies. Most stockholders will not receive printed copies of the
proxy materials unless they request them. Instead, the Notice, which was mailed to the holders of Class A and Class B common stock,
will instruct you as to how you may access and review all of the proxy materials on the Internet. The Notice also instructs you
as to how you may submit your proxy on the Internet. If you would like to receive a paper or email copy of our proxy materials,
you should follow the instructions for requesting such materials in the Notice. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 78 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 5. I share an address with another stockholder and we received
    only one paper copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of the proxy materials? We have adopted a procedure called “householding,” which
the SEC has approved. Under this procedure, we deliver a single copy of the Notice and, if applicable, the proxy materials to multiple
stockholders who share the same address unless we receive contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. This procedure
reduces our printing costs, mailing costs, and fees. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to be able to access
and receive separate proxy cards. Upon written request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the Notice and, if applicable,
the proxy materials to any stockholder at a shared address to which we delivered a single copy of any of these documents. To receive
a separate copy of the Notice and, if applicable, the proxy materials, stockholders may contact us as follows: Investor Relations Alphabet Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 Email: investor-relations@abc.xyz (650) 253-3393 Stockholders who hold shares in street name (as described on page
80) may contact their brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, or other similar organization to request information about householding. 6. How can I access the proxy materials over the Internet? The Notice, proxy card, or voting instruction form will contain instructions
on how to: • view our proxy materials for the Annual Meeting on the Internet and vote your shares; and • instruct us to send our future proxy materials to you electronically by email. Our proxy materials are also available on our Investor Relations
website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/annual-meeting/. Choosing to receive your future proxy materials by email will save
us the cost of printing and mailing documents to you, and will reduce the impact of printing and mailing these materials on the
environment. If you choose to receive future proxy materials by email, you will receive an email next year with instructions containing
a link to those materials and a link to the proxy voting site. Your election to receive proxy materials by email will remain in
effect until you revoke it. — VOTING INFORMATION 7. What items of business will be voted on at the Annual Meeting? The items of business scheduled to be voted on at the Annual Meeting
are set forth beginning on page 53 of this proxy statement. We will also consider any other business that properly comes before
the Annual Meeting. See Question 21. 8. How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote? Our Board of Directors recommends that you vote your shares “FOR”
each of the director nominees, “FOR” Proposals Number 2, and Number 3, and “AGAINST” Proposals Number
4 through Number 11. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 79 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 9. What shares can I vote? Each share of Alphabet Class A common stock
and Class B common stock issued and outstanding as of the close of business on April 6, 2021, the Record Date for the Annual Meeting,
is entitled to be voted on all items being voted on at the Annual Meeting. Holders of Alphabet Class C capital stock have no voting
power as to any items of business that will be voted on at the Annual Meeting. You may vote all shares of Alphabet Class A common
stock and Class B common stock that you owned as of the Record Date, including shares held: (1) directly in your name as the stockholder
of record, and (2) for you as the beneficial owner in street name through a broker, bank, trustee, or other nominee. On the Record
Date, we had 346,583,678 shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 300,746,730
shares of Class A common stock and 45,836,948 shares of Class B common stock. On the Record Date, we had 324,511,693 shares of
Class C capital stock issued and outstanding. 10. How many votes am I entitled to per share? Each holder of shares of Alphabet Class A common stock is entitled
to one (1) vote for each share of Class A common stock held as of the Record Date, and each holder of shares of Alphabet Class
B common stock is entitled to ten (10) votes for each share of Class B common stock held as of the Record Date. The holders of
the shares of Alphabet Class A common stock and Class B common stock are voting as a single class on all matters described in this
proxy statement for which your vote is being solicited. 11. What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder
    of record and as a beneficial owner? Most Alphabet stockholders hold their shares as a beneficial owner
through a broker or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below, there are some distinctions between
shares held of record and those owned beneficially. • Stockholder of Record —If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer
    agent, Computershare Investor Services (Computershare), you are considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder
    of record. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to Alphabet or to vote during
    the Annual Meeting. If you requested to receive printed proxy materials, you may use the proxy card that was sent to you.
    You may also vote over the Internet, by telephone, or by mail as described in the Notice and under Question 13. • Beneficial Owner —If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, trust, or
    other similar organization, like the vast majority of our stockholders, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares
    held in street name, and the Notice was forwarded to you by that organization. As the beneficial owner, you may vote over
    the Internet, by telephone, or by mail, as described in the Notice and under Question 13. You may also direct your broker,
    bank, trustee or nominee how to vote your shares, and you may vote during the Annual Meeting. If you do not wish to vote during
    the Annual Meeting or you will not be participating in the Annual Meeting, you may vote over the Internet, by telephone, or
    by mail, as described in the Notice and under Question 13. 12. How can I vote my shares at the Annual Meeting? This proxy statement was first mailed to stockholders on or about
April 23, 2021. It is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Alphabet to be voted
during the Annual Meeting for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting. Participation in the Annual Meeting is
limited to holders of Class A or Class B common stock as of April 6, 2021. You will be able to participate in, vote your
shares electronically, and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting by visiting
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21. To be admitted to and to vote at the Annual
Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21, you must enter the 16-digit control number found in the box marked by
the arrow for postal mail recipients of the Notice, the voting instruction form, or the proxy card, or within the body of the
email for electronic delivery recipients. If you encounter any technical difficulties accessing the Annual Meeting or during
the Annual Meeting, please call: (844) 986-0822 (toll-free) or (303) 562-9302 (international). Technical support will be
available 30 minutes prior to the start time of the Annual Meeting. 13. How can I vote my shares without participating in the Annual
    Meeting? Whether you hold shares directly as the stockholder of record or
beneficially in street name, you may direct how your shares are voted without participating in the Annual Meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote by proxy over the
Internet by following the instructions provided in the Notice, or, if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, you can
also vote by mail or telephone pursuant to instructions provided on the proxy card. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 80 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers If you hold shares beneficially in street name, you may also vote
by proxy over the Internet by following the instructions provided in the Notice, or, if you requested to receive printed proxy
materials, you can also vote by telephone or mail by following the voting instruction form provided to you by your broker, bank,
trustee, or nominee. 14. Can I change my vote or revoke my proxy? You can change your vote or revoke your proxy
at any time before it is exercised at the Annual Meeting by taking any one of the following actions: (1) follow the instructions
given for changing your vote via the Internet or by telephone or deliver a valid written proxy with a later date; (2) notify Alphabet’s
Corporate Secretary in writing that you have revoked your proxy by mail at Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View,
CA 94043, or (3) vote electronically during the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/GOOGL21. 15. Is my vote confidential? Proxy instructions, ballots, and voting tabulations
that identify individual stockholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed
either within Alphabet or to third parties, except: (1) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements, (2) to allow for the
tabulation of votes and certification of the vote, and (3) to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. Occasionally, stockholders
provide on their proxy card written comments, which are then forwarded to Alphabet management. 16. How many shares must be present or represented to conduct business
    at the Annual Meeting? The quorum requirement for holding the Annual Meeting and transacting
business is that holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock outstanding as of the Record Date must be present or represented by proxy. Both abstentions and broker non-votes (described
below in Question 18) are counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. 17. How are votes counted? For each proposal submitted for a vote, you may vote “FOR,”
“AGAINST,” or “ABSTAIN.” If you elect to “ABSTAIN,” the abstention has the same effect as a
vote “AGAINST.” Broker non-votes (described below in Question 18) will not affect the outcome of any item of business
being voted on at the Annual Meeting, assuming that a quorum is obtained. If you provide specific instructions with regard to certain items,
your shares will be voted as you instruct on such items. If no instructions are indicated on a properly executed proxy card or
over the telephone or Internet, the shares will be voted as recommended by our Board of Directors. 18. What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? The approval of all eleven proposals in each case requires the affirmative
“FOR” vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of Alphabet’s shares of Class A common stock and
Class B common stock represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class
(meaning that of the shares represented at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote, a majority of them must be voted “FOR”
the proposal for it to be approved). If you hold shares beneficially in street name
and do not provide your broker with voting instructions, your shares may constitute “broker non-votes.” Broker non-votes
occur on a matter when a broker is not permitted to vote on that matter without instructions from the beneficial owner and instructions
are not given. These matters are referred to as “non-routine” matters. All of the matters scheduled to be voted on
at the Annual Meeting are “non-routine,” except for the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP
as Alphabet’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. In tabulating
the voting result for any particular proposal, shares that constitute broker non-votes are not considered voting power present
with respect to that proposal. Thus, broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of any matter being voted on at the Annual Meeting,
assuming that a quorum is obtained. Please note that since brokers may not vote your shares on “non-routine”
matters, including the election of directors (Proposal Number 1), the proposal to adopt Alphabet’s 2021 Stock Plan (Proposal
Number 3), and each of the stockholder proposals (Proposals Number 4 through Number 11), in the absence of your specific instructions,
we encourage you to provide instructions to your broker regarding the voting of your shares. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 81 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 19. Is cumulative voting permitted for the election of directors? No, you may not cumulate your votes for the election of directors. 20. Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the Annual Meeting? Alphabet is making this solicitation and will pay the entire cost
of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing, and distributing these proxy materials and soliciting votes. If you choose to access
the proxy materials and/or vote over the Internet, you are responsible for internet access charges you may incur. If you choose
to vote by telephone, you are responsible for telephone charges you may incur. In addition to the mailing of these proxy materials,
the solicitation of proxies or votes may be made in person, by telephone, or by electronic communication by our directors, officers,
and employees, who will not receive any additional compensation for such solicitation activities. We have also retained Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. to assist us in the distribution of proxy materials and vote tabulation. We will pay Broadridge Financial
Solutions, Inc. a fee of approximately $10,000 plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for these services. 21. What happens if additional matters are presented at the Annual
    Meeting? Other than the eleven items of business described in this proxy statement,
we are not aware of any other business to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting. If you grant a proxy, the persons named as proxy
holders, Sundar Pichai, Ruth M. Porat, Kent Walker, Halimah DeLaine Prado, and Kathryn W. Hall, or any of them, will have the discretion
to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If, for any reason, any of the
nominees is not available as a candidate for director, the persons named as proxy holders will vote your proxy for such other candidate
or candidates as may be nominated by the Board of Directors. 22. Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting? We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting
and publish final voting results on the 2021 Annual Meeting section of our Investor Relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/annual-meeting/.
We will also disclose the final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC within four business days of
the Annual Meeting. — PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL MEETING 23. How can I participate in the Annual Meeting? You are entitled to participate in the
Annual Meeting if you were a holder of Alphabet Class A or Class B common stock as of the Record Date or you hold a valid
proxy for the Annual Meeting. This year’s Annual Meeting will be accessible through the Internet. We have adopted a
virtual format for the Annual Meeting to make participation accessible for stockholders from any geographic location with
Internet connectivity. We have worked to offer the same participation opportunities as were provided at the in-person portion
of our past meetings while further enhancing the online experience available to all stockholders regardless of their
location. The accompanying proxy materials include instructions on how to participate in the Annual Meeting and how you may
vote your shares. Alphabet stockholders of Class A or Class B
common stock (or their proxy holders) as of the close of business on the Record Date can participate in and vote at the Annual
Meeting by logging in with the 16-digit control number found in the box marked by the arrow for postal mail recipients of the
Notice, the voting instruction form, or the proxy card, or within the body of the email for electronic delivery recipients, at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21. All others may view the Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations YouTube channel
at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important
that your shares be part of the voting process. Prior to the Annual Meeting, you may vote your proxy via the Internet, telephone,
or if you received a printed copy of your proxy materials, by mail - in each case the deadline for voting is 11:59 p.m., Eastern
Time, on Tuesday, June 1, 2021. To vote your shares via the Internet in advance of the Annual Meeting, go to the voting website,
www.proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number. You may submit a question in advance of the Annual Meeting at www.proxyvote.com
after logging in with your 16-digit control number. Questions may be submitted during the Annual Meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 82 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before it begins. Online
check-in will start approximately 30 minutes before the Annual Meeting on June 2, 2021. If you have difficulty accessing the Annual
Meeting or during the Annual Meeting, please call: (844) 986-0822 (toll-free) or (303) 562-9302 (international). Technical support
will be available 30 minutes prior to the start time of the Annual Meeting. 24. Is the Annual Meeting going to be webcast? For your convenience, we are pleased to offer a live webcast of the
Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations YouTube channel at https://www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. 25. Who will serve as inspector of elections? Our independent inspector of elections, Broadridge Financial Services,
Inc. will tabulate votes cast by proxy or electronically during the meeting. We expect to publish the final vote tabulation on
the 2021 Annual Meeting section of our Investor Relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/annual-meeting/ within one
business day after the Annual Meeting. We will also report the results in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC within four business days
after the Annual Meeting. 26. How can I contact Alphabet’s transfer agent? Contact our transfer agent by either writing to Computershare Investor
Services, P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, KY 40233-5000 (courier services should be sent to Computershare Investor Services, 462 South
4 th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202-3467), by telephoning shareholder services 1-866-298-8535 (toll free within
the USA, US territories and Canada), or 1-781-575-2879 or by visiting Investor Centre™ portal at www.computershare.com/investor. — STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS, DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS, AND RELATED BYLAW PROVISIONS 27. What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration
    at next year’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders or to nominate individuals
    to serve as directors? Stockholder Proposals: Stockholders may present proper proposals
for inclusion in our proxy statement and for consideration at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders by submitting their proposals
in writing to Alphabet’s Corporate Secretary in a timely manner. For a stockholder proposal to be considered timely for inclusion
in our proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Corporate Secretary of Alphabet must receive the written
proposal at our principal executive offices or at the email address set forth below no later than Friday, December 24, 2021. If
we hold our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders more than 30 days before or after June 2, 2022 (the one-year anniversary date of
the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders), we will disclose the new deadline by which stockholder proposals must be received under
Item 5 of Part II of our earliest possible Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or, if impracticable, by any means reasonably determined
to inform stockholders. In addition, stockholder proposals must otherwise comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 under the
Exchange Act and with the SEC regulations under Rule 14a-8 regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored
proxy materials. Proposals should be addressed in one of the following two ways: 1. via mail with a copy via email: 2. via email only: Alphabet Inc. Attn: Corporate Secretary 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 With a copy via email: corporatesecretary@abc.xyz OR corporatesecretary@abc.xyz Our bylaws also establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders
who wish to present a proposal before an annual meeting of stockholders but do not intend for the proposal to be included in our
proxy statement. Our bylaws provide that the only business that may be conducted at an annual meeting is business that is: (1)
specified in the notice of a meeting given by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, (2) otherwise properly brought before
the meeting by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, or (3) properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder
entitled to vote at the annual meeting who has delivered timely written notice to our Corporate Secretary, which notice must contain
the information specified in our bylaws.To be timely for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must
receive the written notice at our principal executive offices and/or at the email address set forth above: ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 83 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers • not earlier than the close of business on February 2, 2022, and • not later than the close of business on March 4, 2022. If we hold our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders more than 30 days
before or after June 2, 2022 (the one-year anniversary date of the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders), the notice of a stockholder
proposal that is not intended to be included in our proxy statement must be received not later than the close of business on the
earlier of the following two dates: • the 10 th day following the day on which notice of the meeting date is mailed, or • the 10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the meeting date is made. If a stockholder who has notified us of his or her intention to present
a proposal at an annual meeting does not appear to present his or her proposal at such meeting, we are not required to present
the proposal for a vote at such meeting. Nomination of Director Candidates: You may propose director
candidates for consideration by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Any such recommendations should include the
nominee’s name and qualifications for membership on our Board of Directors, and should be directed to the Corporate Secretary
of Alphabet at the mailing and/or email address set forth above. For additional information regarding stockholder recommendations
for director candidates, see “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board
Matters—Consideration of Director Nominees—Stockholder Recommendations and Nominees” on page 27 of this proxy
statement. In addition, our bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors
for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. To nominate a director, the stockholder must provide the information required
by our bylaws. In addition, the stockholder must give timely notice to our Corporate Secretary in accordance with the advance notice
procedure set forth in our bylaws, which, in general, require that our Corporate Secretary receive the notice within the time period
described above under “Stockholder Proposals” for stockholder proposals that are not intended to be included in our
proxy statement. Copy of Bylaw Provisions: A copy of our bylaws is available
at https://abc.xyz/investor/other/bylaws/. You may also contact our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices for
a copy of the relevant bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for submitting stockholder proposals and nominating director
candidates. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT 84 Back to Contents APPENDIX A ALPHABET INC. 2021 STOCK PLAN 1. Purpose of the Plan This Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing the employees and consultants of the Company and members of the Board of Directors with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in the service of the Company and with a proprietary interest in pursuing the long-term growth, profitability, and financial success of the Company. 2. Definitions As used in the Plan or in any instrument governing the terms of any Incentive Award, the following definitions apply to the terms indicated below: (a) “Alphabet” means Alphabet Inc., a Delaware corporation. (b) “Award” means any cash-based or stock-based award granted by the Committee to members of the Board of Directors who are not employees of the Company in accordance with Section 3(b) below. Stock-based Awards may be in the form of any of the following, in each case in respect of Capital Stock: (a) Options, (b) stock appreciation rights, (c) restricted shares, (d)  restricted stock units, (e) dividend equivalent rights, and (f) other equity-based or equity-related Awards (including, without limitation, the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted shares of Capital Stock) that the Committee determines to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan and the interests of the Company. Cash-based awards may be in the form of (i) retainers, (ii) meeting-based fees or (iii) any other cash award that the Committee determines to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan and the interests of the Company. (c) “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of Alphabet. (d) “Capital Stock” means Alphabet’s Class C capital stock, $0.001 par value per share, or any other security
    into which such capital stock shall be changed as contemplated by the adjustment provisions of Section 9 of the Plan. (e) “Cash Incentive Award” means an award granted pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan. (f) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and all regulations, interpretations
    and administrative guidance issued thereunder. (g) “Committee” means the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors or such
    other committee, as the Board of Directors shall appoint from time to time to administer the Plan and to otherwise exercise
    and perform the authority and functions assigned to the Committee under the terms of the Plan. (h) “Company” means Alphabet and all of its Subsidiaries, collectively. (i) “Deferred Compensation Plan” means any plan, agreement or arrangement maintained by the Company from time
    to time that provides opportunities for deferral of compensation. (j) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (k) “Fair Market Value” means, with respect to a share of Capital Stock, as of the applicable date of determination
    (i) the closing sales price on the date of determination or, if not so reported for such day, the immediately preceding business
    day of a share of Capital Stock as reported on the principal securities exchange on which shares of Capital Stock are then
    listed or admitted to trading or (ii) if not so reported, the closing bid price on the date of determination or, if not so
    reported for such day, on the immediately preceding business day as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market or (iii) if not so
    reported, as furnished by any member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. selected by the Committee. In the
    event that the price of a share of Capital Stock shall not be so reported, the Fair Market Value of a share of Capital Stock
    shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the preceding, for federal, state and local income
    tax reporting purposes and for such other purposes as the Committee deems appropriate, the Fair Market Value shall be determined
    by the Committee in accordance with uniform and nondiscriminatory standards adopted by it from time to time. (l) “Incentive Award” means one or more Awards, Stock Incentive Awards and Cash Incentive Awards, collectively. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY
    STATEMENT A-1 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers (m) “ISO” means any Option, or portion thereof, awarded to a Participant pursuant to the Plan which is designated by the Committee as an incentive stock option and also meets the applicable requirements of an incentive stock option pursuant to Section 422 of the Code. (n) “Option” means a stock option to purchase shares of Capital Stock granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan. (o) “Other Stock-Based Award” means an award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan. (p) “Participant” means an employee or consultant of the Company or a member of the Board of Directors who is eligible to participate in the Plan pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof and to whom one or more Incentive Awards have been granted pursuant to the Plan and have not been fully settled or cancelled and, following the death of any such Person, his successors, heirs, executors and administrators, as the case may be. (q) “Person” means a “person” as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, including any “group” within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act. (r) “Permitted Transferee” means a member of the Participant’s immediate family (child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships), any person sharing the Participant’s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than 50% of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Participant) own more than 50% of the voting interests. (s) “Plan” means this Alphabet Inc. 2021 Stock Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. (t) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (u) “Stock Incentive Award” means an Option or Other Stock-Based Award granted pursuant to the terms of the Plan. (v) “Subsidiary” means any “subsidiary” within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 3. Stock Subject to the Plan and Limitations on Non-Employee Director Awards (a) Stock Subject to the Plan The maximum number of shares of Capital Stock that may be covered by Incentive Awards granted under the Plan shall not exceed 60,010,002 shares in the aggregate, which is the sum of: (i) 3,500,000 new shares of Capital Stock, and (ii) 56,510,002 shares of Capital Stock consisting of (A) the number of shares available for future issuance under the Alphabet
    Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Plan (the “ 2012 Plan ”) as of April 14, 2021, the date our Board of Directors
    approved the Plan, and (B) the number of unvested shares granted and outstanding under the 2012 Plan as of April 14, 2021
    that may expire, be forfeited, canceled, or otherwise terminated without issuance, or are settled in cash, or tendered (either
    actually or through attestation) to the Company in payment of any obligation in connection with an award. The shares referred to in the preceding sentences of this paragraph shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9 and the following provisions of this Section 3. Shares of Capital Stock issued under the Plan may be either authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares, or both, at the sole discretion of the Committee. For purposes of the preceding paragraph, shares of Capital Stock covered by Incentive Awards shall only be counted as used to the extent they are actually issued and delivered to a Participant (or such Participant’s permitted transferees as described in the Plan) pursuant to the Plan. For purposes of clarification, in accordance with the preceding sentence if an Incentive Award is settled for cash or if shares of Capital Stock are withheld to pay the exercise price of an Option or to satisfy any tax withholding requirement in connection with an Incentive Award, only the shares issued (if any), net of the shares withheld, will be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the number of shares of Capital Stock that are available for delivery under the Plan. In addition, shares of Capital Stock related to Incentive Awards that expire, are forfeited or cancelled or terminated for any reason without the issuance of shares shall not be treated as issued pursuant to the Plan. In addition, if shares of Capital Stock owned by a Participant (or such Participant’s permitted transferees as described in the Plan) are tendered (either actually or through attestation) to the Company in payment of any obligation in connection with an Incentive Award, the number of shares tendered shall be added to the number of shares of Capital Stock that are available for delivery under the Plan. Shares of Capital Stock covered by Incentive Awards granted pursuant to the Plan in connection with the conversion, replacement, or adjustment of outstanding equity-based awards to reflect a merger or acquisition (within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) and Interpretive Material 5635-1) shall not count as used under the Plan for purposes of this Section 3. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-2 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers (b) Non-Employee Director Awards In order to retain and compensate the non-employee members of the Board of Directors for their services, and to strengthen
    the alignment of their interests with those of the stockholders of the Company, the Plan permits the grant of cash-based and
    stock-based Awards to any non-employee member of the Board of Directors. Aggregate Awards granted to any non-employee member
    of the Board of Directors in respect of any calendar year, solely with respect to his or her service as a non-employee member
    of the Board of Directors, may not exceed $1,500,000 based on the aggregate value of cash-based Awards and the Fair Market
    Value of any stock-based Awards, in each case determined as of the date of grant. The Board of Directors will reassess this
    cap at least once every five years. Non-employee members of the Board of Directors shall not be eligible to receive any Incentive
    Awards other than Awards. (c) Successor to the 2012 Plan The Plan is intended as the successor to the 2012 Plan. Following the date of the approval of the Plan by our stockholders
    (the Approval Date), no additional awards may be granted under the 2012 Plan. In addition, from and after the Approval Date,
    all outstanding awards granted under the 2012 Plan will remain subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan; provided, however, that
    any shares of Capital Stock subject to awards under the 2012 Plan that are outstanding as of the Approval Date that terminate
    by reason of expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise, without the issuance of such shares, that are settled in
    cash, or that are tendered (either actually or through attestation) to the Company in payment of any obligation in connection
    with an award will become available for issuance of Incentive Awards under the Plan (as further described in Section 3(a)
    herein). 4. Administration of the Plan The Plan shall be administered by a Committee of the Board of Directors
consisting of two or more persons, each of whom qualifies as a “non-employee director” (within the meaning of Rule
16b-3 promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act), and as “independent” within the meaning of any applicable
stock exchange listing rules or similar regulatory authority. The Committee shall, consistent with the terms of the Plan, from
time to time designate those employees and consultants of the Company and members of the Board of Directors who shall be granted
Incentive Awards under the Plan and the amount, type and other terms and conditions of such Incentive Awards. All of the powers
and responsibilities of the Committee under the Plan may be delegated by the Committee to any subcommittee thereof. In addition,
the Committee may from time to time authorize a subcommittee consisting of one or more members of the Board of Directors (including
members who are employees of the Company) or employees of the Company to grant Incentive Awards, subject to such restrictions and
limitation as the Committee may specify and to the requirements of Delaware General Corporation Law Section 157. The Committee shall have full discretionary authority to administer
the Plan, including discretionary authority to interpret and construe any and all provisions of the Plan and the terms of any Incentive
Award (and any agreement evidencing the grant of any Incentive Award) granted thereunder and to adopt and amend from time to time
such rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate. The Committee
shall have the authority, in its discretion, to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including
rules and regulations related to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws and/or qualifying
for preferred tax treatment under applicable foreign tax laws. For purposes of clarity, the Committee may exercise all discretion
granted to it under the Plan in a non-uniform manner among Participants. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the Committee
shall determine whether an authorized leave of absence, or absence in military or government service, shall constitute termination
of employment, provided that a Participant who is an employee will not be deemed to cease employment in the case of any leave of
absence approved by the Company. Unless the Committee provides otherwise in the agreement evidencing the grant of an Incentive
Award, vesting of Incentive Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence and will resume on the
date the Participant returns to work on a regular schedule as determined by the Company, it being understood that no vesting credit
will be awarded for the time vesting has been suspended during such leave of absence. For purposes of ISOs, no such leave may exceed
ninety (90) days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon
expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three months following the 91 st day
of such leave any ISO held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an ISO and will be treated for tax purposes as a non-qualified
Option. The provisions of this paragraph shall be administered and interpreted in a manner that does not give rise to any tax under
Section 409A of the Code. The employment of a Participant with the Company shall be deemed
to have terminated for all purposes of the Plan if such Participant is employed by or provides services to a Person that is a Subsidiary
of the Company and such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company, unless the Committee determines otherwise. The Committee
may, without limitation and in its discretion, in connection with any such determination, provide for the accelerated vesting of
any Incentive Award upon or after such cessation, subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall specify. The employment
of a Participant with the Company shall not be deemed to have terminated for any purpose of the Plan if such Participant is employed
by a Person that is part of the Company, and such Participant’s employment is subsequently transferred to any other Person
that is part of the Company, unless and to the extent the Committee specifies otherwise in writing in the instrument evidencing
the grant of an Incentive Award or otherwise. A Participant who ceases to be an employee of the Company but continues, or simultaneously
commences, services as a consultant or director of the Company ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-3 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers shall not be deemed to have had a termination of employment for purposes
of the Plan, unless the Committee determines otherwise. Decisions of the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive on all
parties. All discretion granted to the Committee pursuant to this paragraph must be exercised in a manner that would not cause
any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. On or after the date of grant of an Incentive Award under the Plan,
the Committee may (i) accelerate the date on which any such Incentive Award becomes vested, exercisable or transferable, as the
case may be, (ii) extend the term of any such Incentive Award, including, without limitation, extending the period following a
termination of a Participant’s employment during which any such Incentive Award may remain outstanding, (iii) waive any conditions
to the vesting, exercisability or transferability, as the case may be, of any such Incentive Award, or (iv) provide for the payment
of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to any such Incentive Award; provided, that the Committee shall not have any
such authority to the extent that the grant of such authority would cause any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. The Company shall pay any amount payable with respect to an Incentive
Award in accordance with the terms of such Incentive Award, provided that the Committee may, in its discretion, defer the payment
of amounts payable with respect to an Incentive Award subject to and in accordance with the terms of a Deferred Compensation Plan. 5. Eligibility The Persons who shall be eligible to be selected by the Committee
from time to time to receive Incentive Awards pursuant to the Plan shall be those Persons (a) who are employees and consultants
of, or who render services directly or indirectly to, the Company or (b) who are members of the Board of Directors. Each Incentive
Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an instrument in writing in form and substance approved by the Committee. 6. Options The Committee may from time to time grant Options, subject to the
following terms and conditions: (a) Exercise Price The exercise price per share of Capital Stock covered by any Option shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Capital Stock on the date on which such Option is granted. (b) Term and Exercise of Options (i) Each Option shall become vested and exercisable on such date or dates, during such period and for such number of shares
    of Capital Stock as shall be determined by the Committee on or after the date such Option is granted and set forth in the
    agreement evidencing the grant of such Option; provided , however that no Option shall be exercisable after the
    expiration of ten (10) years from the date such Option is granted; and, provided , further , that each Option
    shall be subject to earlier termination, expiration or cancellation as provided in the Plan or in the agreement evidencing
    the grant of such Option. (ii) Each Option may be exercised in whole or in part; provided , however that no partial exercise of an Option
    shall be for an aggregate exercise price of less than $1,000. The partial exercise of an Option shall not cause the expiration,
    termination or cancellation of the remaining portion thereof. (iii) An Option shall be exercised by such methods and procedures as the Committee determines from time to time, including without
    limitation through net physical settlement or other method of cashless exercise. (iv) Options may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will
    or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of a Participant, only by the Participant; provided , however , that the Committee may permit in its sole discretion Options (other than ISOs) to be transferable
    to a Permitted Transferee. (c) Effect of Termination of Employment or Other Relationship The agreement evidencing the grant of each Option shall specify the consequences with respect to such Option of the termination of the employment or other service between the Company and the Participant holding the Option. (d) Additional Terms for ISOs Each Option that is intended to qualify as an ISO shall be designated as such in the agreement evidencing its grant, and each agreement evidencing the grant of an Option that does not include any such designation shall be deemed to be a non-qualified Option. ISOs may only be granted to Persons who are employees of the Company. The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of grant of the ISOs) of the number of shares of Capital Stock with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year under all plans of the Company shall not exceed $100,000, or such other maximum amount as is then applicable under Section 422 of the Code. Any Option or a portion thereof that is designated as an ISO that for any reason fails to meet the requirements of an ISO shall be treated hereunder as ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-4 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers a non-qualified Option. No ISO may be granted to a Person who, at the time of the proposed grant, owns
    (or is deemed to own under the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all
    classes of common stock of the Company unless (i) the exercise price of such ISO is at least one hundred ten percent (110%)
    of the Fair Market Value of a share of Capital Stock at the time such ISO is granted and (ii) such ISO is not exercisable
    after the expiration of five years from the date it is granted. The maximum number of shares of Capital Stock that may be
    covered by Incentive Awards granted under the Plan that are intended to be ISOs shall not exceed 60,010,002 shares of Capital
    Stock in the aggregate. (e) Repricing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Alphabet may not reprice any Option without the approval of the stockholders
    of Alphabet. For this purpose, “reprice” means (i) any of the following or any other action that has the same
    effect: (A) lowering the exercise price of an Option after it is granted, (B) any other action that is treated as a repricing
    under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”), or (C) cancelling an Option at a time when
    its exercise price exceeds the Fair Market Value of the underlying Capital Stock, in exchange for another Option, restricted
    stock or other equity, unless the cancellation and exchange occurs in connection with a merger, acquisition, spin-off or other
    similar corporate transaction; and (ii) any other action that is considered to be a repricing under formal or informal guidance
    issued by the NASDAQ Stock Market. 7. Other Stock-Based Awards The Committee may grant equity-based or equity-related awards not
otherwise described herein in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions (including any performance conditions) as the
Committee shall determine. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, each such Other Stock-Based Award may (a)
involve the transfer of actual shares of Capital Stock to Participants, either at the time of grant or thereafter, or payment in
cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of shares of Capital Stock, (b) be subject to performance-based and/or service-based
conditions, (c) be in the form of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
shares, deferred share units or share-denominated performance units, and (d) be designed to comply with applicable laws of jurisdictions
other than the United States; provided, that each Other Stock-Based Award shall be denominated in, or shall have a value determined
by reference to, a number of shares of Capital Stock that is specified at the time of the grant of such award. 8. Cash Incentive Awards The Committee may grant Cash Incentive Awards, subject to terms and
conditions determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, provided that such terms and conditions are consistent with the
terms and conditions of the Plan. Cash Incentive Awards may be settled in cash or in other property, including shares of Capital
Stock, provided that the term “Cash Incentive Award” shall exclude any Stock Incentive Award. 9. Adjustments Upon Certain Changes Subject to any action by the stockholders of Alphabet required by
law, applicable tax rules or the rules of any exchange on which shares of common stock of Alphabet (for the avoidance of doubt,
references to common stock of Alphabet in this Plan shall include Capital Stock) are listed for trading: (a) Shares Available for Grants In the event of any change in the number or type of shares of common stock of Alphabet outstanding by reason of any stock
    dividend or split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or exchange of shares or similar corporate change,
    or any change in the type and number of shares of common stock of Alphabet outstanding by reason of any other event or transaction,
    the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments in the type and maximum aggregate number of shares with respect to which
    the Committee may grant Incentive Awards, and the maximum aggregate number of shares with respect to which the Committee may
    grant Incentive Awards that are intended to be ISOs. (b) Increase or Decrease in Issued Shares Without Consideration In the event of any increase or decrease in the number or type of issued shares of common stock of Alphabet resulting
    from a subdivision or consolidation of shares of common stock of Alphabet or the payment of a stock dividend (but only on
    the shares of common stock of Alphabet), or any other increase or decrease in the number of such shares effected without receipt
    or payment of consideration by the Company, the Committee shall appropriately adjust the type or number of shares subject
    to each outstanding Incentive Award and the exercise price per share, if any, of shares subject to each such Incentive Award. (c) Certain Mergers In the event of any merger, consolidation or similar transaction as a result of which the holders of shares of Capital
    Stock receive consideration consisting exclusively of securities of the surviving corporation in such transaction, the Committee
    shall appropriately adjust each Incentive Award outstanding on the date of such merger or consolidation so that it pertains
    and applies to the securities which a holder of the number of shares of Capital Stock subject to such Incentive Award would
    have received in such merger or consolidation. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-5 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers (d) Certain Other Transactions In the event of (i) a dissolution or liquidation of Alphabet, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (on a consolidated basis) or (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving Alphabet in which the holders of shares of Capital Stock receive securities and/or other property, including cash, other than shares of the surviving corporation in such transaction, the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, have the power to: (A) cancel, effective immediately prior to the occurrence of such event, each Incentive Award (whether or not then exercisable
    or vested), and, in full consideration of such cancellation, pay to the Participant to whom such Incentive Award was granted
    an amount in cash, for each share of Capital Stock subject to such Incentive Award, equal to the value, as determined by the
    Committee, of such share of Capital Stock, provided that with respect to the shares of Capital Stock subject to any outstanding
    Option such value shall be equal to the excess of (1) the value, as determined by the Committee, of the property (including
    cash) received by the holder of a share of Capital Stock as a result of such event over (2) the exercise price of a share
    of Capital Stock subject to such Option; or (B) provide for the exchange of each Incentive Award (whether or not then exercisable or vested) for an Incentive Award with
    respect to (1) some or all of the property which a holder of the number of shares of Capital Stock subject to such Incentive
    Award would have received in such transaction or (2) securities of the acquirer or surviving corporation, and, incident thereto,
    make an equitable adjustment as determined by the Committee in the exercise price per share, if any, of stock subject to the
    Incentive Award, or the number of shares or amount of property subject to the Incentive Award or provide for a payment (in
    cash or other property) to the Participant to whom such Incentive Award was granted in partial consideration for the exchange
    of the Incentive Award. (e) Other Changes In the event of any change in the capitalization of Alphabet or corporate change other than those specifically referred to in paragraphs 9(b), (c) or (d), including without limitation, any extraordinary cash dividend, spin-off, split-off, sale of a Subsidiary or business unit, or similar transaction, the Committee may make such adjustments in the issuer, number and class of shares subject to Stock Incentive Awards outstanding on the date on which such change occurs, such as, for example, a rollover of Stock Incentive Awards, and in such other terms of such Incentive Award, as the Committee may consider appropriate. (f) Cash Incentive Awards In the event of any transaction or event described in this Section 9, including without limitation any corporate change referred to in paragraph (e) hereof, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, make such adjustments of any Cash Incentive Award, as the Committee may consider appropriate in respect of such transaction or event. (g) No Other Rights Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no Participant shall have any rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any dividend, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or any dissolution, liquidation, merger or consolidation of Alphabet or any other corporation. Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no issuance by Alphabet of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of shares or amount of other property subject to, or the terms related to, any Incentive Award. (h) Savings Clause No provision of this Section 9 shall be given effect to the extent that such provision would cause any tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. 10. Rights Under the Plan No Person shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to
any shares of Capital Stock covered by or relating to any Incentive Award until the date of the issuance of such shares on the
books and records of Alphabet. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 9 hereof, no adjustment of any Incentive Award
shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date occurs prior to the date of such issuance. Nothing in this
Section 10 is intended, or should be construed, to limit the authority of the Committee to cause the Company to make payments based
on the dividends that would be payable with respect to any share of Capital Stock if it were issued or outstanding, or from granting
rights related to such dividends. The Company shall not have any obligation to establish any separate
fund or trust or other segregation of assets to provide for payments under the Plan. To the extent any person acquires any rights
to receive payments hereunder from the Company, such rights shall be no greater than those of an unsecured creditor. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-6 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 11. No Special Employment Rights; No Right to Incentive Award (a) Nothing contained in the Plan or any agreement evidence the grant of any Incentive Award shall confer upon any Participant
    any right with respect to the continuation of his employment by or service to the Company or interfere in any way with the
    right of the Company at any time to terminate such employment or service or to increase or decrease the compensation of the
    Participant from the rate in existence at the time of the grant of an Incentive Award. (b) No person shall have any claim or right to receive an Incentive Award hereunder. The Committee’s granting of an
    Incentive Award to a Participant at any time shall neither require the Committee to grant an Incentive Award to such Participant
    or any other Participant or other person at any time nor preclude the Committee from making subsequent grants to such Participant
    or any other Participant or other person. 12. Securities Matters (a) Alphabet shall be under no obligation to effect the registration pursuant to the Securities Act of any shares of Capital
    Stock to be issued hereunder or to effect similar compliance under any state or local laws. Notwithstanding anything herein
    to the contrary, Alphabet shall not be obligated to cause to be issued any shares of Capital Stock pursuant to the Plan unless
    and until Alphabet is advised by its counsel that the issuance of such shares is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations
    of governmental authority and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Capital Stock are traded. The
    Committee may require, as a condition to the issuance of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, that the recipient
    of such shares make such covenants, agreements and representations, and that any certificates representing such shares bear
    such legends, as the Committee deems necessary or desirable. (b) The exercise of any Option granted hereunder shall only be effective at such time as counsel to Alphabet shall have determined
    that the issuance of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to such exercise is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations
    of governmental authority and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Capital Stock are traded. Alphabet
    may, in its sole discretion, defer the effectiveness of an exercise of an Option hereunder or the issuance of shares of Capital
    Stock pursuant to any Incentive Award pending or to ensure compliance under federal, state or local securities laws. Alphabet
    shall inform the Participant in writing of its decision to defer the effectiveness of the exercise of an Option or the issuance
    of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to any Incentive Award. During the period that the effectiveness of the exercise of an
    Option has been deferred, the Participant may, by written notice, withdraw such exercise and obtain the refund of any amount
    paid with respect thereto. 13. Withholding Taxes (a) Cash Remittance Whenever shares of Capital Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of an Option or the grant or vesting of an Incentive
    Award, and whenever any amount shall become payable in respect of any Incentive Award, Alphabet shall have the right to require
    the Participant to remit to Alphabet in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local withholding tax requirements,
    if any, attributable to such exercise, grant, vesting or payment prior to issuance of such shares or the effectiveness of
    the lapse of such restrictions or making of such payment. In addition, upon the exercise or settlement of any Incentive Award
    in cash, or the making of any other payment with respect to any Incentive Award (other than in shares of Capital Stock), Alphabet
    shall have the right to withhold from any payment required to be made pursuant thereto an amount sufficient to satisfy the
    federal, state and local withholding tax requirements, if any, attributable to such exercise, settlement or payment. (b) Stock Remittance At the election of the Participant, subject to the approval of the Committee, when shares of Capital Stock are to be issued
    upon the exercise, grant or vesting of an Incentive Award, the Participant may tender to Alphabet a number of shares of Capital
    Stock that have been owned by the Participant for at least six months (or such other period as the Committee may determine)
    having a Fair Market Value at the tender date determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy withholding tax requirements,
    if any, attributable to such exercise, grant or vesting, but in no event exceeding the maximum statutory tax rates of the
    Participant’s applicable jurisdiction (or such other rate as would not trigger a negative accounting impact), as determined
    by Alphabet in its sole discretion. Such election shall satisfy the Participant’s obligations under Section 13(a) hereof,
    if any. (c) Stock Withholding When shares of Capital Stock are to be issued to a Participant upon the exercise, grant or vesting of an Incentive Award,
    Alphabet shall have the authority to withhold a number of such shares having a Fair Market Value at the date of the applicable
    taxable event determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy withholding tax requirements, if any, attributable to
    such exercise, grant or vesting, but in no event exceeding the maximum statutory tax rates of the Participant’s applicable
    jurisdiction (or such other rate as would not trigger a negative accounting impact), as determined by Alphabet in its sole discretion. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-7 Back to Contents 1 Corporate Governance 2 Director and Executive Compensation 3 Audit Matters 4 Management and Stockholder Proposals 5 Questions and Answers 14. Amendment or Termination of the Plan The Board of Directors may at any time suspend or discontinue the
Plan or revise or amend it in any respect whatsoever; provided, however , that to the extent that any applicable law, tax
requirement, or rule of a stock exchange requires stockholder approval in order for any such revision or amendment to be effective,
such revision or amendment shall not be effective without such approval. The preceding sentence shall not restrict the Committee’s
ability to exercise its discretionary authority hereunder pursuant to Section 4 hereof, which discretion may be exercised without
amendment to the Plan. No provision of this Section 14 shall be given effect to the extent that such provision would cause any
tax to become due under Section 409A of the Code. Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no action hereunder may, without the
consent of a Participant, reduce the Participant’s rights under any previously granted and outstanding Incentive Award. Nothing
in the Plan shall limit the right of the Company to pay compensation of any kind outside the terms of the Plan. 15. No Obligation to Exercise The grant to a Participant of an Incentive Award shall impose no
obligation upon such Participant to exercise such Incentive Award. 16. Transfers Upon Death Upon the death of a Participant,
outstanding Incentive Awards granted to such Participant may be exercised by the Participant’s designated beneficiary, provided
that such beneficiary has been designated prior to the Participant’s death, to the extent permitted by the Committee (a “Permitted
Designation”). Each such Permitted Designation shall revoke all prior designations by the Participant and shall be effective
only if given in a form and manner acceptable to the Committee. In the absence of any such effective Permitted Designation, such
Incentive Awards may be exercised only by the executors or administrators of the Participant’s estate or by any person or
persons who shall have acquired such right to exercise by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No transfer by will
or the laws of descent and distribution of any Incentive Award, or the right to exercise any Incentive Award, shall be effective
to bind Alphabet unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (a) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or
such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and (b) an agreement by the transferee
to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Incentive Award that are or would have been applicable to the Participant and
to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Participant in connection with the grant of the Incentive Award. 17. Expenses and Receipts The expenses of the Plan shall be paid by the Company. Any proceeds
received by Alphabet in connection with any Incentive Award will be used for general corporate purposes. 18. Governing Law The Plan and the rights of all persons under the Plan shall be construed
and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law principles. 19. Effective Date and Term of Plan The Plan was approved by the board of directors of Alphabet on April
14, 2021, subject to the approval of the Plan by the stockholders of Alphabet. No grants of Incentive Awards may be made under
the Plan after June 2, 2031. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-8 Back to Contents INFORMATION CONCERNING ALPHABET’S ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Our Stockholders: We are pleased to invite you to participate in Alphabet’s 2021
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Wednesday, June 2, 2021 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time, via our virtual meeting site at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21. If You Plan to Participate in the Annual Meeting: • Even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, we recommend that you submit your proxy or voting
    instructions as described in the proxy statement so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to participate
    in the Annual Meeting. • The accompanying proxy materials include instructions on how to participate in the Annual Meeting and how you may vote
    your shares. • You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting if you were a holder of Class A or Class B common stock as of the
    close of business on April 6, 2021, the record date, or hold a valid proxy for the Annual Meeting. Holders of Class A or Class
    B common stock as of the record date can participate in and vote at the Annual Meeting by logging in with the 16-digit control
    number found in the box marked by the arrow for postal mail recipients of the Notice, the voting instruction form, or the
    proxy card, or within the body of the email for electronic delivery recipients, at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21.
    All others may view the Annual Meeting through our Investor Relations YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/c/AlphabetIR. • Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be part of the voting process.
    Prior to the Annual Meeting, you may vote your proxy via the Internet, telephone, or if you received a printed copy of your
    proxy materials, by mail - in each case the deadline for voting is 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on Tuesday, June 1, 2021. To
    vote your shares via the Internet in advance of the Annual Meeting, go to the voting website, www.proxyvote.com and enter
    your 16-digit control number. • You may submit a question in advance of the Annual Meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with your 16-digit control
    number. Questions may be submitted during the Annual Meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GOOGL21. • We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before it begins. Online check-in will start approximately 30 minutes before
    the meeting on June 2, 2021. If you have difficulty accessing the Annual Meeting or during the Annual Meeting, please call
    1-844-986-0822 (toll free) or 1-303-562-9302 (international). We will have technicians available to assist you. ALPHABET • 2021 PROXY STATEMENT A-9 Back to Contents Back to Contents Back to Contents