DEF 14A 1 agilent_def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Table of Contents UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT
NO.         ) Filed by the
Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than
the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only
      (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to
      §240.14a-12 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES,
      INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its
      Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
      other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check
the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act
      Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which
      transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which
      transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying
      value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set
      forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it
      was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of
      transaction: (5) Total fee paid: ☐ Fee paid previously with
      preliminary materials. ☐ Check box if any part of
      the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify
      the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
      previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule
      and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously
  Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration
      Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Persons who are to
      respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not
      required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control
      number. Table of Contents Agilent Technologies, Inc. 5301 Stevens Creek Blvd. Santa Clara, California 95051 William P. Sullivan Chief Executive
Officer February 2015 To our
Stockholders: I am pleased to invite you to
attend the annual meeting of stockholders of Agilent Technologies, Inc.
(“Agilent”) to be held on Wednesday, March 18, 2015 at 8:00 a.m., Pacific
Standard Time, at Agilent’s headquarters located at 5301 Stevens Creek Blvd.,
Building No. 5, Santa Clara, California (U.S.A.). Details regarding admission to
the annual meeting and the business to be conducted are more fully described in
the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. If you are unable to attend
the annual meeting in person, you may listen through the Internet or by
telephone. To listen to the live webcast, log on at www.investor.agilent.com and
select the link for the webcast. To listen by telephone, please call (877)
312-5529 (international callers should dial (253) 237-1147). The meeting
identification number is 45043300. The webcast will begin at 8:00 a.m. and will
remain on Agilent’s website for one year. You cannot record your vote or ask
questions on this website or at this phone number. We have elected to take
advantage of Securities and Exchange Commission rules that allow issuers to
furnish proxy materials to their stockholders on the Internet. We believe that
the rules will allow us to provide our stockholders with the information they
need, while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact
of the annual meeting. Your vote is important.
Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, I hope that you will vote
as soon as possible. Please review the instructions on each of your voting
options described in the Proxy Statement and the Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials you received in the mail. Thank you for your ongoing
support of, and continued interest in, Agilent. Sincerely, Admission to the annual
meeting will be limited to stockholders. You are entitled to attend the annual
meeting only if you are a stockholder of record as of the close of business on
January 20, 2015, the record date, or hold a valid proxy for the meeting. In
order to be admitted to the annual meeting, you must present proof of ownership
of Agilent stock on the record date. This can be a brokerage statement or letter
from a bank or broker indicating ownership on January 20, 2015, the Notice of
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, a proxy card, or legal proxy or voting
instruction card provided by your broker, bank or nominee. Any holder of a proxy
from a stockholder must present the proxy card, properly executed, and a copy of
the proof of ownership. Stockholders and proxyholders may also be asked to
present a form of photo identification such as a driver’s license or passport.
Backpacks, cameras, cell phones with cameras, recording equipment and other
electronic recording devices will not be permitted at the annual meeting.
Agilent reserves the right to inspect any persons or proposals prior to their
admission to the annual meeting. Failure to follow the meeting rules or permit
inspection will be grounds for exclusion from the annual meeting. Table of Contents AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. 5301 Stevens Creek
Blvd. Santa Clara, California 95051 (408) 553-2424 Notice of Annual Meeting
of Stockholders TIME 8:00 a.m., Pacific Standard Time,
      on Wednesday, March 18, 2015 PLACE Agilent’s
      Headquarters 5301 Stevens
      Creek Boulevard, Building No. 5 Santa Clara, California
      (U.S.A.) ITEMS OF
      BUSINESS (1) To elect three
      directors to a 3-year term. At the annual meeting, the Board of Directors
      intends to present the following nominees for election as
      directors: ● Robert J. Herbold ● Koh Boon Hwee; and ● Michael R. McMullen (2) To ratify the Audit
      and Finance Committee’s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s independent registered
      public accounting firm. (3) To re-approve and
      amend the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
      Employees. (4) To approve
      amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
      Bylaws to declassify the Board. (5) To approve, on a
      non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of Agilent’s named executive
      officers. (6) To consider such
      other business as may properly come before the annual
    meeting. RECORD
DATE You are entitled to vote
      at the annual meeting and at any adjournments or postponements thereof if
      you were a stockholder at the close of business on Tuesday, January 20,
      2015. ANNUAL
      MEETING ADMISSION To be admitted to the
      annual meeting, you must present proof of ownership of Agilent stock as of
      the record date. This can be a brokerage statement or letter from a bank
      or broker indicating ownership on January 20, 2015, the Notice of Internet
      Availability of Proxy Materials, a proxy card, or legal proxy or voting or
      voting instruction card provided by your broker, bank or nominee. You may
      also be asked to present a form of photo identification such as a driver’s
      license or passport. The annual meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m.
      Limited seating is available on a first come, first served
      basis. VOTING For instructions on
      voting, please refer to the instructions on the Notice of Internet
      Availability of Proxy Materials you received in the mail or, if you
      received a hard copy of the Proxy Statement, on your enclosed proxy
      card. By Order of the
      Board, Marie Oh Huber Senior Vice President, General Counsel
    and Secretary This Proxy Statement and
the accompanying proxy card are being sent or made available on or about
February 6, 2015. 1 Table of Contents SUMMARY
INFORMATION PROXY SUMMARY The following is a summary
which highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This
summary does not contain all of the information you should consider, and you are
urged to read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Voting Matters and Vote
Recommendations There are five items of
business which Agilent currently expects to be considered at the Annual Meeting.
The following table lists those items of business and the Agilent Board’s vote
recommendation. PROPOSAL BOARD VOTE
  RECOMMENDATION (1) Election of Directors For each director
      nominee (2) Ratification of the
      Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For (3) Re-approval and amendment of the Performance-Based Compensation
      Plan for Covered Employees For (4) Amendments to our
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to
      declassify the Board For (5) Advisory vote to approve Named Executive Officer
      compensation For Proposal 1 - Director
Nominees Agilent’s Board is currently
divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms. On September 17,
2014, Mr. Sullivan notified the Company that he would retire as Chief Executive
Officer and as a member of the Company’s board of directors effective March 18,
2015. Mr. McMullen, Agilent’s current President and Chief Operating Officer, is
being nominated to fill the board vacancy left by Mr. Sullivan’s retirement and
will assume the title of Chief Executive Officer on March 18, 2015. The
following table provides summary information about each of the three director
nominees who are being voted on at the Annual Meeting. COMMITTEE OTHER DIRECTOR INDE- MEMBERSHIPS PUBLIC NAME AGE SINCE OCCUPATION PENDENT AC CC NCG EC BOARDS Robert J.
      Herbold 72 2000 Managing Director of The
      Herbold Group, LLC Yes M M 1 Koh Boon
    Hwee 64 2003 Managing Partner,
      Credence Capital Fund II (Cayman)
      Ltd. Yes C M 4 Michael R.
      McMullen 53 — President and Chief Operating Officer of Agilent Technologies No — Key: AC: Audit Committee; CC:
      Compensation Committee; NCG: Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee;
      EC: Executive Committee; C: Chairperson; M:
Member 2 Table of Contents SUMMARY
INFORMATION Proposal 2 - Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm We ask that our stockholders
ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s independent
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2015. Below is summary
information about PricewaterhouseCoopers’ fees for services performed during
fiscal years 2014 and 2013: %
      of %
      of Fee
      Category: Fiscal
      2014 Total Fiscal
    2013 Total Audit Fees $ 7,791,000 76.8 $4,984,000 83.1 Audit-Related Fees 1,695,000 16.7 762,000 12.7 Tax
      Fees: Tax
      compliance/preparation 265,000 2.6 245,000 4.1 Other tax
    services 0 0 0 0 Total
      Tax Fees 265,000 2.2 245,000 4.1 All
      Other Fees 392,000 3.9 4,000 0.01 Total Fees $ 10,143,000 100 $5,995,000 100 Proposal 3 - Re-approval
and Amendment of the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
Employees At the Annual Meeting, Agilent
is requesting that stockholders approve the material terms of the Agilent
Technologies, Inc. Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered Employees
(the “Performance Plan”) and approve an amendment to the Performance Plan that
will provide the ability to pay awards under the Performance Plan in the form of
cash and/or Agilent common stock. Subject to stockholder approval, the
Performance Plan, as amended, will be effective commencing with fiscal year
2015. Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code requires that the stockholders
approve the material terms of the Performance Plan at least every five years.
The Performance Plan was most recently approved by our stockholders at the 2010
annual meeting. As proposed for approval,
and with the exception of the ability to pay awards under the Performance Plan
in the form of cash and/or Agilent common stock, the Performance Plan is
substantially the same as the version approved by the stockholders in
2010. Proposal 4 - Amendments to
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to Declassify
the Board As part of the Company’s
commitment to effective governance practices, management and the Board undertook
a review of current corporate governance trends and considered the view held by
many institutional stockholders that transitioning to an annually elected board
is preferable to maintaining a classified board. After careful consideration the
Board has determined that it is appropriate to propose for stockholder
consideration amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws that, if adopted, would eliminate the classified
structure of our Board over a three-year period. If this proposal is approved
by the requisite percentage of stockholders, the Company will transition to a
declassified structure under which current directors will serve out their
remaining terms prior to standing for election and the entire Board will stand
for election annually beginning in 2018. As part of the transition, at the
Annual Meetings of Stockholders in 2016 and 2017, each of the Class I and Class
II directors, respectively, will begin standing for annual election. The
proposed amendments will not affect the unexpired term of any director elected
prior to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2016. 3 Table of Contents SUMMARY
INFORMATION Proposal 5 - Approve Named
Executive Officer Compensation We are requesting your
non-binding vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive
officers as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive
Compensation sections of the proxy statement. The proxy statement contains
information about Agilent’s executive compensation programs. In particular, you
will find detailed information in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and
the Executive Compensation tables. We believe our programs are
well aligned with the interests of our shareholders and are instrumental to
achieving our business strategy. In determining executive compensation for
fiscal year 2014, the Compensation Committee considered the overwhelming
stockholder support (97% approval of votes cast) that the “Say-on-Pay” proposal
received at our March 20, 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. The Compensation
Committee believes that the shareholder vote confirms the philosophy and
objective of linking our executive compensation to our operating and strategic
objectives and the enhancement of shareholder value. We view this level of
shareholder support as an affirmation of our current pay practices for fiscal
year 2014. The Compensation Committee will continue to consider the outcome of
the Company’s say-on-pay votes when making future compensation decisions for the
named executive officers. 4 Table of Contents TABLE OF
CONTENTS 2015 ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING AND PROXY
STATEMENT TABLE OF
CONTENTS Page PROPOSAL 1 – ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 Director Nomination Criteria: Qualifications and
      Experience 8 Director Nominees for Election to New Three-Year Terms That Will Expire in 2018 9 Continuing Directors Not Being Considered for Election at this Annual Meeting 11 Directors Whose Terms Will Expire in 2016 11 Directors Whose Terms Will Expire in 2017 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS 14 Board Leadership Structure 14 Board’s Role in Risk Oversight 14 Majority Voting for Directors 15 Board Communications 15 Director Independence 15 Compensation Committee Independence 16 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 17 Audit and Finance Committee 17 Compensation Committee 18 Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee 18 Executive Committee 19 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 20 RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS POLICY AND PROCEDURES 20 Transactions with Related Persons 21 PROPOSAL 2 – RATIFICATION OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 23 Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 23 Policy on Audit and Finance Committee Preapproval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24 AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT 25 PROPOSAL 3 – RE-APPROVAL AND AMENDMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED EMPLOYEES 26 PROPOSAL 4 – APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS TO DECLASSIFY THE BOARD 30 COMMON STOCK OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 31 Beneficial Ownership Tables 32 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 32 COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 33 Summary of Non-Employee Director Annual Compensation for the 2014 Plan Year 33 Non-Employee Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2014 34 Non-Employee Director Reimbursement Practice for Fiscal Year 2014 35 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 35 5 Table of Contents TABLE OF
CONTENTS 2015 ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING AND PROXY
STATEMENT TABLE OF
CONTENTS Page PROPOSAL 5 – NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF AGILENT’S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 36 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 38 Introduction 38 Executive Summary 38 Compensation Philosophy 41 Compensation Risk Controls 42 Process for Determining Compensation 43 Benchmarking 44 Peer Group 45 CEO Compensation 45 Fiscal Year 2014 Compensation 46 Base Salary 46 Short-Term Cash Incentives 46 Long-Term Incentives – Stock Options and Performance Stock Units 49 Equity Grant Practices 52 Benefits 52 Deferred Compensation 52 Pension Plans 53 Policy Regarding Compensation in Excess of $1 Million a Year 53 Termination and Change of Control 54 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 55 Summary Compensation Table 55 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Last Fiscal Year 57 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 58 Option Exercises and Stock Vested at Fiscal Year-End 60 Pension Benefits 60 Retirement Plan 61 Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan 61 Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan 62 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation in Last Fiscal Year 62 France Pension Plan 63 International Relocation Benefit Plan 64 Termination and Change of Control Arrangements 64 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 67 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 67 6 Table of Contents TABLE OF
CONTENTS 2015 ANNUAL MEETING
OF STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING AND PROXY
STATEMENT TABLE OF
CONTENTS Page GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 68 Why did I receive a one-page notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? 68 Why am I receiving these materials? 68 Who is soliciting my proxy? 68 What is included in these materials? 68 What information is contained in these materials? 68 What proposals will be voted on at the annual meeting? 68 What is the Agilent Board’s voting recommendation? 69 What shares owned by me can be voted? 69 What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner? 69 How can I vote my shares in person at the annual meeting? 70 How can I vote my shares without attending the annual meeting? 70 Can I revoke my proxy or change my vote? 70 How are votes counted? 70 What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? 71 What does it mean if I receive more than one Notice, proxy or voting instruction card? 72 Where can I find the voting results of the annual meeting? 72 What happens if additional proposals are presented at the annual meeting? 72 What is the quorum requirement for the annual meeting? 72 Who will count the vote? 72 Is my vote confidential? 72 Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the annual meeting? 73 May I propose actions for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or nominate individuals to serve as directors? 73 How do I obtain a separate set of proxy materials if I share an address with other stockholders? 73 If I share an address with other stockholders of Agilent, how can we get only one set of voting materials for future meetings? 74 7 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 1 – ELECTION OF
DIRECTORS Director Nomination
Criteria: Qualifications and Experience The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee (the “Nominating Committee”) performs an assessment of the
skills and the experience needed to properly oversee the interests of the
Company. Generally the Nominating Committee reviews both the short and long term
strategies of the Company to determine what current and future skills and
experience are required of the Board in exercising its oversight function. The
Nominating Committee then compares those skills to the skills of the current
directors and potential director candidates. The Nominating Committee conducts
targeted efforts to identify and recruit individuals who have the qualifications
identified through this process. The Nominating Committee looks for its current
and potential directors collectively to have a mix of skills and qualifications,
some of which are described below: ● a reputation for personal and professional
integrity and ethics; ● executive or similar policy-making experience in
relevant business or technology areas or national prominence in an academic,
government or other relevant field; ● breadth of experience; ● soundness of judgment; ● the ability to make independent, analytical
inquiries; ● the willingness and ability to devote the time
required to perform Board activities adequately; ● the ability to represent the total corporate
interests of Agilent; and ● the ability to represent the long-term interests
of stockholders as a whole. In addition to these minimum
requirements, the Nominating Committee will also consider whether the
candidate’s skills are complementary to the existing Board members’ skills; the
diversity of the Board in factors such as age, experience in technology,
manufacturing, finance and marketing, international experience and culture; and
the Board’s needs for specific operational, management or other expertise. The
Nominating Committee from time to time reviews the appropriate skills and
characteristics required of board members, including factors that it seeks in
board members such as diversity of business experience, viewpoints and, personal
background, and diversity of skills in technology, finance, marketing,
international business, financial reporting and other areas that are expected to
contribute to an effective Board of Directors. In evaluating potential
candidates for the Board of Directors, the Nominating Committee considers these
factors in the light of the specific needs of the Board of Directors at that
time. Current Director Terms Agilent’s Board is divided
into three classes serving staggered three-year terms. Directors for each class
are elected at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the year in which the
term for their class expires. Agilent’s Bylaws, as amended, allow the Board to
fix the number of directors by resolution. Our Board currently consists of nine
directors divided into three classes. If Proposal 4 is approved by
the requisite percentage of stockholders at the Annual Meeting, the Company will
transition to a declassified structure under which the entire Board will stand
for election annually beginning in 2018. As part of the transition, at the
Annual Meetings of Stockholders in 2016 and 2017, each of the Class I and Class
II directors, respectively, will begin standing for annual election. The
proposed amendments will not affect the unexpired term of any director elected
prior to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2016. 8 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The terms of two current
director nominees will expire at this Annual Meeting. On September 17, 2014, Mr.
Sullivan notified the Company that he would retire as Chief Executive Officer
and as a member of the Company’s board of directors effective March 18, 2015 and
would not stand for re-election at this Annual Meeting. Mr. McMullen, Agilent’s
current President and Chief Operating Officer is being nominated to fill the
vacancy left by Mr. Sullivan’s retirement and will assume the title of Chief
Executive Officer on March 18, 2015. The current composition of the
Board and the term expiration dates for each director is as follows: Class Directors Term
      Expires III Robert J. Herbold, Koh Boon Hwee
      and William P. Sullivan 2015 I Paul N. Clark, James G. Cullen and Tadataka
      Yamada, M.D. 2016 II Heidi Fields, A. Barry Rand and
      George A. Scangos, Ph.D. 2017 Directors elected at the 2015
annual meeting will hold office for a three-year term expiring at the annual
meeting in 2018 (or until their respective successors are elected and qualified,
or until their earlier death, resignation or removal). All nominees, except Mr.
McMullen, are currently directors of Agilent. Information regarding each nominee
is provided below as of December 31, 2014. There are no family relationships
among Agilent’s executive officers and directors. Director Nominees for
Election to New Three-Year Terms That Will Expire in 2018 ROBERT J. HERBOLD Age: 72 Agilent Committees: Public
  Directorships: Director Since: ● Audit and Finance ● Neptune Orient Lines Limited June
      2000 ● Nominating/Corporate Governance Former Public Directorships Held
      During the Past Five Years: None Mr. Herbold has served as the
Managing Director of the consulting firm The Herbold Group, LLC since 2003. He
served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Microsoft
Corporation from 1994 to April 2001 and served as an Executive Vice President
(part-time) of Microsoft Corporation until June 2003. Prior to joining
Microsoft, Mr. Herbold was employed by The Procter & Gamble Company for
twenty-six years, and served as a Senior Vice President at The Procter &
Gamble Company from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Herbold possesses
significant leadership experience and business expertise from his executive
leadership positions with Microsoft Corporation and The Procter & Gamble
Company. Having been a member of the Agilent board for over 10 years, Mr.
Herbold has a strong knowledge of Agilent’s business. In addition, Mr. Herbold
brings considerable public and private company director experience and
perspective on public company management and governance issues and
practices. 9 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS KOH BOON HWEE Age: 64 Agilent Committees: Public
  Directorships: Director Since: ● Compensation (Chair) ● AAC
      Technologies Holdings, Inc. May
      2003 ● Nominating/Corporate Governance ● Sunningdale
      Tech, Ltd. ● Yeo
      Hiap Seng Ltd. ● Far
      East Orchard Ltd. Former Public Directorships Held
      During the Past Five Years: ● DBS
      Group Holdings Ltd. ● DBS
      Bank Ltd. ● Yeo
      Hiap Seng (Malaysia) Bhd Mr. Koh is the managing
partner of Credence Capital Fund II (Cayman) Ltd., a private equity fund. Mr.
Koh has served as the non-Executive Chairman of Sunningdale Tech Ltd. since
January 2009 and previously served as its Executive Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer from July 2005 to January 2009. He has served as the non-Executive
Chairman of Yeo Hiap Seng Ltd. since April 2010, the non-Executive Chairman of
Rippledot Capital Advisers Pte. Ltd. since February 2011 and the non-Executive
Chairman of Far East Orchard Ltd. since April 2013. He served as Executive
Director of MediaRing Limited from February 2002 to August 2009; Chairman of DBS
Bank Ltd. from January 2006 to April 2010; Chairman of Singapore Airlines from
July 2001 to December 2005 and Chairman of Singapore Telecom from April 1992 to
August 2001. Mr. Koh spent fourteen years with Hewlett-Packard Company in its
Asia Pacific region. Mr. Koh possesses a strong mix
of leadership and operational experience from his various senior positions with
Sunningdale Tech, AAC Technologies, MediaRing Limited, DBS Bank, Singapore
Airlines and Singapore Telecom. In addition, Mr. Koh has deep experience in the
Asia Pacific region and brings that knowledge and perspective to the Board. Mr.
Koh has extensive experience with Agilent and its predecessor, Hewlett-Packard,
having served on the Agilent board for over 10 years and having spent 14 years
with Hewlett-Packard. MICHAEL R. MCMULLEN Age: 53 Agilent Committees: Public
  Directorships: Director Since: ● Slated to serve on None New
      Nominee Executive
      Committee Former Public Directorships Held
      During the Past Five Years: None Mr. McMullen has served as
President and Chief Operating Officer since September 2014 and will assume the
title of Chief Executive Officer effective as of March 18, 2015. From September
2009 to September 2014 he served as Senior Vice President, Agilent and
President, Chemical Analysis Group. From January 2002 to September 2009, he
served as our Vice President and General Manager of the Chemical Analysis
Solutions Unit of the Life Sciences and Chemical Analysis Group. Prior to
assuming this position, from March 1999 to December 2001, Mr. McMullen served as
Country Manager for Agilent’s China, Japan and Korea Life Sciences and Chemical
Analysis Group. Prior to this position, Mr. McMullen served as our Controller
for the Hewlett-Packard Company and Yokogawa Electric Joint Venture from July
1996 to March 1999. Mr. McMullen has broad and
deep experience with Agilent and its businesses having been an employee of
Agilent and its predecessor, Hewlett-Packard, for over 20 years. During the
course of his career, he has developed considerable expertise in, and in-depth
knowledge of, Agilent’s businesses, having seen them as an individual
contributor and at numerous levels of management. This perspective gives
valuable insight to the Agilent board. Agilent’s Board
recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the foregoing
nominees. 10 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Continuing Directors Not
Being Considered for Election at this Annual Meeting The Agilent directors whose
terms are not expiring this year are listed below. They will continue to serve
as directors for the remainder of their terms or such other date, in accordance
with Agilent’s Bylaws. Information regarding each of such directors is provided
below. Directors Whose Terms Will
Expire in 2016 PAUL N.
      CLARK Age: 67 Agilent
      Committees: Public
      Directorships: Director Since: May 2006 ● Audit and Finance ● Biolase,
      Inc. ● Nominating/Corporate Governance ● Keysight
      Technologies, Inc. Former Public
      Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: ● Amylin
      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ● Talecris
      Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp Mr. Clark has been a Strategic
Advisory Board member of Genstar Capital, LLC since August 2007 and was an
Operating Partner from August 2007 to January 2013. Genstar Capital LLC is a
middle market private equity firm that focuses on investments in selected
segments of life sciences and healthcare services, industrial technology,
business services and software. Prior to that, Mr. Clark was the Chief Executive
Officer and President of ICOS Corporation, a biotherapeutics company, from June
1999 to January 2007, and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of ICOS from
February 2000 to January 2007. From 1984 to December 1998, Mr. Clark worked in
various capacities for Abbott Laboratories, a health care products manufacturer,
retiring from Abbott Laboratories as Executive Vice President and a board
member. His previous experience included senior positions with Marion
Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company, and Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (now Novartis
Corporation), a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Clark has significant
experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, including his
experience serving in senior management positions with ICOS Corporation (where
he served as Chief Executive Officer and President), Abbott Laboratories, Marion
Laboratories and Sandoz Pharmaceuticals. In addition, Mr. Clark brings
considerable public company director experience and perspective on company
management and governance issues and practices. JAMES G.
      CULLEN Age: 72 Agilent
      Committees: Public
      Directorships: Director
      Since: ● Nominating/Corporate ● Johnson & Johnson April 2000 Governance (Chair) ● Prudential Financial, Inc. ● Executive (Chair) ● Neustar, Inc. ● Keysight Technologies, Inc. Former Public
      Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: None Mr. Cullen has served as
Non-Executive Chairman of our Board since March 2005. Mr. Cullen was President
and Chief Operating Officer of Bell Atlantic Corporation (now known as Verizon)
from 1997 to June 2000 and a member of the office of chairman from 1993 to June
2000. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Cullen was the President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Telecom Group of Bell Atlantic from 1995 to 1997. Prior
to the creation of Bell Atlantic on January 1, 1984, Mr. Cullen held management
positions with New Jersey Bell from 1966 to 1981 and AT&T from 1981 to
1983. 11 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Mr. Cullen has considerable
managerial and operational experience and expertise from his senior leadership
position with Bell Atlantic and its predecessors. In addition, Mr. Cullen brings
significant public company director experience and perspective on public company
management and governance. Mr. Cullen has a strong understanding of Agilent
having served on the board for over 10 years, including more than 5 years as the
non-executive chairman. TADATAKA YAMADA,
  M.D. Age: 69 Agilent Committees: Public
  Directorships: Director Since: ● Compensation ● Takeda
      Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. January 2011 ● Nominating/Corporate
      Governance Former Public Directorships Held
      During the Past Five Years: ● Covidien
      plc Dr. Yamada currently serves as
the Chief Medical and Scientific Officer of Takeda Pharmaceuticals International,
Inc., a research-based global pharmaceutical company. Dr. Yamada previously
served as President of the Global Health Program of the Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation from June 2006 to June 2011. From 2000 to 2006, Dr. Yamada was
Chairman of Research and Development for GlaxoSmithKline Inc. and prior to that,
he held research and development positions at SmithKline Beecham. Prior to
joining SmithKline Beecham, Dr. Yamada was Chairman of the Department of
Internal Medicine at the University of Michigan Medical School and
Physician-in-Chief of the University of Michigan Medical Center. Dr. Yamada brings to our Board
a unique perspective with his experience as the former President of the Global
Health Program of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation as well as his
significant research and development experience. Dr. Yamada’s extensive
pharmaceutical industry knowledge gives him an insight into a number of issues
facing Agilent that other directors might not possess. Directors Whose Terms Will
Expire in 2017 HEIDI FIELDS Age: 60 Agilent Committees: Public
  Directorships: Director Since: ● Audit
      and Finance (Chair) ● Financial
      Engines, Inc. February 2000 ● Nominating/Corporate
      Governance ● Halyard
      Health, Inc. Former Public Directorships Held
      During the Past Five Years: None Ms. Fields served as Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Blue Shield of California from
September 2003 through December 2012. She served as Executive Vice President and
the Chief Financial Officer of Gap, Inc. from 1999 to January 2003. Prior to
assuming that position, Ms. Fields served as the Chief Financial Officer of ITT
Industries, Inc. from 1995 to 1999. From 1979 to 1995, she held senior financial
management positions at General Motors Corporation, including Vice President and
Treasurer. Ms. Fields possesses
significant experience and experience in management and financial matters,
having served as the Chief Financial Officer of both public and private
companies, including at Blue Shield of California, Gap, Inc. and ITT Industries,
Inc. Ms. Fields is the chairperson of our Audit and Finance Committee and is
qualified as a financial expert under SEC guidelines. In addition, Ms. Fields
has considerable experience and expertise with Agilent having been a member of
Agilent’s board of directors for over 10 years. 12 Table of Contents ELECTION OF DIRECTORS A. BARRY
      RAND Age: 70 Agilent
      Committees: Public
      Directorships: Director
      Since: ● Compensation ● Campbell
      Soup Company November 2000 ● Nominating/Corporate
      Governance Former Public
      Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: None Mr. Rand served as the Chief
Executive Officer of AARP from April 2009 to August 2014. He served as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Equitant from February 2003 to April 2005 and as
Non-Executive Chairman of Aspect Communications from February 2003 to October
2005. Mr. Rand was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Avis Group
Holdings, Inc. from November 1999 to April 2001. Prior to joining Avis Group,
Mr. Rand was Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations, for Xerox
Corporation from 1992 to 1999. Mr. Rand is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of
Howard University and holds a MBA from Stanford University where he also was a
Stanford Sloan Executive Fellow. Mr. Rand also holds several honorary doctorate
degrees. Mr. Rand possesses a strong
mix of organizational and operational management skills having served as the
chairman and/or chief executive officer of numerous companies, including past
roles with Equitant, Avis Group Holdings, Aspect Communications and AARP. He
brings public company director experience and perspective from his membership on
the Campbell Soup board of directors and has considerable expertise with Agilent
having served as a director for over 10 years. GEORGE A. SCANGOS,
      Ph.D. Age: 66 Agilent
      Committees: Public
      Directorships: Director
      Since: ● Compensation ● Biogen
      Idec, Inc. September 2014 ● Nominating/Corporate
      Governance ● Exelixis,
      Inc. Former Public
      Directorships Held During the Past Five Years: ● Anadys
      Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Scangos has served as the
Chief Executive Officer and a director of Biogen Idec Inc. since July 2010. From
1996 to July 2010, Dr. Scangos served as the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Exelixis, Inc., a drug discovery and development company. From 1993
to 1996, Dr. Scangos served as President of Bayer Biotechnology, where he was
responsible for research, business development, process development,
manufacturing, engineering and quality assurance of Bayer’s biological products.
Before joining Bayer in 1987, Dr. Scangos was a Professor of Biology at Johns
Hopkins University for six years. Dr. Scangos served as non-executive Chairman
of Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 to July
2010 and was a director of the company from 2003 to July 2010. Dr. Scangos
served as the Chair of the California Healthcare Institute in 2010 and was a
member of the Board of the Global Alliance for TB Drug Development from 2006
until 2010. He is also a member of the National Board of Visitors of the
University of California, Davis School of Medicine and is currently an Adjunct
Professor of Biology at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Scangos has extensive
training as a scientist, significant knowledge and experience with respect to
the biotechnology, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries, and a comprehensive
leadership background resulting from service on various boards of directors and
as an executive in the pharmaceutical industry. 13 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance
Matters Agilent has had formal
corporate governance standards in place since the Company’s inception in 1999.
We have reviewed internally and with the Board the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the rules of the SEC and the
NYSE’s corporate governance listing standards regarding corporate governance
policies and processes and are in compliance with the rules and listing
standards. We have adopted charters for
our Compensation Committee, Audit and Finance Committee, Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee and Executive Committee consistent with the applicable
rules and standards. Our committee charters, Amended and Restated Corporate
Governance Standards and Standards of Business Conduct are located in the
Investor Relations section of our website and can be accessed by clicking on
“Governance Policies” in the “Corporate Governance” section of our web page at
www.investor.agilent.com. Board Leadership
Structure Agilent currently separates
the positions of chief executive officer and chairman of the Board. Since March
2005, Mr. Cullen, one of our independent directors, has served as our chairman
of the Board. The responsibilities of the chairman of the Board include: setting
the agenda for each Board meeting,
in consultation with the chief executive officer; chairing the meetings of
independent directors; and facilitating and conducting, with the Nominating/
Corporate Governance Committee, the annual self-assessments by the Board and
each standing committee of the Board, including periodic performance reviews of
individual directors. Separating the positions of
chief executive officer and chairman of the Board allows our chief executive
officer to focus on our day-today business, while allowing the chairman of the
Board to lead the Board in its fundamental role of providing advice to and
independent oversight of management. The Board believes that having an
independent director serve as chairman of the Board is the appropriate
leadership structure for Agilent at this time. However, our Corporate
Governance Standards permit the roles of the chairperson of the Board and the
chief executive officer to be filled by the same or different individuals. This
provides the Board with flexibility to determine whether the two roles should be
combined in the future based on Agilent’s needs and the Board’s assessment of
Agilent’s leadership from time to time. Our Corporate Governance Standards
provide that, in the event that the chairperson of the Board is also the chief
executive officer, the Board may consider the election of an independent Board
member as a lead independent director. In 2014, we amended the
Corporate Governance Standards to raise the mandatory retirement age for
directors from 72 to 75. The Board made the change in recognition of the
contribution that experienced directors, with knowledge of the Company, bring to
effective board oversight. Board’s Role in Risk
Oversight The Board executes its risk
management responsibility directly and through its committees. The Audit and
Finance Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing Agilent’s enterprise
risk management process. The Audit and Finance Committee receives updates and
discusses individual and overall risk areas during its meetings, including the
Company’s financial risk assessments, risk 14 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE management policies and major
financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and
control such exposures. The Compensation Committee oversees risks associated
with our compensation policies and practices with respect to both executive
compensation and compensation generally. The Compensation Committee
receives reports and discusses whether Agilent’s compensation policies and
practices create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the Company. The full Board is kept abreast
of its committees’ risk oversight and other activities via reports of the
committee chairpersons to the full Board during Board meetings. Majority Voting for
Directors Our Bylaws provide for
majority voting of directors regarding director elections. In an uncontested
election, any nominee for director shall be elected by the vote of a majority of
the votes cast with respect to the director. A “majority of the votes cast”
means that the number of shares voted “FOR” a director must exceed 50% of the
votes cast with respect to that director. The “votes cast” shall include votes
to withhold authority and exclude votes to “ABSTAIN” with respect to that
director’s election. If a director is not elected due to a failure to receive a
majority of the votes cast and his or her successor is not otherwise elected and
qualified, the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation following
certification of the stockholder vote. The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee will consider the resignation offer and recommend to the
Board whether to accept or reject it, or whether other action should be taken.
The Board will act on the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee’s
recommendation within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote.
Thereafter, the Board will promptly disclose their decision and the rationale
behind it in a press release to be disseminated in the same manner as Company
press releases typically are distributed. Any director who tenders his or her
resignation pursuant to this provision shall not participate in the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
recommendation or Board action regarding whether to accept the resignation
offer. Board
Communications Stockholders and other
interested parties may communicate with the Board and Agilent’s Non-Executive
Chairperson of the Board of Directors by filling out the form at “Contact
Chairman” under “Corporate Governance” at www.investor.agilent.com or by writing
to James G. Cullen, c/o Agilent Technologies, Inc., General Counsel, 5301
Stevens Creek Blvd., MS 1A-11, Santa Clara, California 95051. The General
Counsel will perform a legal review in the normal discharge of her duties to
ensure that communications forwarded to the Non-Executive Chairperson preserve
the integrity of the process. For example, items that are unrelated to the
duties and responsibilities of the Board such as spam, junk mail and mass
mailings, product complaints, personal employee complaints, product inquiries,
new product suggestions, resumes and other forms of job inquiries, surveys,
business solicitations or advertisements (the “Unrelated Items”) will not be
forwarded to the Non-Executive Chairperson. In addition, material that is unduly
hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will not be forwarded to
the Non-Executive Chairperson. Any communication that is
relevant to the conduct of Agilent’s business and is not forwarded will be
retained for one year (other than Unrelated Items) and made available to the
Non-Executive Chairperson and any other independent director on request. The
independent directors grant the General Counsel discretion to decide what
correspondence shall be shared with Agilent management and specifically instruct
that any personal employee complaints be forwarded to Agilent’s Human Resources
Department. Director
Independence Agilent adopted the following
standards for director independence in compliance with the NYSE corporate
governance listing standards: 1. No director qualifies as
“independent” unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no
material relationship with Agilent or any of its subsidiaries (either 15 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE directly, or as a partner,
stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Agilent).
Agilent or any of its subsidiaries must identify which directors are independent
and disclose the basis for that determination. In addition, a director is not
independent if: 2. The director is, or has
been within the last three years, an employee of Agilent or any of its
subsidiaries, or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last
three years, an executive officer of Agilent or any of its
subsidiaries. 3. The director has received,
or has an immediate family member who has received, during any twelvemonth
period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation
from Agilent or any of its subsidiaries, other than director and committee fees
and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided
such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service). 4. (A) The director is a
current partner or employee of a firm that is Agilent’s internal or external
auditor; (B) the director has an immediate family member who is a current
partner of such a firm; (C) the director has an immediate family member who is a
current employee of such a firm and personally works on Agilent’s audit; or (D)
the director or an immediate family member was within the last three years a
partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on Agilent’s or any of
its subsidiaries’ audit within that time. 5. The director or an
immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, employed as
an executive officer of another company where any of Agilent’s or any of its
subsidiaries’ current executive officers at the same time serves or served on
that company’s compensation committee. 6. The director is a current
employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a
company that has made payments to, or received payments from, Agilent or any of
its subsidiaries for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last
three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other
company’s consolidated gross revenues. The Board determined that Paul
N. Clark, James G. Cullen, Heidi Fields, Robert J. Herbold, Koh Boon Hwee,
George A. Scangos, Ph.D., A. Barry Rand and Tadataka Yamada, M.D. met the
aforementioned independence standards. William P. Sullivan did not meet the
aforementioned independence standards because he is Agilent’s current Chief
Executive Officer and an employee of Agilent and Michael R. McMullen, a board
nominee at the 2015 Annual Meeting also did not meet the aforementioned
independence standards as he is Agilent’s President and Chief Operating Officer
and will become Agilent’s Chief Executive Officer on March 18, 2015. Agilent’s non-employee
directors meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management. As
the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, James G. Cullen was chosen to preside
at executive sessions of the non-management directors. Compensation Committee
Member Independence Agilent has adopted standards
for compensation committee member independence in compliance with the NYSE
corporate governance listing standards. In affirmatively determining the
independence of any director who will serve on the compensation committee, the
board of directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to
determining whether such director has a relationship to Agilent or any of its
subsidiaries which is material to such director’s ability to be independent from
management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member,
including, but not limited to: (A) the source
      of compensation of such director, including any consulting, advisory or
      other compensatory fee paid by Agilent to such director; and (B) whether
      such director is affiliated with Agilent, a subsidiary of Agilent or an
      affiliate of a subsidiary of Agilent. 16 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS The Board has four standing
committees as set forth in the table below. Each director attended at least 75%
of the aggregate number of Board and applicable committee meetings held when the
director was serving on the Board. Director Board Audit
      and Finance Compensation Nominating/ Corporate Governance Executive Paul
      N. Clark ✓ ✓ ✓ James G. Cullen CHAIR CHAIR CHAIR Heidi Fields ✓ CHAIR ✓ Robert J. Herbold ✓ ✓ ✓ Koh
      Boon Hwee ✓ CHAIR ✓ George A. Scangos, Ph.D. (1) ✓ ✓ ✓ A.
      Barry Rand ✓ ✓ ✓ Tadataka Yamada, M.D. ✓ ✓ ✓ William P. Sullivan (2) ✓ ✓ No.
      of Meetings in FY2014 6 12 5 6 0 (1) Dr.
      Scangos joined our Board on September 17, 2014. (2) Mr.
      Sullivan will retire from the Board effective March 18,
  2015. Agilent encourages, but does
not require, its Board members to attend the annual meeting of stockholders.
Last year, all of our directors who were serving at such time, attended the
annual meeting of stockholders. Audit and Finance Committee The Audit and Finance
Committee is responsible for the oversight of the quality and integrity of
Agilent’s consolidated financial statements, its compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of its independent
registered public accounting firm, the performance of its internal audit
function and independent registered public accounting firm and other significant
financial matters. In discharging its duties, the Audit and Finance Committee is
expected to: ● have the
      sole authority to appoint, retain, compensate, oversee, evaluate and
      replace the independent
      registered public accounting firm; ● review and
      approve the scope of the annual internal and external
      audit; ● review and
      pre-approve the engagement of Agilent’s independent registered public
      accounting firm to perform
      audit and non-audit services and the related fees; ● meet
      independently with Agilent’s internal auditing staff, independent
      registered public accounting firm and senior
    management; ● review the
      adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal control over
      financial reporting and any significant changes in internal control over
      financial reporting; ● review
      Agilent’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures including
      “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
      of Operations” in the Company’s reports on Form 10-K or Form
      10-Q; ● establish
      and oversee procedures for (a) the receipt, retention and treatment of
      complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal
      accounting controls or auditing matters, and (b) the confidential
      anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns regarding
      questionable accounting or auditing matters; 17 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE ● review
      funding and investment policies, implementation of funding policies and
      investment performance of Agilent’s benefit plans; ● monitor
      compliance with Agilent’s Standards of Business Conduct;
      and ● review
      disclosures from Agilent’s independent registered public accounting firm
      required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
      Oversight Board regarding the independence of accountant’s communications
      with the audit committee. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee
reviews the performance of Agilent’s elected officers and other key employees
and determines, approves and reports to the Board on the elements of their
compensation, including total cash compensation and long-term equity based
incentives. In addition, the Compensation Committee: ● approves
      and monitors Agilent’s benefit plan offerings; ● supervises
      and oversees the administration of Agilent’s incentive compensation,
      variable pay and stock programs, including the impact of Agilent’s
      compensation programs and arrangements on Company
  risk; ● recommends
      to the Board the annual retainer fee as well as other compensation for
      non-employee directors; ● establishes comparator peer group and compensation targets based on
      this peer group for the Company’s named executive officers;
      and ● has sole
      authority to retain and terminate executive compensation
      consultants. For more information on the
responsibilities and activities of the Compensation Committee, including the
committee’s processes for determining executive compensation, see “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Executive
Compensation” and the Compensation Committee’s charter. The Compensation Committee
also helps determine compensation for non-employee directors. The process the
Compensation Committee undertakes for setting non-employee director compensation
is similar to that of setting executive officer compensation. The Compensation
Committee is aided by an independent consultant, currently Frederic W. Cook
& Co., Inc. (“F.W. Cook”), who is selected and retained by the Compensation
Committee. The role of the independent consultant is to measure and benchmark
our non-employee director compensation against a certain peer group of companies
with respect to appropriate compensation levels for positions comparable in the
market. The independent consultant recommends appropriate retainers, committee
chair retainers, grant values and stock ownership guidelines to the Compensation
Committee. This information is reviewed, discussed and finalized at a
Compensation Committee meeting and a recommendation is made to the full Board.
The full Board makes the final determination on non-employee director
compensation. Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee proposes a slate of directors for election by Agilent’s
stockholders at each annual meeting and recommends to the Board candidates to
fill any vacancies on the Board. It is also responsible for reviewing management
succession plans, recommending to the Board the appropriate Board size and
committee structure and developing and reviewing corporate governance principles
applicable to Agilent. 18 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended for
nomination by stockholders, provided that the recommendations are made in
accordance with the procedures described in the section entitled “General
Information About the Meeting” located at the end of this Proxy Statement.
Candidates recommended for nomination by stockholders that comply with these
procedures will receive the same consideration as other candidates recommended
by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. Agilent typically hires a
third party search firm to help identify and facilitate the screening and
interview process of candidates for director. To be considered by the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, a director nominee must have: ● a
      reputation for personal and professional integrity and ethics; ● executive
      or similar policy-making experience in relevant business or technology
      areas or national prominence in an academic, government or other relevant
      field; ● breadth of
      experience; ● soundness
      of judgment; ● the
      ability to make independent, analytical inquiries; ● the
      willingness and ability to devote the time required to perform Board
      activities adequately; ● the
      ability to represent the total corporate interests of Agilent;
      and ● the
      ability to represent the long-term interests of stockholders as a
      whole. In addition to these minimum
requirements, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will also consider
whether the candidate’s skills are complementary to the existing Board members’
skills; the diversity of the Board in factors such as age, experience in
technology, manufacturing, finance and marketing, international experience and
culture; and the Board’s needs for specific operational, management or other
expertise. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee from time to time
reviews the appropriate skills and characteristics required of board members,
including factors that it seeks in board members such as diversity of business
experience, viewpoints and, personal background, and diversity of skills in
technology, finance, marketing, international business, financial reporting and
other areas that are expected to contribute to an effective Board of Directors.
In evaluating potential candidates for the Board of Directors, the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee considers these factors in the light
of the specific needs of the Board of Directors at that time. The search firm
screens the candidates, does reference checks, prepares a biography for each
candidate for the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to review and helps
set up interviews. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and Agilent’s
Chief Executive Officer interview candidates that meet the criteria, and the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee selects candidates that best suit the
Board’s needs. We do not use a third party to evaluate current Board members. The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee also administers Agilent’s Related Person Transactions
Policy and Procedures. See “Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures”
for more information. Executive Committee The Executive Committee meets
or takes written action when the Board is not otherwise meeting. The Committee
has full authority to act on behalf of the Board, except that it cannot amend
Agilent’s Bylaws, recommend any action that requires the approval of the
stockholders, fill vacancies on the Board or any Board committee, fix director
compensation, amend or repeal any non-amendable or non-repealable resolution of
the Board, declare a distribution to the stockholders except at rates determined
by the Board, appoint other committees or take any action not permitted under
Delaware law to be delegated to a committee. 19 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The members of the
Compensation Committee are Koh Boon Hwee, A. Barry Rand, George A. Scangos,
Ph.D. and Tadataka Yamada, M.D. During the most recent fiscal year, no Agilent
executive officer served on the compensation committee (or equivalent), or the
board of directors, of another entity whose executive officer(s) served on
Agilent’s Compensation Committee. The members of the
Compensation Committee are considered independent under the Company’s Board of
Directors and Compensation Committee Independence Standards as set forth in the
Company’s Amended and Restated Corporate Governance Guidelines. RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS
POLICY AND PROCEDURES The Company’s Standards of
Business Conduct and Director Code of Ethics require that all employees and
directors avoid conflicts of interests that interfere with the performance of
their duties or the best interests of the Company. In addition, the Company has
adopted a written Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures (the
“Related Person Transactions Policy”) that prohibits any of the Company’s
executive officers, directors or any of their immediate family members from
entering into a transaction with the Company, except in accordance with the
policy. For purposes of the policy, a “related person transaction” includes any
transaction (within the meaning of Item 404(a) of the Securities and Exchange
Commission’s Regulation S-K) involving the Company and any related person that
would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of the Securities and
Exchange Commission’s Regulation S-K. Under our Related Person
Transactions Policy, the General Counsel must advise the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee of any related person transaction of which she becomes
aware. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee must then either approve or
reject the transaction in accordance with the terms of the policy. In the course
of making this determination, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
shall consider all relevant information available to it and, as appropriate,
must take into consideration the following: ● the size
      of the transaction and the amount payable to the related
      person; ● the nature
      of the interest of the related person in the
    transaction; ● whether
      the transaction may involve a conflict of interest;
  and ● whether
      the transaction involved the provision of goods or services to the Company
      that are available from unaffiliated third parties and, if so, whether the
      transaction is on terms and made under circumstances that are at least as
      favorable to the Company as would be available in comparable transactions
      with or involving unaffiliated third parties. Under the Related Person
Transactions Policy, Company management screens for any potential related person
transactions, primarily through the annual circulation of a Directors and
Officers Questionnaire (“D&O Questionnaire”) to each member of the Board of
Directors and each officer of the Company that is a reporting person under
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The D&O Questionnaire
contains questions intended to identify related persons and transactions between
the Company and related persons. If a related person transaction is identified,
such transaction is brought to the attention of the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee for its approval, ratification, revision, or rejection in
consideration of all of the relevant facts and circumstances. The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee must approve or ratify each related person transaction in
accordance with the policy. Absent this approval or ratification, no such
transaction may be entered into by the Company with any related person. 20 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE In March 2008, the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee amended the Related Person
Transactions Policy to provide for standing pre-approval of limited transactions
with related persons. Pre-approved transactions include: (a) Any
      transaction with another company at which a related person’s only
      relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer or an
      equivalent), director or beneficial owner of less than 10% of that
      company’s shares, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the
      greater of (i) $1,000,000, or (ii) 2 percent of that company’s total
      annual revenues. (b) Any
      charitable contribution, grant or endowment by the Company to a charitable
      organization, foundation or university at which a related person’s only
      relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer or an
      equivalent), a director or a trustee, if the aggregate amount involved
      does not exceed the lesser of $500,000, or 2 percent of the charitable
      organization’s total annual receipts. Agilent will disclose the
terms of related person transactions in its filings with the SEC to the extent
required. Transactions with Related
Persons We purchase services,
supplies, and equipment in the normal course of business from many suppliers and
sell or lease products and services to many customers. In some instances, these
transactions occur with companies with which members of our management or Board
of Directors have relationships as directors or executive officers. For
transactions entered into during fiscal year 2014, no related person had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. None of the fiscal year 2014
transactions exceeded or fell outside of the pre-approved thresholds set forth
in our Related Party Transaction Policy except for the transactions with Biogen
Idec Inc. (“Biogen”). George A. Scangos, Ph.D. is the Chief Executive Officer of
Biogen and joined our board in September 2014. The Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee reviewed, approved and ratified the transactions with
Biogen in accordance with the policy. The following list identifies
which of these companies purchased from Agilent, or sold to Agilent, more than
$120,000 in products and/or services in fiscal 2014. ● AAC
      Technologies Holdings Inc. (“AAC”) . Mr. Koh Boon Hwee is the Chairman
      of AAC. AAC, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent an aggregate of
      approximately $1.8 million of products and/or services. ● Avnet,
      Inc. (“Avnet”) . Mr. William P. Sullivan served as a director of Avnet
      until May 2014. Avnet, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent an
      aggregate of approximately $1.3 million of products and/or services and
      Agilent purchased from Avnet an aggregate of approximately $913,000 in
      products and/or services. ● Biogen
      Idec Inc. (“Biogen”) . Mr. George A. Scangos, Ph.D. is the Chief
      Executive Officer and a director of Biogen. Biogen, or its affiliates,
      purchased from Agilent an aggregate of approximately $2.7 million in
      products and/or services. ● Campbell Soup Company (“Campbell”) . Mr. A. Barry Rand is a
      director of Campbell. Campbell, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent
      an aggregate of approximately $208,000 of products and/or
      services. ● Catalent Pharma Solutions (“Catalent”) . Mr. Paul N. Clark
      served as a director of Catalent until September 2014. Catalent, or its
      affiliates, purchased from Agilent an aggregate of approximately $2.7
      million of products and/or services. 21 Table of Contents CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE ● Harlan
      Laboratories, Inc. (“Harlan”) . Mr. Paul N. Clark served as a director
      of Harlan until March 2014. Harlan, or its affiliates, purchased from
      Agilent an aggregate of approximately $627,000 of products and/or
      services. ● International Rectifier Corp. (“IRC”) . Mr. Didier Hirsch is
      a director of IRC. IRC, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent an
      aggregate of approximately $124,000 of products and/or
      services. ● Johns
      Hopkins University (“JHU”) . Mr. George A. Scangos, Ph.D. is an adjunct
      professor with the JHU Department of Biology. JHU, or its affiliates,
      purchased from Agilent an aggregate of approximately $5.9 million in
      products and/or services. ● Johnson
      & Johnson (“J&J”) . Mr. James G. Cullen is a director of
      J&J. J&J, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent an aggregate
      of approximately $12.4 million of products and/or
      services. ● Nanyang
      Technological University (“Nanyang”) . Mr. Koh Boon Hwee is the Chair
      of the Board of Trustees of Nanyang. Nanyang, or its affiliates, purchased
      from Agilent an aggregate of approximately $1.2 million of products and/or
      services. ● Takeda
      Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. and Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
      (collectively, “Takeda”) . Dr. Tadataka Yamada is a director of Takeda
      Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. and the Chief Medical and Scientific Officer of
      Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Takeda or its affiliates,
      purchased from Agilent an aggregate of approximately $2.0 million of
      products and/or services. ● URS
      Corporation (“URS”) . Mr. William P. Sullivan served as a director of
      URS until May 2014. URS, or its affiliates, purchased from Agilent an
      aggregate of approximately $184,000 of products and/or
  services. Agreements with Keysight On November 1, 2014, we
completed the spin-off of Keysight Technologies, Inc. (“Keysight”), our
electronic measurement business (the “Spin-off”). Following the Spin-off,
Agilent and Keysight have operated as separate publicly-traded companies and
neither entity has any ownership interest in the other. However, two of our
directors, James G. Cullen and Paul N. Clark, serve on the board of directors of
Keysight. In connection with the Spin-off, Agilent and Keysight entered into
various agreements, as described below. Effective as of November 1,
2014, Agilent and Keysight each operate separately as independent
publicly-traded companies. Agilent has entered into a separation and
distribution agreement with Keysight, which is referred to in this proxy
statement as the “separation agreement” or the “separation and distribution
agreement.” In connection with the Spin-off, Agilent also entered into various
other agreements to effect the Spin-off and provide a framework for its
relationship with Keysight after the Spin-off, including a services agreement, a
tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, an intellectual property
matters agreement, a trademark license agreement and a real estate matters
agreement (collectively, the “Agreements”). These Agreements provide for
the allocation between Agilent and Keysight of Agilent’s assets, employees,
liabilities and obligations (including its investments, property and employee
benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) attributable to periods prior
to, at and after Keysight’s separation from Agilent and govern certain
relationships between Keysight and Agilent after the Spin-off. The summaries of
the Agreements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of
the applicable Agreements, which have been filed as exhibits to Agilent’s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on
August 5, 2014. 22 Table of Contents RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
      PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PROPOSAL
      2 — RATIFICATION OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
      FIRM The Audit and Finance
Committee of the Board has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s
independent registered public accounting firm to audit its consolidated
financial statements for the 2015 fiscal year. During the 2014 fiscal year,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP served as Agilent’s independent registered public
accounting firm and also provided certain tax and other non-audit services.
Although Agilent is not required to seek stockholder approval of this
appointment, the Board believes it to be sound corporate governance to do so. If
the appointment is not ratified, the Audit and Finance Committee will
investigate the reasons for stockholder rejection and will reconsider the
appointment. Representatives of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are expected to attend the annual meeting where they
will be available to respond to questions and, if they desire, to make a
statement. Agilent’s Board
recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the Audit and Finance Committee’s
appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm. Fees Paid to
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP The following table sets forth
the aggregate fees charged to Agilent by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for audit
services rendered in connection with the audited consolidated financial
statements and reports for the 2014 and 2013 fiscal years and for other services
rendered during the 2014 and 2013 fiscal years to Agilent and its subsidiaries,
as well as all out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with these services: Fee
      Category: Fiscal 2014 %
      of Total Fiscal 2013 %
      of Total Audit Fees $ 7,791,000 76.8 $ 4,984,000 83.1 Audit-Related Fees 1,695,000 16.7 762,000 12.7 Tax
      Fees: Tax
      compliance/preparation 265,000 2.6 245,000 4.1 Other
      tax services 0 0 0 0 Total
      Tax Fees 265,000 2.2 245,000 4.1 All
      Other Fees 392,000 3.9 4,000 0.01 Total Fees $ 10,143,000 100 $ 5,995,000 100 Audit Fees: Consists of fees billed for professional services
rendered for the integrated audit of Agilent’s consolidated financial statements
and its internal control over financial reporting and review of the interim
condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports.
Fiscal 2014 and 2013 fees also consist of fees billed for services that are
normally provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection with statutory
reporting and regulatory filings or engagements, and attest services, except
those not required by statute or regulation. Fiscal 2014 audit fees reflect
additional fees of $2,800,000 for services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP in connection with the separation and spin-off of Keysight. Audit-Related
Fees: Consists of fees billed for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of Agilent’s consolidated financial statements and are not
reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include employee benefit plan
audits, accounting consultations in connection with acquisitions and
divestitures, attest services 23 Table of Contents RATIFICATION OF
      INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM that are not required by
statute or regulation, and consultations concerning financial accounting and
reporting standards. Fiscal 2014 audit related fees reflect additional fees of
$1,670,000 for services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection
with the separation and spin-off of Keysight. Tax Fees: Consists of fees billed for professional services
for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include
assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, tax audits
and appeals, customs and duties, mergers and acquisitions and international tax
planning. All Other
Fees: Consists of fees for all
other services other than those reported above. These services include a license
for specialized accounting research software. Agilent’s intent is to minimize
services in this category. The increase in this category for fiscal 2014
reflects additional fees of $388,000 for marketing consulting work provided by
BGT Partners, an affiliate of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. In making its recommendation
to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2015,
the Audit and Finance Committee has considered whether services other than audit
and audit-related services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are compatible
with maintaining the independence of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Policy on Audit and Finance
Committee Preapproval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit and Finance
Committee’s policy is to preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other
services. Preapproval is generally provided for up to one year and any
preapproval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and
is subject to a specific budget. The Audit and Finance Committee has delegated
its preapproval authority up to a specified maximum to the Chairperson of the
Audit and Finance Committee, Heidi Fields, who may preapprove all audit and
permissible non-audit services so long as her preapproval decisions are reported
to the Audit and Finance Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 24 Table of Contents AUDIT AND FINANCE
      COMMITTEE REPORT AUDIT AND FINANCE
      COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee
      Report does not constitute soliciting material, and shall not be deemed to
      be filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under
      the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the
      extent that the Company specifically incorporates the Audit Committee
      Report by reference therein. AUDIT AND FINANCE
      COMMITTEE REPORT During fiscal year 2014,
      the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board reviewed the quality and
      integrity of Agilent’s consolidated financial statements, the
      effectiveness of its system of internal control over financial reporting,
      its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications
      and independence of its independent registered public accounting firm, the
      performance of its internal audit function and independent registered
      public accounting firm and other significant financial matters. Each of
      the Audit and Finance Committee members satisfies the definition of
      independent director and is financially literate as established in the New
      York Stock Exchange Listing Standards. In accordance with section 407 of
      the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Board of Directors has identified
      Heidi Fields as the Audit and Finance Committee’s “Financial Expert.”
      Agilent operates with a November 1 to October 31 fiscal year. The Audit
      and Finance Committee met twelve times, including telephone meetings,
      during the 2014 fiscal year. The Audit and Finance
      Committee’s work is guided by a written charter that the Board has
      approved. The Audit and Finance Committee regularly reviews its charter to
      ensure that it is meeting all relevant audit committee policy requirements
      of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company
      Accounting Oversight Board and the New York Stock Exchange. You can access
      the latest Audit and Finance Committee charter by clicking on “Governance
      Policies” in the “Corporate Governance” section of the Web page at
      www.investor.agilent.com or by writing to us at Agilent Technologies,
      Inc., 5301 Stevens Creek Blvd., Santa Clara, California 95051, Attention:
      Investor Relations. The Audit and Finance
      Committee has reviewed and discussed with management and
      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Agilent’s independent registered public
      accounting firm, Agilent’s audited consolidated financial statements and
      Agilent’s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit and Finance
      Committee has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, during the 2014
      fiscal year, the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing
      Standards No. 61, as amended (Communication with Audit Committees) as
      adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule
      3200T. The Audit and Finance
      Committee has received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter
      from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP required by the applicable requirements of
      the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent
      accountant’s communications with the Audit and Finance Committee
      concerning independence, and has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
      its independence from Agilent. Based on the review and discussions noted
      above, the Audit and Finance Committee recommended to the Board that
      Agilent’s audited consolidated financial statements be included in
      Agilent’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31,
      2014, and be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
      Commission. Submitted by: Audit and Finance
      Committee Heidi Fields,
      Chairperson Paul N. Clark Robert J.
  Herbold 25 Table of Contents RE-APPROVAL AND
      AMENDMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED
      EMPLOYEES PROPOSAL 3
      — RE-APPROVAL AND AMENDMENT OF
      THE PERFORMANCE-BASED
      COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED
EMPLOYEES At the 2015 annual meeting,
Agilent is requesting that stockholders approve the Agilent Technologies, Inc.
Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered Employees (the “Performance
Plan”) which was amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board on November
19, 2014, subject to stockholder approval and will be effective commencing with
fiscal 2015. Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code requires that the
stockholders approve the material terms of the Performance Plan at least every
five years. The Performance Plan was most recently approved by our stockholders
at the 2010 annual meeting. As proposed for approval,
and with the exception of the ability to pay awards under the Performance Plan
in the form of cash and/or Agilent common stock, the Performance Plan is
substantially the same as the version approved by the stockholders in
2010. Purpose of the Request for
Approval The Board believes that a
well-designed incentive compensation plan is a significant factor in improving
operating and financial performance of Agilent, thereby enhancing stockholder
value. Important elements of such a plan include: ● pre-established goals and objectives for each
      performance period; ● objective, measurable factors bearing on
      reported financial results and other metrics as the basis for any payments
      made under the plan; and ● administrative oversight of the plan by the
      Compensation Committee. The Board also believes that
all amounts paid pursuant to such a plan should be deductible as a business
expense of Agilent. Code Section 162(m) limits the deductibility of bonuses paid
to Agilent’s CEO and certain other executive officers, unless the plan under
which they are paid meets specified criteria, including stockholder approval.
Code Section 162(m) generally does not allow a publicly-held corporation to
deduct from its U.S. federal taxable income compensation above $1,000,000 that
is paid in any taxable year to its chief executive officer or other named
executive officers (excluding its chief financial officer). Compensation above
$1,000,000 may be deducted if, among other things, it is payable upon the
attainment of performance goals whose material terms are approved by the
company’s stockholders. If the company’s compensation committee retains
discretion to select which performance goals will apply to a particular
performance period, Code Section 162(m) requires that the material terms of such
performance goals be reapproved by the company’s stockholders every five years.
For purposes of Code Section 162(m), the material terms include (a) the
employees eligible to receive compensation, (b) a description of the business
criteria on which the performance goal may be based, and (c) the maximum amount
of compensation that can be paid to an employee under the performance goal. Each
of these terms is discussed below. The Board believes the
amendment and continuation of the Performance Plan to be in the best interest of
stockholders and recommends its approval. If the Performance Plan is not
approved by Agilent’s stockholders, commencing with fiscal 2015, bonuses shall
no longer be paid officers and key employees of Agilent under the Performance
Plan. The complete text of the
Performance Plan, marked to show the proposed amendment, is attached to this
proxy statement as Annex A . The following description of the proposed
amended Performance Plan is a summary of certain provisions and is qualified in
its entirety by the reference to Annex A . 26 Table of Contents RE-APPROVAL AND
      AMENDMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED
      EMPLOYEES Summary of the
Performance-Based Compensation Plan, as amended General The purpose of the Performance
Plan is to motivate and reward eligible employees by making a portion of their
cash compensation dependent on the achievement of certain objective performance
goals related to the performance of Agilent and its affiliates. In accordance
with Agilent’s compensation policy that cash compensation should vary with
company performance, a substantial part of each executive’s total cash
compensation may be tied to Agilent’s performance by way of performance-based
bonuses under the Performance Plan. Because of the fact-based
nature of the performance-based compensation exception under Code Section 162(m)
and the limited availability of binding guidance thereunder, Agilent cannot
guarantee that the awards under the Performance Plan to covered employees will
qualify for exemption under Code Section 162(m). However, the intention of
Agilent and the Compensation Committee is to administer the Performance Plan in
compliance with Code Section 162(m) with respect to covered employees or
participants who may become covered employees. If any provision of the
Performance Plan does not comply with the requirements of Code Section 162(m),
then such provision will be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary
to conform to such requirements. Administration The Performance Plan will be
administered by the Compensation Committee, which will have the authority to
interpret the Performance Plan, to establish performance targets and to
establish the amounts of awards payable under the Performance Plan. Participation and
Eligibility Individuals eligible for
Performance Plan awards are officers and key employees of Agilent (as determined
by the Compensation Committee), which include Agilent’s covered employees
(within the meaning of Code Section 162(m)) and executive officers. Each
executive officer has an interest in Proposal No. 3. The number of key employees
who will participate in the Performance Plan and the amount of Performance Plan
awards are not presently determinable. Plan
Operation The Performance Plan provides
Agilent with a competitive bonus plan reflecting the more prevalent customs and
practices for bonus plans among its peer group. The payment of awards to each
participant is based on an individual bonus target for the performance period
set by the Compensation Committee in writing and related to the satisfaction of
the applicable performance goal(s) pre-established by the Compensation Committee
for such performance period. The performance goals available under the
Performance Plan are listed below: Performance Goals under the
      Performance-Based Compensation Plan I. Pre-tax income or after-tax income II. Income or earnings including operating income,
      earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or
      amortization III. Net
      income excluding amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and
      impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and/or excluding charges
      attributable to the adoption of new accounting pronouncements IV. Earnings or book value per share (basic or
      diluted) V. Return on assets (gross or net),
      return on investment, return on invested capital, or return on
      equity 27 Table of Contents RE-APPROVAL AND
      AMENDMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED
      EMPLOYEES Performance Goals under the
      Performance-Based Compensation Plan VI. Return on revenues VII. Cash
      flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on investment (discounted or
      otherwise), net cash provided by operations, or cash flow in excess of
      cost of capital VIII. Economic value created IX. Operating margin or profit margin X. Stock price or total stockholder
    return XI. Income or earnings from continuing
      operations XII. Capital expenditures, cost targets, reductions
      and savings and expense management XIII. Strategic business criteria,
      consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified market
      penetration or market share, geographic business expansion, objective
      customer satisfaction or information technology goals, and objective goals
      relating to divestitures, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and
      similar transactions Under the Performance Plan, a
performance goal is an objective formula or standard utilizing one or more of
the factors in the table above and any objectively verifiable adjustment(s)
thereto permitted and pre-established by the Compensation Committee in
accordance with Code Section 162(m). Under the Performance Plan,
the Compensation Committee has the flexibility to determine the duration of a
performance period as any period not exceeding 36 months. The performance
period(s)’ individual bonus target(s) and performance goal(s) will be adopted by
the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion with respect to each
performance period and must be adopted no later than the latest time permitted
by the Internal Revenue Code in order for bonus payments pursuant to the
Performance Plan to be deductible under Code Section 162(m). Additionally, the
Compensation Committee may establish different performance periods for different
participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping
performance periods. Payment of
Awards The Performance Plan will
allow the Compensation Committee to pay awards in either cash and/or Agilent
common stock issued from Agilent’s 2009 Stock Plan. The actual amount of future
bonus payments under the Performance Plan is not presently determinable.
However, the Performance Plan provides that the maximum amount of any awards
that can be paid under the Performance Plan to any participant with respect to
any 12-month performance cycle is $10,000,000. The $10,000,000 maximum award
with respect to any 12-month performance period is better aligned with current
competitive maximums of Agilent’s peer group and gives the Compensation
Committee greater flexibility to award incentives based on need pursuant to
prevalent practices by members of Agilent’s peer group and pursuant to potential
concurrent or overlapping performance periods. Further, the Compensation
Committee, in its sole discretion, may exercise negative discretion to reduce or
eliminate the amount of a participant’s bonus under the Performance Plan to an
amount below the amount otherwise payable pursuant to the Performance Plan
formula. The payment of an award for a
given performance period generally requires the participant to be employed by
Agilent as of the last day of the performance period. Prior to the payment of
any award under the Performance Plan, the Compensation Committee must make a
determination, certified in writing, that the conditions to payment for the
applicable performance period have been satisfied. The payment of awards under
the Performance Plan must be made in cash or Agilent common stock and occur
within a reasonable period of time after the end of the applicable performance
period. Payment 28 Table of Contents RE-APPROVAL AND
      AMENDMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED
      EMPLOYEES of an award under the
Performance Plan may also be deferred for payment at a future date under the
terms of the 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (see the “Non-Qualified Deferred
Compensation in Last Fiscal Year” table below). Federal Income Tax
Considerations All amounts paid pursuant to
the Performance Plan are taxable income to the employee when paid. Agilent will
be entitled to a federal income tax deduction for all amounts paid under the
Performance Plan if it is approved by stockholders and meets the other
requirements of Code Section 162(m). However, if the proposal is not approved by
stockholders and the Compensation Committee implements alternative methods of
paying bonuses in lieu of the Performance Plan beginning in fiscal 2015, the
future deductibility by Agilent of any such bonuses may be limited by Code
Section 162(m). Amendment and Term of
the Plan The Performance Plan will
first become available for performance periods beginning in fiscal 2015. The
Performance Plan does not have a fixed termination date and may be terminated by
the Compensation Committee at any time, provided that such termination will not
affect the payment of any award accrued prior to the time of termination. The
Compensation Committee may amend or suspend, and reinstate, the Performance Plan
at any time, provided that any such amendment or reinstatement shall be subject
to shareholder approval if required by Code Section 162(m), or any other
applicable laws, rules or regulations. Plan
Benefits All awards under the
Performance Plan to the Agilent officers named in the Summary Compensation Table
on page 55 and all current executive officer participants as a group during
fiscal 2015 will be based on Agilent’s actual performance during fiscal 2015 and
will be made at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Therefore, the
benefits and amounts that will be received or allocated under the Performance
Plan to Agilent’s executive officers during fiscal 2015 are not determinable at
this time. Cash bonuses paid to our named executive officers during fiscal 2014
are shown in this Proxy Statement in the Summary Compensation Table included in
the section entitled “Executive Compensation” below and discussed in more detail
in the section entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Short-Term Cash
Incentives” below. Bonuses under the Performance Plan are subject to the
Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy, which is described in the section
entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Compensation Philosophy”
below. Vote
Required The affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares of Agilent common stock present or represented by proxy
and voting at the annual meeting, together with the affirmative vote of a
majority of the required quorum, is required for approval of this proposal. If
you own shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must
instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record how to vote in order for
them to vote your shares so that your vote can be counted on this
proposal. Agilent’s Board
recommends a vote FOR the approval of the material terms of the performance
goals and related provisions under the Performance Plan for purposes of Code
Section 162(m) and of the amendment to the Performance Plan. 29 Table of Contents APPROVAL OF
      AMENDMENTS TO OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND
      BYLAWS TO DECLASSIFY THE BOARD PROPOSAL 4 — APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO
      OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS TO DECLASSIFY THE
      BOARD The Company’s Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Certificate”) and Amended and Restated
Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) currently provide that the Board will be classified into
three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with one class to be
elected by the stockholders each year. As part of the Company’s commitment to
effective governance practices, management and the Board undertook a review of
current corporate governance trends and considered the view held by many
institutional stockholders that transitioning to an annually elected board is
preferable to maintaining a classified board. After careful consideration the
Board has determined that it is appropriate to propose for stockholder
consideration amendments to our Certificate and Bylaws that, if adopted, would
eliminate the classified structure of our Board over a three-year
period. If this proposal is approved
by the requisite percentage of stockholders, the Company will transition to a
declassified structure under which current directors will serve out their
remaining terms prior to standing for election and the entire Board will stand
for election annually beginning in 2018. As part of the transition, at the
Annual Meetings of Stockholders in 2016 and 2017, each of the Class I and Class
II directors, respectively, will begin standing for annual election. The
proposed amendments will not affect the unexpired term of any director elected
prior to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2016. The proposed amendments to
Article VII of the Certificate and Article III of the Bylaws are attached hereto
as Annexes B and C , respectively. If the requisite percentage of
stockholders approve the amendments, the Company anticipates filing the amended
Certificate with the Delaware Secretary of State promptly following the Annual
Meeting. Additionally, the Bylaws will be amended and restated to reflect these
changes thereafter. Vote
Required The affirmative vote of the
holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding voting stock of the
Company is required for approval of this proposal. Agilent’s Board
recommends a vote FOR the approval of the proposed amendments to our Certificate and Bylaws to declassify the Board. 30 Table of Contents COMMON STOCK OF
      CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT COMMON STOCK OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth
information, as of December 31, 2014, concerning each person or group known by
Agilent, based on filings pursuant to Section 13(d) or (g) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), to own beneficially more
than 5% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock Name and Address of
      Beneficial Owner Amount and
      Nature Percent of
      Class T.
      Rowe Price Associates, Inc. 34,580,955 (1) 10.3 % 100
      E. Pratt Street Baltimore, MD 21202 BlackRock, Inc. 22,918,085 (2) 6.8 % 40
      East 52nd Street New York, NY 10022 (1) Based
      solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on
      November 10, 2014 by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. The Schedule 13G/A
      indicates that T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. has sole voting power with
      respect to 8,551,483 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to
      34,580,955 shares. These securities are owned by various individual and
      institutional investors including T. Rowe Price International Ltd. and T.
      Rowe Price Mutual Funds which T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. serves as an
      investment adviser with power to direct investments and/or sole power to
      vote the securities. For purposes of the reporting requirements of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. is deemed
      to be a beneficial owner of such securities; however, T. Rowe Price
      Associates, Inc. expressly disclaims that it is, in fact, the beneficial
      owner of such securities. (2) Based
      solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on
      January 29, 2015 by BlackRock, Inc. The Schedule 13G/A indicates that
      BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to 20,218,204 shares
      and sole dispositive power with respect to 22,918,085
  shares. The following table sets forth
information, as of December 31, 2014, concerning: ● the
      beneficial ownership of Agilent’s common stock by each director and each
      of the named executive officers included in the Summary Compensation Table
      herein; and ● the
      beneficial ownership of Agilent’s common stock by all directors and
      executive officers as a group. The number of shares
beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is
determined under the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules,
beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has the sole
or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the
individual has the right to acquire as of March 1, 2015, 60 days after December
31, 2014, through the exercise of any stock option or other right. Unless
otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power, or shares
such powers with his or her spouse, with respect to the shares set forth in the
following table. 31 Table of Contents COMMON STOCK OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
      AND MANAGEMENT Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares of Common Stock Deferred Stock (1) Total Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) Number of Shares Subject to Exercisable Options (3) Total Shares Beneficially Owned Plus Underlying
      Units William P. Sullivan 239,825 218,342 458,167 720,836 1,179,003 Paul N. Clark 764 77,836 78,600 37,973 (4) 116,573 James G. Cullen 16,767 (5) 70,727 87,494 41,049 128,543 Heidi Fields 17,861 50,889 68,750 41,049 109,799 Robert J. Herbold 41,449 (6) — 41,449 41,049 82,498 Didier Hirsch 4,620 (7) 91,975 96,595 286,213 382,808 Marie Oh Huber 38,506 — 38,506 169,667 208,173 Koh Boon Hwee 40,633 12,231 52,864 41,049 93,913 Michael R. McMullen 73,700 — 73,700 428,012 501,712 Ronald S. Nersesian 3,083 — 3,083 — 3,083 A. Barry Rand 19,388 53,316 72,704 41,049 113,753 George A. Scangos, Ph.D. 2,353 — 2,353 — 2,353 Tadataka Yamada, M.D. 8,175 15,405 23,580 — 23,580 All directors and executive
      officers as a group (19)
      persons (8) 548,502 597,123 1,145,625 2,033,718 3,179,343 (1) Represents
      the number of deferred shares or share equivalents held by Fidelity
      Management Trust Company under the Deferred Compensation Plan as to which
      voting or investment power exists. (2) Individual
      directors and executive officers as well as all directors and executive
      officers as a group beneficially own less than 1% of the 335,846,684
      shares of Common Stock outstanding, as of December 31, 2014. (3) “Exercisable Options” means options that may be exercised as of
      March 1, 2015. (4) Consists
      of vested options gifted to Mr. Clark’s Family LLC. (5) Includes
      3,000 shares held by Mr. Cullen’s Family Limited Partnership. (6) Includes
      38,949 shares held by Mr. Herbold’s Revocable Trust. (7) Includes
      100 shares held by Mr. Hirsch’s spouse. (8) Includes
      47,780 direct and indirect shares, and 185,772 exercisable options for a
      total of 233,552 shares held by executive officers not separately listed
      in this table. Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act, requires Agilent’s directors, executive officers and holders of more than
10% of Agilent common stock to file reports with the SEC regarding their
ownership and changes in ownership of Agilent stock. Agilent believes that
during the 2014 fiscal year, its executive officers, directors and holders of
10% or more of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing
requirements. In making these statements,
Agilent has relied upon examination of copies of Forms 3, 4 and 5 provided to
Agilent and the written representations of its directors and
officers. 32 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE
      DIRECTORS COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE
DIRECTORS Directors who are employed by
Agilent do not receive any compensation for their Board services. As a result,
Mr. Sullivan, an employee of Agilent, received no additional compensation for
his Board services. The general policy of the Board is that compensation for
non-employee directors should be a mix of cash and equity-based compensation
that is competitive with the compensation paid to non-employee directors within
Agilent’s peer group. The non-employee director’s compensation plan year begins
on March 1 of each year (the “Plan Year”). The table below sets forth the
annual retainer, equity grants and committee premiums for the non-employee
directors and the Non-Executive Chairman for the 2014 Plan Year: Summary of Non-Employee
Director Annual Compensation for the 2014 Plan Year Cash Retainer (1) Equity Grant (2) Committee Chair Premium (3) Audit Committee Member Premium (4) Non-employee director $90,000 $180,000 in value of a stock grant $15,000 $10,000 Non-Executive Chairman $245,000 $180,000 in value of a
      stock grant Not eligible $10,000 (1) Each
      non-employee director may elect to defer all or part of the cash
      compensation to the 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee
      Directors. Any deferred cash compensation is converted into shares of
      Agilent common stock. (2) The stock
      will be granted on the later of (i) March 1 or (ii) the first trading day
      after each Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The number of shares underlying
      the stock grant is determined by dividing $180,000 by the average fair
      market value of Agilent’s common stock over 20 consecutive trading days up
      to and including the day prior to the grant date. The stock grant vests
      immediately upon grant. Voluntary deferral is available as an option for
      the non-employee directors. (3) Non-employee directors (excluding the Non-Executive Chairman) who
      serve as the chairperson of a Board committee receive a “committee chair
      premium” of $15,000 in cash, paid at the beginning of each Plan
      Year. (4) Non-employee directors (including the Non-Executive Chairman) who
      serve as a member of the Audit and Finance Committee receive an additional
      $10,000 in cash, paid at the beginning of each Plan
  Year. A non-employee director who
joins the Board of Directors after the start of the Plan Year will have his or
her cash retainer, equity grant and committee chair premium pro-rated based upon
the remaining days in the Plan Year that the director will serve. In September 2014, the
Compensation Committee and the Board, based on the recommendation of the
Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, F.W. Cook,
concluded that the current non-employee director compensation is competitive
with Agilent’s peer group and would remain unchanged for the 2015 Plan
Year. 33 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE
      DIRECTORS Non-Employee Director
Compensation for Fiscal Year 2014 The table below sets forth
information regarding the compensation earned by each of Agilent’s non-employee
directors during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014: Non-Employee Director Compensation for Fiscal
      Year 2014 Name Cash Retainer ($) (1) Committee Fees ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2)
    (3) Total ($) Paul N. Clark $ 90,000 $ 10,000 (5) $180,000 $280,000 James G. Cullen (4) $ 245,000 $ — $180,000 $425,000 Heidi Fields $ 90,000 $ 25,000 (5) (6) $180,000 $295,000 Robert J. Herbold $ 90,000 $ 10,000 (5) $180,000 $280,000 Koh Boon Hwee $ 90,000 $ 15,000 (7) $180,000 $285,000 George A. Scangos, Ph.D. $ 15,123 $ — $  90,739 $105,862 A. Barry Rand $ 90,000 $ — $180,000 $270,000 Tadataka Yamada, M.D. $ 90,000 $ — $180,000 $270,000 (1) Reflects
      all cash compensation earned during fiscal year 2014, whether or not any
      of the cash compensation was deferred into Agilent common stock pursuant
      to the 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The
      number of shares of Agilent common stock received in lieu of cash is
      determined by dividing the dollar value of the deferred cash amount by the
      twenty (20) day average fair market value for the applicable deferral
      date. The aggregate number of shares of Agilent common stock deferred by
      each non-employee director is set forth in the footnotes to the Beneficial
      Ownership Table included in this proxy statement. (2) Reflects
      the aggregate grant date fair value for stock awards granted in fiscal
      year 2014 calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The
      assumptions used by the Company in calculating these amounts are included
      in Note 4 under the heading “Valuation Assumptions” of the Notes to the
      Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company’s 2014 Annual Report on
      Form 10-K. (3) A
      supplemental table following these footnotes sets forth: (i) the aggregate
      number of stock awards and option awards outstanding at fiscal year-end;
      (ii) the aggregate number of stock awards granted during fiscal year 2014;
      and (iii) the grant date fair market value of equity awards granted by
      Agilent during fiscal year 2014 to each of our non-employee
      directors. (4) Mr. Cullen
      has served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board since March 1,
      2005. (5) Ms. Fields
      and Messrs. Clark and Herbold served as members of the Audit and Finance
      Committee during fiscal year 2014. (6) Includes
      $15,000 paid to Ms. Fields for chairing the Audit and Finance Committee
      during fiscal year 2014. (7) Mr. Koh
      served as chair of the Compensation Committee during fiscal year
      2014. 34 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF NON-EMPLOYEE
      DIRECTORS Additional Information With
Respect to Director Equity Awards The following table provides
additional information on the outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end and
awards granted during fiscal year 2014 for non-employee directors. Name Stock
      Awards Outstanding at Fiscal Year-End (#) (1) Option
      Awards Outstanding at Fiscal Year-End (#) Stock Awards Granted During Fiscal Year
      2014 (#) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards Granted
      in Fiscal Year 2014 ($) (1) (2) Paul N. Clark — 27,746 3,158 $ 179,059 James G. Cullen — 29,993 3,158 $ 179,059 Heidi Fields — 29,993 3,158 $ 179,059 Robert J. Herbold — 29,993 3,158 $ 179,059 Koh Boon Hwee — 29,993 3,158 $ 179,059 George A. Scangos, Ph.D. — — 1,569 $ 93,988 A. Barry Rand — 29,993 3,158 $ 179,059 Tadataka Yamada, M.D. — — 3,158 $ 179,059 (1) Stock
      awards granted to non-employee directors vest immediately upon
      grant. (2) Reflects
      the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards granted in fiscal year
      2014, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
  718. Non-Employee Director
Reimbursement Practice for Fiscal Year 2014 Non-employee directors are
reimbursed for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses connected to Board
travel. Non-Employee Director Stock
Ownership Guidelines In 2005, the company adopted a
policy that requires each non-employee director to own Agilent shares having a
value of at least three times the annual cash retainer. In May 2010, the
Compensation Committee, based on the recommendation of the Committee’s
independent compensation consultant, F.W. Cook, amended the guidelines to
increase the alignment of the non-employee directors’ interest with stockholder
interests by requiring each non-employee director to own Agilent shares having a
value of at least six times an amount equal to $90,000 (for the 2014 Plan Year).
The shares counted toward the ownership guidelines include shares owned outright
and the shares of Agilent stock in the non-employee director’s deferred
compensation account. For recently appointed non-employee directors, these
ownership levels must be attained within five years from the date of their
initial election or appointment to the board of directors. As of September 2014,
all of our incumbent non-employee directors had achieved the recommended
ownership level except for Dr. Yamada who was appointed to the Board in January
2011 and has until January 2016 to meet the ownership requirements and Dr.
Scangos who was appointed to the Board in September 2014 and has until September
2019 to meet the ownership requirements. 35 Table of Contents ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE
      OFFICER COMPENSATION PROPOSAL
      5 — NON-BINDING
      ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF AGILENT’S NAMED EXECUTIVE
      OFFICERS The stockholders of Agilent
are entitled to cast an advisory vote at the Annual Meeting to approve the
compensation of the Company’s named executive officers, as disclosed in this
proxy statement. The stockholder vote is an advisory vote only and is not
binding on Agilent or its Board of Directors. The Company currently intends to
submit the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers annually,
consistent with the advisory vote of the stockholders at the Company’s 2011
Annual Meeting. Although the vote is
non-binding, the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors value your
opinions and will consider the outcome of the vote in establishing compensation
philosophy and making future compensation decisions. As described more fully in the
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and in “Executive Compensation” sections
of the proxy statement, the Company’s named executive officers, as identified on
page 38 are compensated in a manner consistent with our business strategy,
competitive practice, sound compensation governance principles, and stockholder
interests and concerns. Our compensation policies and decisions are focused on
pay-for-performance. 2014 Highlights ● Successful
      completion of the strategy to separate the Company to enhance shareholder
      value ● Strong
      fiscal year 2014 financial performance ● CEO pay
      increase aligned with strategic and financial
    performance ● Fiscal
      year 2014 NEO annual compensation targeted at market
      median ● Commencement of CEO succession plan ● Compensation governance and risk safeguards including waiver of the
      CEOs grandfathered change of control excise tax gross-up
  benefit Agilent also has several
compensation governance programs in place to manage compensation risk and align
Agilent’s executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests. These
programs include: ● a
      compensation recoupment policy; ● an
      independent compensation committee and compensation
      consultant; ● a hedging
      and insider trading policy; ● stock
      ownership guidelines; and ● an annual
      risk assessment. We are requesting your
non-binding vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive
officers as described in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and
“Executive Compensation” sections of the proxy statement. 36 Table of Contents ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE
      OFFICER COMPENSATION Vote
Required The affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares of Agilent common stock present or represented by proxy
and voting at the annual meeting, together with the affirmative vote of a
majority of the required quorum, is required for approval of this proposal. If
you own shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must
instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record how to vote in order for
them to vote your shares so that your vote can be counted on this
proposal. Agilent’s Board
recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of Agilent’s named
executive officers for fiscal 2014. 37 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
    ANALYSIS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS Introduction This section of the Proxy
Statement describes the compensation arrangements for our NEOs for fiscal year
2014, which were exclusively determined by our independent Compensation
Committee. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, our NEOs and their titles
were as follows: ● William P.
      Sullivan, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) ● Michael R.
      McMullen, President and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) (1) ● Didier
      Hirsch, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
      (“CFO”) ● Marie Oh
      Huber, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
      Secretary ● Ronald S.
      Nersesian, Executive Vice President, Agilent, President and Chief
      Executive Officer, Keysight Technologies, Inc. (“Keysight”) (2) ____________________ (1) Mr.
      McMullen was appointed President and COO on September 17, 2014 and named
      to succeed Mr. Sullivan as CEO as of March 18, 2015. (2) Mr.
      Nersesian was appointed as Executive Vice President, Agilent, and
      President and Chief Executive Officer, Keysight, effective September 18,
      2013. Keysight became an independent company on November 1,
  2014. In this Compensation
Discussion and Analysis, we first provide an executive summary. We next discuss
the Compensation Committee’s philosophy and process for determining the
compensation of our NEOs. We then summarize and analyze the Compensation
Committee’s specific decisions regarding fiscal year 2014 compensation for the
NEOs. Executive
Summary 2014 Highlights ● Successful
      completion of the strategy to separate the Company to enhance shareholder
      value ● Strong
      fiscal year 2014 financial performance ● CEO pay
      increase aligned with strategic and financial
    performance ● Fiscal
      year 2014 NEO annual total compensation targeted at market
      median ● Commencement of CEO succession plan ● Compensation governance and risk safeguards including waiver of the
      CEOs grandfathered change of control excise tax gross-up
  benefit Pay for
Performance-Agilent’s Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Performance and Executive
Compensation The year over year increase in
our CEO’s annual total direct compensation is consistent with our strong
financial results, our year over year increase in stock price and reflects our
strong commitment to pay for performance. The core of Agilent’s executive
compensation philosophy continues to be pay for performance, as discussed in
greater detail below. 38 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
    ANALYSIS The chart below demonstrates
how the historical compensation of our CEO compares to our absolute TSR during
the same period. Fiscal Year 2014, a Year of
Transition and the Effect of the Spin-Off of Keysight Technologies Fiscal year 2014 was a year of
transition and continued building of shareholder value for Agilent. On September
19, 2013, Agilent announced its plans to spin-off its electronic measurement
business into an independent publicly traded company, Keysight Technologies,
Inc. Shortly after this announcement, two of our former named executive
officers, Nicolas Roelofs, former Senior Vice President and President of our
Life Sciences Group and Lars Holmkvist, former Senior Vice President of Agilent
and President of our Life Sciences Group, left the company. To provide the
stability and leadership required to assemble Agilent’s and Keysight’s
respective executive teams and make the spin-off a success, as well in
recognition of the value of his almost ten years’ experience as a seasoned CEO
and the extraordinary demand being made on his time as the company embarked on
its year-long separation work, Mr. Sullivan was granted a one-time grant of
40,000 restricted stock units. On November 1, 2014, we successfully completed
the spin-off of Keysight into a separate publicly-traded company, and Agilent is
now focused solely on the life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets. In September 2014 following
the operational separation of Keysight from Agilent and as part of the Board’s
CEO succession plan, the Board accepted Mr. Sullivan’s notice of his retirement
from the position as CEO effective March 18, 2015. Another part of this plan was
the Board’s appointment of Michael R. McMullen as President and COO and the
announcement of the intention to appoint him as CEO upon Mr. Sullivan’s
retirement in March 2015. Mr. Sullivan also agreed to remain employed as a
senior advisor to the Board and Mr. McMullen for the remainder of fiscal year
2015. Concurrently with his appointment as President and COO, Mr. McMullen was
granted 18,444 performance stock units for his promotion and he received a
salary increase from $600,000 to $700,000. Mr. McMullen’s Fiscal Year
2015 Compensation Approach On November 19, 2014, the
Compensation Committee met to determine NEO annual compensation and Mr.
McMullen’s compensation for fiscal year 2015. No increase was made to either Mr.
McMullen’s base salary of $700,000 or his target award of 100% under the
Performance Based Compensation Plan. However, the Compensation Committee granted
to Mr. McMullen long-term incentive equity awards with a target value of
approximately $3,600,000, with approximately half of the target value in a stock
option award and half of the target value in performance stock units. The stock
option award vests 25% per year over four years, and the performance stock unit
award vests 100% at the conclusion of the three-year performance period. 39 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
    ANALYSIS The Compensation Committee
anticipates that effective upon Mr. McMullen’s promotion to CEO on March 18,
2015, it will consider increasing Mr. McMullen’s total compensation to around
the 25 th percentile of Agilent’s peer group. Mr. McMullen has entered into
the Company’s Tier II Change of Control Agreement and will enter into the
Company’s CEO Change of Agreement, neither of which includes excise tax gross-up
or single trigger provisions. Mr. Sullivan’s Fiscal Year
2015 Compensation Approach On November 19, 2014, the
Compensation Committee also met to determine Mr. Sullivan’s compensation for
fiscal year 2015. For fiscal year 2015, Mr. Sullivan will receive a base salary
of $630,000, a forty percent decrease from Mr. Sullivan’s base salary of
$1,050,000 in fiscal year 2014. Mr. Sullivan’s target award of 150% of fiscal
year 2015 base salary under the Performance Based Compensation Plan was not
changed from the previous year. Mr. Sullivan was granted long-term incentive
equity awards with a target value of approximately $5,100,000, with
approximately 60% of the target value in performance stock units and 40% of the
target value in a stock option award. This represented a decrease of fifty-one
percent from Mr. Sullivan’s long-term incentive equity awards having a target
value of $10,500,000 in fiscal year 2014, which had approximately 40% of its
target value in a stock option award and 40% of the target value in performance
stock units and 20% of the target value in restricted stock units. Mr. Sullivan
has also entered into the Company’s current CEO Change of Control Agreement,
which provides benefits if Mr. Sullivan’s termination as an employee occurs in
fiscal year 2015 in connection with a change in control. Mr. Sullivan’s
agreement no longer contains the grandfathered excise tax gross-up provision and
his severance benefits are based on his fiscal year 2015 base salary and target
bonus. Listening to Our
Shareholders and Say On Pay Our programs are well aligned
with the interests of our shareholders and are instrumental to achieving our
business strategy. In determining executive compensation for fiscal year 2014,
the Compensation Committee considered the overwhelming stockholder support (97%
approval of votes cast) that the “Say-on-Pay” proposal received at our March 20,
2013 annual meeting of stockholders. The Compensation Committee believes that
the shareholder vote confirms the philosophy and objective of linking our
executive compensation to our operating and strategic objectives and the
enhancement of shareholder value. We view this level of shareholder support as
an affirmation of our current pay practices for fiscal year 2014. The
Compensation Committee will continue to consider the outcome of the Company’s
say-on-pay votes when making future compensation decisions for the named
executive officers. Compensation
Governance As set forth above, the
primary focus of our compensation philosophy is to pay for performance. This
philosophy is executed with the following compensation governance
provisions: ● Stock
      ownership guidelines for officers and directors; ● An
      independent Compensation Committee; ● An
      independent Compensation Committee compensation consultant, Frederic W.
      Cook & Co., Inc. (“F.W. Cook”); ● Prohibitions on executive officers and directors engaging in
      hedging transactions or pledging our securities as collateral for
      loans; ● A
      compensation recoupment or clawback policy that applies to executive
      officers as described further below; 40 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ● An
      annual review and assessment of potential compensation-related risks,
      conducted independently for the Committee by F.W. Cook, which for fiscal
      year 2014 concluded that our compensation program (including all incentive
      and commission arrangements at all levels) does not encourage behaviors
      that would create material risk for Agilent; ● No
      single-trigger Change of Control benefits; ● Prohibition on repricing; and ● No
      dividends/dividend equivalents on unearned performance
  awards. Compensation Philosophy The main objectives of our
executive compensation program are to pay for performance while aligning
executives’ interests with shareholder interests. Our pay levels are reasonable
and competitive to attract and retain the best talent and structure pay to
support our business objectives with appropriate rewards for short-term
operating results and long-term shareholder value creation. Accordingly, we
structure our executive compensation program with three basic direct
elements: Base
Salary. Base salaries have
historically accounted for 20% or less of total compensation for our NEOs. This
element is intended to establish the minimum or base-line competitive
compensation level that sits beneath the variable compensation components. The
remaining 80% or more of our total compensation is performance-based as
described below. Short-Term Cash
Incentives. We use financial
metrics such as revenue growth and operating profit percentage, as well as
strategic objectives, to determine our short-term cash performance incentives.
The short-term incentives are used to provide a competitive element of total
direct compensation and to focus the efforts of our executives on critical
operating and strategic goals that are best measured within annual periods,
where there is downside risk for underperforming and upside reward for
success. Long-Term
Incentives. Our long-term
incentives consist of a combination of (1) stock options that vest over four
years and have a 10-year term and (2) performance shares that vest at the end of
a three-year period based on continued employment and our relative Total
Shareholder Return (“TSR”) versus peer companies. The purpose of the long-term
incentives is to provide a competitive element of total direct compensation,
enable employment retention, facilitate executive stock ownership, and reward
for multi-year shareholder value creation through the performance of our stock
as measured against (1) historical prices and (2) the shareholder return of our
peers. Our total compensation for
each NEO varies based on (i) company performance measured against external
metrics that correlate to long-term stockholder value, (ii) performance of the
business organizations against specific targets, and (iii) individual
performance. These three factors are considered in positioning salaries,
determining earned short-term incentives and determining long-term incentive
grant values. We also have the following policies and compensation risk
controls. 41 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Compensation Risk
Controls Recoupment
      Policy In July 2009, the
      Compensation Committee adopted an Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy
      that applies to all of our executive officers covered by Section 16 of the
      Securities Exchange Act. Under this Policy, in the event of (A) a material
      restatement of financial results (wherein results were incorrect at the
      time published due to mistake, fraud or other misconduct), or (B) fraud or
      misconduct by an executive officer, the Compensation Committee will, in
      the case of a restatement, review all short and long-term incentive
      compensation awards that were paid or awarded to executive officers for
      performance periods beginning after July 14, 2009 that occurred, in whole
      or in part, during the restatement period. In the case of fraud or
      misconduct, the Committee will consider actions to remedy the misconduct,
      prevent its recurrence, and impose discipline on the wrongdoers, in each
      case, as the Committee deems appropriate. These actions may
      include without limitation, to the extent permitted by governing law,
      requiring reimbursement of compensation, causing the cancellation of
      outstanding restricted stock or deferred stock awards, stock options, and
      other equity incentive awards, limiting future awards or compensation, and
      requiring the disgorgement of profits realized from the sale of Agilent
      stock to the extent such profit was, in part or in whole, resulting from
      fraud or misconduct. The Compensation Committee will amend the policy, as
      necessary, to comply with the final SEC rules regarding the recoupment
      policies of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
      Act. Hedging and Insider Trading Policy In 2010, our insider
      trading policy was updated to expressly bar ownership of financial
      instruments or participation in investment strategies that hedge the
      economic risk of owning Agilent stock. We also prohibit officers and
      directors from pledging Agilent securities as collateral for loans. In
      addition, we prohibit our officers, directors and employees from
      purchasing or selling Agilent securities while in possession of material,
      non-public information, or otherwise using such information for their
      personal benefit. Our executives and directors are permitted to enter into
      trading plans that are intended to comply with the requirements of Rule
      10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 so that they can prudently
      diversify their asset portfolios and exercise their stock options before
      their scheduled expiration dates. A Culture of
      Ownership Our stock ownership
      guidelines are designed to encourage our NEOs and other executive officers
      to achieve and maintain a significant equity stake in Agilent and more
      closely align their interests with those of our stockholders. The
      guidelines provide that the CEO should accumulate and hold, within five
      years from election to his or her position, an investment level in our
      stock equal to a multiple of six times his or her annual base salary. The
      guidelines further provide that the COO, CFO and other executive officers
      should accumulate and hold, within five years from appointment to their
      executive officer positions, an investment level in our stock equal to the
      lesser of either (1) a multiple of three times their annual base salary or
      (2) direct ownership of a certain level of shares of Agilent stock. The investment level as
      a multiple of annual base salary or direct ownership guidelines is set
      forth below: Level Investment Level
      = Multiple of Annual Base Salary Direct Ownership
      of Agilent Stock (# of Shares) CEO 6X N/A CFO/COO 3X 80,000 All other executive officers 3X 40,000 An annual review is
      conducted to assess compliance with the guidelines. By the end of fiscal
      year 2014, all of our NEOs had either met or were on track to reach their
      stock ownership guideline requirements within the applicable
      timeframe. Risk
      Assessment F.W. Cook conducts an
      annual review of Agilent’s compensation related risks. The risk assessment
      conducted during fiscal year 2014 confirmed that Agilent’s executive
      compensation program is well designed to encourage behaviors aligned with
      the long-term interests of shareholders. F.W. Cook also found an
      appropriate balance in fixed versus variable pay, cash and equity,
      corporate, business unit, and individual goals, financial and
      non-financial performance measures, and formulas and discretion. Finally,
      it was determined that there are appropriate policies in place to mitigate
      compensation-related risk, including stock ownership guidelines,
      insider-trading prohibitions, the Executive Compensation Recoupment
      Policy, and independent Compensation Committee oversight. 42 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Process for Determining
Compensation For fiscal year 2014, the
Compensation Committee retained F.W. Cook as its compensation consultant. F.W.
Cook performs no other work for Agilent, does not trade Agilent stock; has an
Independence Policy that is reviewed annually by F.W. Cook’s Board of Directors;
and proactively notifies the Compensation Committee chair of any potential or
perceived conflicts of interest. The Compensation Committee found no conflict of
interest with F.W. Cook during fiscal year 2014. To determine total
compensation for the upcoming fiscal year, the Compensation Committee considers
1) the performance of each individual executive for the last fiscal year, 2) the
most recent peer group data from F.W. Cook, and 3) our business and strategic
goals for the coming fiscal year. F.W. Cook presents and analyzes market data,
for benchmarking each individual position, and provides insight to market
practices for the Compensation Committee’s actions, but it does not make any
specific compensation recommendations on the individual NEOs. The Compensation
Committee determines the form and amount of compensation for all executive
officers after considering the market data and company, business unit and
individual performance. For fiscal year 2014, F.W. Cook advised the Compensation
Committee on a number of compensation matters, including but not limited
to: ● Criteria used to identify peer companies for
      executive compensation and performance metrics; ● Evaluation of our total direct compensation
      levels and mix for the NEOs and four other senior officers; ● Mix
      of long-term incentives, grant types and allocation of stock options and
      full value shares; ● Reviewing various other proposals presented to
      the Compensation Committee by management; and ● Guidance on CEO transition
  planning. The Compensation Committee
also reviews detailed tally sheets for the CEO and other NEOs. Tally sheets used
for 2014 included all elements of executive compensation listed in the section
under “Fiscal Year 2014 Compensation”, including potential compensation to our
NEOs in the event of a change of control. The Compensation Committee,
which is composed solely of independent members of the Board, operates under a
Board-approved charter that spells out the Committee’s major duties and
responsibilities. This charter is available on Agilent’s website at
http://www.investor.agilent.com/
phoenix.zhtml?c=103274&p=irol-govhighlights. Role of
Management The CEO and the Senior Vice
President, Human Resources consider the responsibilities, performance and
capabilities of each of the Company’s executive officers, including the NEOs,
other than the CEO, and what compensation package they believe will attract,
retain and motivate. The Senior Vice President, Human Resources does not provide
input on setting his own compensation. A comprehensive analysis is conducted
using a combination of the market data based on our peer group and survey data,
performance against targets, and overall performance assessment. This data and
analysis is used as the primary consideration to determine if an increase in
compensation is warranted and the amount and type of any increase for each of
the total compensation components for the then-current fiscal year. After
consulting with the Senior Vice President, Human Resources, the CEO makes
compensation recommendations, other than for his own compensation, to the
Compensation Committee at the first Compensation Committee meeting of the fiscal
year. 43 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Benchmarking NEO Compensation Peer
Group At the beginning of each
fiscal year, the Compensation Committee meets with F.W. Cook to review and
approve the peer group companies that satisfy our selection criteria. F.W. Cook
has been the Compensation Committee’s consultant for a number of years. The peer
group used for setting fiscal year 2013 NEO target compensation consisted of 29
product, capital market and labor market competitors with revenues between $1.8
billion and $18 billion or between 0.25x and 2.5x times Agilent’s revenue of
approximately $7 billion for fiscal year 2013. Using the same criteria as noted
above, the peer group used for setting fiscal year 2014 NEO target compensation,
as noted below, consists of 28 companies. The range of annual revenues for peer
group members was determined so that Agilent’s size measured in annual revenue
would be at the median of the peer group. The 28 companies are all in the
S&P 500 Information Technology, Health Care and Industrials Sector. A
comparison between the old and new comparator groups showed an insignificant
statistical impact on compensation levels between the two groups. F.W. Cook used
the compensation information reported in the public filings of our peer group
companies and survey data to make our comparisons and adjusted the data to
reflect the age of the reported information. We used this peer group data,
targeting the market median, to set each NEO’s compensation for FY14. FISCAL YEAR 2014 NEO
COMPENSATION PEER GROUP (1) Bard
      (C.R.) Harris Corporation PerkinElmer Stryker Baxter International Inc. JDS
      Uniphase Precision Castparts Textron Becton Dickinson Juniper Networks, Inc. Qualcomm, Inc. Thermo Fischer Scientific, Inc. Boston Scientific Corporation L-3
      Communications Rockwell Automation Tyco
      International Carefusion Life
      Technologies Corporation Rockwell Collins Inc. Varian Medical Systems Covidien PLC Medtronic Roper Industries Waters Danaher Motorola Solutions St
      Jude Medical Inc. Zimmer Holdings,
Inc. ____________________ (1) Cooper
      Industries no longer existed as a standalone company and was removed from
      the peer group in fiscal year 2014. In anticipation of the company
separation on November 1, 2014, the Compensation Committee and F.W. Cook
reviewed and approved the future peer group selection criteria for Agilent and
Keysight. For Agilent, the peer group to be used for setting fiscal year 2015
NEO compensation will consist of product, capital market and labor market
competitors in the S&P 500 Health Care Sector with revenues between $1.8
billion and $10 billion or between 0.25x and 2.5x times Agilent’s projected
revenue. Keysight’s new peer group will consist of product, capital market and
labor market competitors in the following Russell 3000 GICS sub-industries;
Communications Equipment, Computer Storage & Peripherals, Electrical
Components & Equipment, Electronic Components, Electronic Equipment &
Instruments, Electronic Manufacturing Services and Semiconductor Equipment; with
revenues between $1 billion and $9 billion or between 0.33x and 3x Keysight’s
projected revenue. 44 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The new peer groups identified
by each company’s new selection criteria will take effect for fiscal year 2015
when Agilent and Keysight are separate companies. However, the Compensation
Committee considered these future peer groups when making NEO compensation
decisions for fiscal year 2014. The Committee found that the new peer groups for
Agilent and Keysight had similar executive compensation philosophies and
programs, and that compensation for Agilent’s NEOs was in line with the peer
groups identified for each company following the separation on November 1, 2014.
For Agilent, this new peer group consisted of 30 companies in the S&P 500
Health Care sector listed in the table below. Actavis Celgene Intuitive Surgical St.
      Jude Medical Alexion Pharma Cerner Lab
      Corp of America Stryker Allergan DaVita HealthCare Life
      Technologies Varian Medical Systems Bard
      (C.R.) DENTSPLY Intl Mylan Waters Becton, Dickinson Edwards Lifesciences PerkinElmer Zimmer Holdings Biogen Idec Forest Labs Perrigo Zoetis Boston Scientific Gilead Sciences Quest Diagnostics CareFusion Hospira Regeneron Pharma For Keysight, the new peer
group consisted of 27 companies in the Russell 3000 Information Technology
sector listed below. This peer group was considered when determining pay for Mr.
Nersesian. AMETEK F5
      Networks Lam
      Research Rockwell Automation Amphenol Harris Molex Roper Industries Applied Materials Hubbell Motorola Solutions SanDisk Benchmark Electronics Itron National Instruments Sanmina Brocade Comms Sys JDS
      Uniphase NetApp Teradyne Ciena Juniper Networks Plexus Vishay Intertechnology Echostar KLA-Tencor Regal-Beloit Peer Group for the
Long-Term Performance Program The Compensation Committee
believes that an expanded peer group is more appropriate for determining
relative TSR under the Company’s Long-Term Performance (“LTP”) Program, as an
expanded peer group provides a broader index for comparison and better alignment
with shareholder investment choices. Therefore, the Compensation Committee uses
the companies in the S&P 500, Health Care, Materials and Industrials Sectors
Indexes (approximately 150 companies) for determining TSR under the LTP Program.
Awards issued in FY12 and FY13 were measured against the S&P 500 Health
Care, Industrials and Information Technologies Sectors. The S&P 500
constituent list is maintained by the S&P Index Committee, which is
available at www.standardandpoors.com/ indices/main/en/us. Any change in the
expanded peer group is due to Standard & Poor’s criteria for inclusion in
the index. CEO Compensation The Compensation Committee
establishes the CEO’s compensation based on a thorough review of the CEO’s
performance that includes: (i) an objective assessment against agreed-to metrics
set by the Compensation Committee; (ii) tally sheets, (iii) market data from
F.W. Cook, (iv) a self-evaluation by the CEO that the Compensation Committee
discusses with the independent directors; and (v) a qualitative evaluation of
the CEO’s performance that is developed by the independent directors, including
each member of the Compensation Committee, in executive session. The CEO’s total
direct compensation package is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee,
which then presents its recommendation to the other independent directors for
review and comment. The Compensation Committee then makes the final
determinations on compensation for the CEO. 45 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Fiscal Year 2014
Compensation For fiscal year 2014, we
targeted our NEO compensation in aggregate at the median of the peer group.
Compensation was set for each NEO based upon individual performance, experience
and time in position. The Compensation Committee believes the targeted
compensation is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate our executives as
well as to provide competitive rewards for job performance, skill set, prior
experience, time in the position and/or with Agilent, and superior achievement
in current business conditions. Our executives’ total
compensation packages reflect Agilent’s philosophy of aligning pay with
performance and rewarding top talent. Accordingly, long-term incentive awards,
which for fiscal year 2014 consisted primarily of stock options that vest 25%
per year for four years and performance-based stock awards that vest 100% at the
conclusion of a three-year performance period, represent the largest element of
pay for senior executives in order to encourage creation of lasting value for
our stockholders by directly tying executive compensation to our success and our
stockholders’ interests. For fiscal year 2014,
approximately 81% of our CEO’s and 53% of our NEOs’ total direct compensation
consisted of long-term incentives and is “at-risk”— which means that this
component varies year to year depending on Agilent’s stock price and TSR versus
our peers. CEO Average of other
      NEOs Base Salary Our salaries reflect the
responsibilities of each NEO, the competitive market for comparable
professionals in our industry, and are set to create an incentive for executives
to remain with Agilent. Base salaries and benefits packages are the fixed
components of our NEOs’ compensation and do not vary with company performance.
NEOs’ base salaries are set by considering benchmark market data as well as the
performance of each NEO. Our NEOs’ base salaries for
fiscal year 2014 were on average below the 50 th percentile of our
peer group. In November 2013, the Compensation Committee increased the base
salary for Mr. McMullen from $575,000 to $600,000 to compensate him
appropriately against his respective peers. Mr. McMullen received another salary
increase in September 2014 from $600,000 to $700,000 to reflect his promotion to
President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Nersesian’s salary increased from
$750,000 to $800,000 to reflect his role as CEO Designate for Keysight
Technologies. Short-Term Cash Incentives The Performance-Based
Compensation Plan applies to our NEOs and provides the opportunity for cash
awards every six months linked to specific six-month financial goals and annual
strategic goals for the overall company and the three major lines of business
for fiscal year 2014, EMG, CAG and LDG. Annual cash incentives are paid to
reward achievement of critical shorter-term operating, financial and strategic
measures and goals that are expected to contribute to shareholder value creation
over time. Financial goals for each six-month period are pre-established by the
Compensation Committee at the 46 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS beginning of the period, based
on recommendations from management. The financial goals are based on Agilent’s
fiscal year 2014 financial plan established by the Board of Directors. After the
Compensation Committee certifies the calculations of performance against the
goals for each period, payouts, if any, are made in cash. Metrics and goals
cannot be changed after they have been approved by the Compensation Committee.
The Performance-Based Compensation Plan reflects our pay-for-performance
philosophy and directly ties short-term incentives to short-term business
performance. Our NEOs’ target bonus amounts were on average slightly above the
50 th percentile. For fiscal year 2014, the awards under the
Performance-Based Compensation Plan were calculated by multiplying the
individual’s base salary for the performance period by the individual’s target
award percentage and the performance, determined as follows: H1 Financial Annual Salary / 2 X Individual Target Bonus (varies by
      individual) X Financial Portion of Target Bonus (50% to
      100%) X Attainment % (based on
      actual performance) Financial H2 FY Strategic Annual Salary X Individual Target Bonus (varies by
      individual) X Strategic Portion of Target Bonus (0% to 50%) X Attainment % (based on
  actual performance) The payouts under the
Performance-Based Compensation Plan for fiscal year 2014 are provided in the
table below and in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column in the
“Summary Compensation Table”. Annual FY14 First Half FY14 Second Half FY14 Strategic Objectives Actual Short-Term Target Actual Target Actual Target Actual Incentives Paid for Incentive Award Incentive Award Incentive Award the Fiscal Year Name ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) William P. Sullivan $590,625 $484,194 $590,625 $359,395 $393,750 $787,500 $1,631,089 Didier
    Hirsch $120,000 $98,376 $120,000 $73,020 $240,000 $462,000 $633,396 Marie
      Oh Huber $98,438 $80,699 $98,438 $59,899 $196,875 $354,375 $494,973 Michael R.
      McMullen $240,000 $217,534 $291,830 $249,643 $0 $0 $467,177 Ronald S. Nersesian $375,000 $260,888 $375,000 $156,263 $250,000 $500,000 $917,151 Target Award
Percentages Our Compensation Committee set
the monetary value of the fiscal year 2014 short-term incentive targets based on
a percent of base salary pre-established for each NEO. The Compensation
Committee also considered the relative responsibility of each NEO. Each NEO’s
short-term incentive target for fiscal year 2014 was set between 75% and 150% of
base salary (depending on his/her position), as follows: Fiscal Year 2014 Short-Term
Incentive Payout Table* Expressed as a
      % of base salary First Half
      FY14 Second Half
      FY14 Annual
      FY14 Strategic Objectives Total
      Target Short-Term Incentives for FY14 Name Target Award Actual Award Target Award Actual Award Target Award Actual Award Target Award Actual Award William P. Sullivan 56% 46% 56% 34% 38% 75% 150% 155% Didier Hirsch 20% 16% 20% 12% 40% 77% 80% 106% Marie Oh Huber 19% 15% 19% 11% 38% 68% 75% 94% Michael R. McMullen 40% 36% 48% 41% 0% 0% 88% 77% Ronald S. Nersesian 47% 33% 47% 20% 31% 63% 125% 115% ____________________ * Financial
      performance is measured and paid out each fiscal half; performance against
      strategic objectives is measured and paid out
  annually. 47 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Mr. Sullivan’s fiscal year
2014 bonus of $1,631,089 reflects our below target fiscal year 2014 financial
results and the successful spin-off of Keysight resulting in above target
performance for Mr. Sullivan’s strategic objective for the fiscal
year. Financial Target Metrics
and Fiscal Year 2014 Operational Results The Performance-Based
Compensation Plan financial target metrics were based on (1) Agilent’s Operating
Profit Percentage and Agilent’s revenue goals for Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Hirsch and
Ms. Huber and (2) the respective business unit’s Operating Profit Percentage and
revenue goals for Mr. McMullen and Mr. Nersesian. In addition, 30% of Mr.
McMullen’s target bonus for each of the first half and second half of fiscal
year 2014 was also subject to financial metrics and targets of the combined
Chemical Analysis and Life Sciences groups (“CAG/LDG”) so as to facilitate
co-operation between CAG and LDG. The Compensation Committee
chose those metrics because: ● Revenue
      places focus on our continued growth; and ● Operating
      Profit emphasizes innovation, profitability and efficiency in our core
      business operations. Operating Profit (segment
level) is a non-GAAP measure defined as revenue less the sum of cost of products
and services, research and development expense and selling, general and
administrative expenses. To determine earned awards, we
use payout matrices that link the metrics and reflect threshold-to-maximum
opportunities based on various achievement levels of the metrics. No awards are
paid unless the Operating Profit Percentage threshold is achieved. The maximum
award under the plan is capped at 200% of the target award. The target metrics
set for our short-term incentives and their corresponding results were as
follows: First Half
      FY14 Operating Profit
      % Revenue Threshold Target Max Results Achievement Target (Mil) Max (Mil) Results (Mil) Achievement Agilent 14% 19% 23% 18% Below Target $3,511 $3,863 $3,410 Below Target EMG 15% 19% 23% 18% Below Target $1,485 $1,633 $1,414 Below Target LDA 14% 19% 22% 18% Below Target $2,027 $2,229 $1,996 Below Target CAG* 18% 22% 26% 22% At Target $1,173 $1,290 $1,170 Below Target LDG 11% 16% 20% 15% Below Target $1,194 $1,313 $1,168 Below Target Second Half
      FY14 Operating Profit
      % Revenue Threshold Target Max Results Achievement Target (Mil) Max (Mil) Results (Mil) Achievement Agilent 18% 22% 25% 20% Below Target $3,709 $4,080 $3,571 Below Target EMG 19% 23% 26% 20% Below Target $1,596 $1,755 $1,519 Below Target LDA 16% 21% 24% 20% Below Target $2,113 $2,324 $2,052 Below Target CAG* 20% 24% 28% 24% At Target $1,214 $1,335 $1,205 Below Target LDG 14% 18% 22% 17% Below Target $1,253 $1,378 $1,204 Below Target Note: There are no
thresholds for Revenue metrics. ____________________ * CAG
      targets and results are based on CAG Divisions plus all CAG/LDG
      Consumables plus all CAG/LDG Services. 48 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Strategic Component and
Fiscal Year 2014 Results For fiscal year 2014, under
the Performance-Based Compensation Plan, we continued to utilize annual
strategic goals to align each NEO’s objectives with strategic company
priorities. In fiscal year 2014, each NEO except Mr. McMullen was measured on
the strategic objective of successfully completing the spin-off of Keysight
Technologies. Mr. McMullen was measured entirely on financial metrics to focus
his group on revenue growth and profit. Mr. Hirsch and Ms. Huber had additional
strategic objectives related to fiscal year 2014 expenses and fiscal year 2015
forecast. The strategic component is established within the time prescribed by
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and is determined on an annual
basis. The strategic component accounts for 25% to 50% of the total target bonus
for each NEO who was assigned strategic objectives. The maximum payout per NEO
for satisfaction of the strategic component is the lesser of (1) up to 200% of
strategic objective performance results or (2) 0.5% of non-GAAP pre-tax
earnings, and the Compensation Committee may exercise negative discretion to the
maximum payout to determine the strategic award percentage. Non-GAAP pre-tax earnings
is defined as earnings before income taxes that exclude primarily the impact of
integration costs, acquisition fair value adjustments, restructuring and asset
impairment charges, business acquisition and separation costs, non-cash
intangibles amortization as well as gains and losses from the sale of
investments and disposals of businesses. Long-Term Incentives –
Stock Options and Performance Stock Units For fiscal year 2014, the
Compensation Committee granted long-term incentives with target values for each
NEO that were on average just above the 50th percentile of our peer group. Stock
grant values were delivered as follows: ● Approximately half the value was in the form of stock options
      calculated using the Black-Scholes model and 20-day average closing price
      of our common stock prior to grant. The exercise price of the option was
      the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. These stock
      option grants vest 25% each year over four years. ● The
      remaining value of the long-term award is a performance stock unit award,
      delivered under the LTP Program, and determined by dividing the remaining
      value by the Monte-Carlo valuation factor. The resulting final stock
      payout award may range from 0 to 200% of the originally set target. These
      performance stock units vest 100% after the conclusion of the three-year
      performance period. Targeting approximately half
of the long-term incentive value in a stock option and half of the value in
performance stock units keeps focus on improving Agilent’s stock price and
Agilent’s stock price performance relative to its peers. The Compensation Committee
concluded that 2014 LTP Program awards were not appropriate for Mr. Nersesian
given the performance period would extend two years beyond the planned November
2014 separation date for Keysight Technologies. As such, Mr. Nersesian received
restricted stock units in lieu of performance stock units in 2014. These
restricted stock units vest 25% each year over the next four years. The target value of the
long-term incentive awards is determined at the beginning of the then-current
fiscal year for each NEO and is partially derived from the peer group data
provided by F.W. Cook. The target value also reflects the Compensation
Committee’s judgment on the relative role of each NEO’s position within Agilent,
as well as the performance of each NEO. In addition to their annual
long-term incentive awards, the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Sullivan and
Ms. Huber restricted stock units in the amounts of 40,000 shares and 5,000
shares, respectively. Mr. Sullivan’s award which vests 33% in the first year,
33% in the second year and 34% in the third year, was in recognition of the
value of his almost ten years’ experience as a seasoned CEO 49 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS and the extraordinary demand
being made on his time as the company embarked on its year-long separation work,
as well as to provide the stability and leadership required to assemble
Agilent’s and Keysight’s respective executive teams and make the spin-off a
success. Ms. Huber’s award, which vests 25% per year over 4 years, was in
recognition of her significant current and anticipated contributions for the
separation of Keysight. Number & Type of Award (1) Total Target Value Stock Options Performance Restricted of Long Term- Name (#) (1) Stock Units (#) Stock Units (#) Incentive Awards ($) William P. Sullivan 244,112 67,848 40,000 $10,500,000 Didier
    Hirsch 56,002 15,565 — $1,950,000 Marie
      Oh Huber 40,206 11,174 5,000 $1,650,000 Michael R.
      McMullen 53,130 33,210 (2) — $2,900,000 Ronald S. Nersesian 120,620 — 40,999 $4,200,000 ____________________ (1) Regular
      stock options, performance stock units and restricted stock units were
      granted on November 20, 2013. (2) Mr.
      McMullen received 14,766 performance stock units on November 20, 2013. He
      was granted an additional 18,444 performance stock units on September 17,
      2014 upon his promotion to President and COO. Performance Stock Units
Granted in Fiscal Year 2014 The performance stock units
granted in fiscal year 2014 will be measured and paid out based on relative TSR
versus all companies in the S&P 500 Health Care, Industrials and Materials
Sectors Indexes for fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2016. The company does
not establish an absolute TSR target as we believe performance is best measured
on a relative basis against our selected peer group. The performance schedule
determined by the Compensation Committee in fiscal year 2014 was as
follows: Payout as a % of Performance Target Below 25th Percentile Rank
(threshold) 0 % 25th
      Percentile Rank 25 % 50th Percentile Rank (target) 100 % 75th
      Percentile Rank and Above 200 % Performance stock units are
completely “at-risk” compensation because Agilent’s performance must be at or
above the 25th percentile in order for the individuals to receive a payout. The Compensation Committee has
established rolling three-year performance periods for determining earned awards
under our LTP Program and uses relative TSR as a single metric. This metric
aligns with shareholder interests as higher TSR results in higher potential
returns for shareholders as well as ensuring a correlation between performance
and payouts. As noted above, our short-term incentive program focuses on
Operating Profit Percent and Revenue and they drive internal business strategies
that in turn impact our TSR. For purposes of determining
the awards, relative TSR reflects (i) the aggregate change in the 20-day average
closing price of Agilent’s stock versus each of the companies in Agilent’s LTP
Program peer group, each as measured at the beginning and end of the three-year
performance period plus (ii) the value (if any) returned to shareholders in the
form of dividends or similar distributions, assumed to be reinvested quarterly
on a pre-tax basis. 50 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS Performance Stock Units
Earned in Fiscal Year 2014 The performance stock units
earned in fiscal year 2014 were based on relative TSR versus all companies in
the S&P 500 Information Technology, Health Care and Industrials Sectors
Indexes for fiscal year 2012 through fiscal year 2014. The performance schedule
determined by the Compensation Committee in fiscal year 2012 was as
follows: Payout as a % of Performance Target Below 25th Percentile Rank
(threshold) 0 % 25th
      Percentile Rank 25 % 50th
      Percentile Rank (target) 100 % 75th
      Percentile Rank and Above 200 % Agilent’s TSR performance
relative to peers and the payout percentages for the LTP Program for the past 5
years are set forth in the following table: Fiscal Year Agilent TSR Relative Rank to
      Peer Group Payout % 2012
      – 2014 39.7% 69.0% 2011
      – 2013 45.8% 87.0% 2010
      – 2012 46.9% 91.0% 2009
      – 2011 54.9% 120.0% 2008
      – 2010 59.6% 138.0% The table below sets forth the
targeted number of units for the performance period covering fiscal year 2012
through fiscal year 2014 and the shares earned at 69% of target and the cash
value of the shares based on the closing price of Agilent’s common stock on
November 19, 2014. On November 19, 2014, the Compensation Committee certified
the TSR results and approved the payout at 69% for the performance period
concluded on October 31, 2014. The payout of these awards was made in November
2014. Fiscal Year 2012 - 2014 LTP
Program Payout Table Target Award
(Shares) Target Awards After Adjustment/ Payout at 69% Cash Value of (Shares) Conversion (1) (Shares) Payout at 69%
      ($) (2) William P. Sullivan 77,828 106,520 73,498 $2,998,718 Didier Hirsch 17,960 24,581 16,960 $691,968 Marie Oh Huber 11,973 16,387 11,306 $461,285 Michael R. McMullen 17,712 24,242 16,726 $682,421 Ronald S. Nersesian 29,934 53,726 37,070 $1,149,170 (3) ____________________ (1) The target
      awards were adjusted following the spin-off of Keysight to retain the
      original target value. Mr. Nersesian’s target shares were converted to
      Keysight shares and his award was paid out by Keysight in November 2014.
      Shares are rounded for display purposes but carried out to three decimal
      places for final award calculation. (2) Reflects
      the fair market value of the shares based on the closing stock price of
      Agilent’s common stock on November 19, 2014. (3) Reflects
      the fair market value of the shares based on the closing stock price of
      Keysight’s common stock on November 18, 2014. 51 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS Equity Grant
Practices The Compensation Committee
generally makes grants of stock awards to our NEOs at the first Compensation
Committee meeting of our fiscal year. Awards are neither timed to relate to the
price of Agilent’s stock nor to correspond with the release of material
non-public information, although grants are generally made when Agilent’s
trading window is open. Grants to current employees are generally effective on
the date of the Compensation Committee meeting approving such grants. Grants to
new employees, including potential NEOs, are typically made at the next
regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting following the employee’s
start date. The standard vesting schedule for our Equity grants is shown in the
table below. Equity Vehicle Standard Vesting Schedule Stock Options 25%
      each year over four years Performance Stock Units 100%
      after the third year Restricted Stock Units 25%
      each year over four years If an NEO dies or is fully
disabled, his or her unvested stock options or stock awards fully vest. In
addition, when an NEO retires from Agilent, his or her stock options and stock
awards continue to vest and any performance stock units are earned based on the
satisfaction of performance metrics. Currently, only Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Hirsch
are entitled to retirement vesting. Finally, stock options and stock awards vest
on a “double-trigger” basis in connection with a change in control as described
below. Benefits Agilent’s global benefits
philosophy is to provide NEOs with protection and security through health and
welfare, retirement, disability insurance and life insurance programs. During
fiscal year 2014, the CEO and other NEOs were eligible to receive the same
benefits that are generally available to other Agilent employees. In addition to the
company-wide benefits, Agilent’s NEOs have company-paid financial counseling
through a third party service to assist with their personal finances. We believe
that providing this service gives our NEOs a better understanding of their pay
and benefits, allowing them to concentrate on Agilent’s future success. NEOs are
also provided executive physical examinations, for which we cover the costs that
are not otherwise covered under each NEO’s chosen health plan. We believe that
the executive physical is a prudent measure to help ensure the health of our
executives. Both the financial counseling and the executive physicals are
benefits generally provided by our peer companies and are available at a
reasonable group cost to Agilent. Generally, it is our
Compensation Committee’s philosophy to not provide perquisites to our NEOs
except in limited circumstances. For example, in fiscal year 2014, there were no
special perquisites for our NEOs except for financial counseling, the executive
physicals mentioned above, the occasional use by executive officers of company
drivers to transport them and their family members to the airport for personal
travel and some relocation expenses for Mr. McMullen. Deferred
Compensation Our NEOs are eligible to
voluntarily defer base salary, short-term incentives in the form of awards under
the Performance-Based Compensation Plan and long-term incentives in the form of
stock awards under the LTP Program. The deferrals are made through our 2005
Deferred Compensation Plan. This is a common benefit arrangement offered by our
peer companies. 52 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS Payouts are distributed to
eligible participants in January of the year following termination of
employment, if termination occurs during the first six months of the calendar
year. Otherwise, payouts are distributed to eligible participants in July of the
year following termination. No early distributions or withdrawals are allowed.
If an election is made to defer performance shares earned under the LTP Program,
shares are deferred in the form of Agilent common stock only. At the end of the
deferral period, the LTP Program shares are simply released to the
executive. These benefits and an
additional description of plan features are set forth in the section entitled
“Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation in Last Fiscal Year” below and the
narrative descriptions accompanying this section. Pension
Plans We provide a pension plan, the
Agilent Technologies, Inc. Retirement Plan (“Retirement Plan”), to our current
NEOs, as well as other eligible Agilent employees, who were hired before
November 1, 2014 for long-term employment retention and to support our
career-employment strategy, as well as to provide employee retirement savings.
In addition, we provide the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Supplemental Benefit
Retirement Plan (the “Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan”) to our NEOs and
other eligible Agilent employees who were hired before November 1, 2014. The
Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan is an unfunded, non-qualified pension plan
which pays amounts upon retirement that would be due under the regular
Retirement Plan benefit formula, but are limited under the tax-qualified
Retirement Plan by the Internal Revenue Code. Both the Retirement Plan and the
Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan were closed to new entrants effective
November 1, 2014. Additionally, we provide the
Agilent Technologies, Inc. Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan (the “Deferred
Profit-Sharing Plan”) that provides certain amounts to our NEOs and other
Agilent employees who provided services to our predecessor company,
Hewlett-Packard Company (“Hewlett-Packard”), prior to November 1, 1993. None of
these plans provide any credit of benefits prior to the date of hire or where
there is a break in service. Retirement benefits are set
forth in the table entitled “Pension Benefits” on page 60 and the narrative
descriptions accompanying this table. Policy Regarding
Compensation in Excess of $1 Million a Year Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code generally disallows a tax deduction for compensation in excess of
$1 million paid to our CEO, CFO and the three other most highly compensated NEOs
employed at the end of the year. Certain compensation is specifically exempt
from the deduction limit to the extent that it is “performance based” as defined
in Section 162(m) of the Code. Our Compensation Committee
considers the impact of Section 162(m) in setting and determining executive
compensation because it is concerned with the net cost of executive compensation
to Agilent (i.e., taking into account the tax treatment of the compensation),
and its ability to effectively administer executive compensation in the
long-term interests of stockholders. For fiscal year 2014, stock
options, short-term cash incentives and long-term performance stock units are
intended to comply with the exception for performance-based compensation under
Section 162(m). Of course, in order to maintain flexibility in rewarding
individual performance and contributions, the Compensation Committee will not
limit all the amounts paid under all of Agilent’s compensation programs to just
those that qualify for tax deductibility. Agilent cannot guarantee that
compensation that is intended to comply with the performance-based compensation
exception under Section 162(m) of the Code will in fact so qualify. 53 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS Termination and Change of
Control Consistent with the practice
of many of our peers, the Compensation Committee adopted change-of-control
agreements designed to provide protection to the NEOs so they are not distracted
by their personal, professional and financial situations at a time when Agilent
needs them to remain focused on their responsibilities, Agilent’s best interests
and those of all its stockholders. These agreements provide for a
“double-trigger” payout only in the event of a change in control and the
executive officer is either terminated from his-or-her position or moved into a
position that represents a substantial change in responsibilities within a
limited period of time after the transaction (these agreements do not become
operative unless both events occur). We have eliminated excise tax
gross-ups for officers entering into newly executed change-of-control agreements
after July 14, 2009. Only one officer that had such protection under an ongoing
agreement will continue to have this benefit as long as the existing agreement
remains in effect without material amendment. Meanwhile, our current CEO, Mr.
Sullivan, has relinquished the tax gross-up in his new change-of-control
agreement and Mr. McMullen, our future CEO, does not have tax gross-up in his
current change-of-control agreement, nor will he when he becomes CEO. Potential
payments to our NEOs in the event of a change of control under our existing
agreements are reported in the “Termination and Change of Control Table.” In addition, we have a
Workforce Management Program in place that is applicable to all Agilent
employees, including NEOs. Employment security is tied to competitive realities
as well as individual results and performance, but from time to time, business
circumstances could dictate the need for Agilent to reduce its workforce. The
Workforce Management Program is intended to assist employees affected by
restructuring by providing transition income in the form of severance benefits. 54 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation
Table Agilent’s NEOs for fiscal 2014
include Agilent’s (i) President and Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, and (iii) the other three most highly
compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end
of fiscal 2014. Summary Compensation
      Table Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Non-Equity Deferred Stock Option Incentive
      Plan Compensation All
    other Name
and Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Principal Position Year ($) ($) (1) ($) (2)(3) ($) (2)(3) ($) (4) ($) (5) ($) (6) Total ($) William P. Sullivan 2014 $1,050,000 $0 $6,632,830 $4,569,033 $1,631,089 $0 $31,781 $13,914,733 Chief Executive 2013 $1,045,000 $0 $3,789,936 $4,141,200 $1,228,875 $0 $30,661 $10,235,672 Officer 2012 $990,000 $0 $3,859,183 $4,007,791 $1,247,808 $0 $30,935 $10,135,717 Didier Hirsch 2014 $600,000 $0 $1,044,826 $1,048,187 $633,396 $111,158 $16,275 $3,453,842 Senior Vice President, 2013 $597,917 $0 $869,456 $950,040 $382,152 $110,862 $21,701 $2,932,127 Chief Financial Officer 2012 $570,834 $0 $890,565 $924,873 $471,167 $105,788 $16,041 $2,979,268 Marie Oh Huber (7) 2014 $525,000 $0 $1,007,380 $752,534 $494,973 $96,907 $28,914 $2,905,708 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
      Secretary Michael R. McMullen 2014 $606,250 $0 $2,332,309 $994,432 $467,177 $91,716 $39,056 $4,530,940 President and Chief 2013 $575,000 $0 $802,571 $876,960 $465,704 $106,498 $30,108 $2,856,840 Operating Officer 2012 $570,834 $0 $1,771,329 $873,485 $443,812 $105,787 $31,030 $3,796,277 Ronald S. Nersesian 2014 $795,833 $0 $2,109,864 $2,257,639 $917,151 $148,366 $30,998 $6,259,851 Executive Vice 2013 $741,667 $0 $1,560,567 $1,705,200 $585,178 $138,164 $27,914 $4,758,690 President and Keysight 2012 $641,667 $0 $1,484,309 $1,541,459 $518,870 $119,247 $26,917 $4,332,469 President and Chief Executive Officer ____________________ (1) None of
      the executive officers received any service awards or cash bonuses for
      fiscal years 2014, 2013 or 2012, other than provided in the Non-Equity
      Incentive Compensation Plan. (2) Reflects
      the aggregate grant date fair values, computed in accordance with
      Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification,
      Topic 718, Stock Compensation (“FASB ASC Topic 718”). The assumptions used
      in calculating the expense are provided in additional detail in the tables
      below. (3) The
      expenses listed in these columns include expenses for stock awards and
      options awarded in accordance with the LTP Program and 2009 Stock Plan, as
      shown in the table below. The threshold and maximum amounts for
      performance shares granted under the LTP program can be found in the
      Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2014 below. (4) Amounts
      consist of incentive awards earned by the NEOs during the fiscal year
      under the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
    Employees. (5) Amounts
      represent the change in pension value for the following Agilent sponsored
      pension plans: Agilent Technologies, Inc. Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan,
      Agilent Technologies, Inc. Retirement Plan and Agilent Technologies, Inc.
      Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan. (6) Amounts
      reflect (i) employer contributions of $10,400 to Messrs. Sullivan, Hirsch,
      and Ms. Huber, $10,000 for Mr. McMullen and $12,667 for Mr. Nersesian for
      the Agilent Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Plan in fiscal year 2014, and , (ii)
      $20,305 for Mr. Sullivan, $16,455 for Ms. Huber, $15,010 for Mr. McMullen
      and $17,099 for Mr. Nersesian for services incurred from The Ayco Company,
      LP, the provider designated by Agilent to provide financial counseling
      services to our NEOs, and $4,387 for Mr. Hirsch, and $5,117 for Mr.
      McMullen for services incurred by KPMG, LLC, a tax provider designated by
      Agilent to provide tax preparation services for certain NEOs, (iii) travel
      expenses of $427 for Mr. Sullivan, $664 for Mr. Hirsch,
  $759 55 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION for Ms. Huber, $1,043
      for Mr. McMullen and $332 for Mr. Nersesian for use of Agilent drivers and
      vehicles for personal travel, (iv) $649 for Mr. Sullivan, $824 for Mr.
      Hirsch, $1,300 for Ms. Huber, $1,300 for Mr. McMullen and $900 for Mr.
      Nersesian, for employer contribution to a health savings account and (v)
      $6,586 for Mr. McMullen for relocation expenses. (7) Ms. Huber
      was not a named executive officer in the Company’s 2013 and 2014 Proxy
      Statements. Therefore, this table does not provide fiscal 2012 and fiscal
      2013 compensation data for Ms. Huber. The following table itemizes
the full grant date fair value of equity grants made during the 2012, 2013 and
2014 fiscal years in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 for the “Stock Awards”
and “Option Awards” columns of the “Summary Compensation” table. Long-term Incentive Awards Long Term Performance
    Program Total Expense Total Expense Total Expense for FY14 Grants for FY14 Grants for FY14 Grants Restricted Restricted Restricted Stock Stock Stock Stock Option Unit Stock Option Unit Stock Option Unit Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards William P. Sullivan $4,554,407 $4,569,033 $2,078,423 $3,789,936 $4,141,200 — $3,859,183 $4,007,791 — Didier
    Hirsch $1,044,826 $1,048,187 — $869,456 $950,040 — $890,565 $924,873 — Marie
      Oh Huber $750,073 $752,534 $257,307 — — — — — — Michael R.
      McMullen $2,332,309 $994,432 — $802,571 $876,960 — $841,079 $873,485 $930,250 Ronald S. Nersesian — $2,257,639 $2,109,864 $1,560,567 $1,705,200 — $1,484,309 $1,541,459 — FASB ASC Topic 718
Assumptions The following table sets forth
the weighted average FASB ASC Topic 718 assumptions used in 2011 to 2014 in the
calculation of the stock awards and option awards presented in our “Summary
Compensation Table”. For all periods presented, the fair value of share-based
awards for employee stock options awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, while shares granted under the LTP Program were valued
using a Monte Carlo simulation. The estimated fair value of restricted stock
unit awards was determined based on the market price of Agilent’s common stock
on the date of grant, adjusted for expected dividend yield. On January 17, 2012,
the company’s Board of Directors approved the initiation of quarterly cash
dividends to the company’s shareholders. The fair value of all the awards
granted prior to the declaration of quarterly cash dividends was measured based
on an expected dividend yield of 1%. Years Ended October
      31, 2014 2014 2013 2012 2011 Stock Option Plans: Weighted
      average risk-free interest rate 1.69% 0.86% 0.88% 1.49% Dividend
      yield 1% 1% 0% 0% Weighted
      average volatility 39% 39% 38% 35% Expected
      life 5.8
      yrs 5.8
      yrs 5.8
      yrs 5.8
      yrs LTPP: Volatility
      of Agilent shares 36% 37% 41% 40% Volatility
      of selected peer-company shares 13%-57% 6%-64% 17%-75% 20-76% Price-wise
      correlation with selected peers 47% 49% 62% 55% 56 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Grants of Plan-Based Awards
in Last Fiscal Year The following table sets forth
certain information regarding grants of plan-based awards to each of our NEOs
during fiscal year 2014. For more information please refer to the “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis.” Grants of Plan-Based
      Awards in Fiscal Year 2014 All Other Option Awards: Exercise Grant Date Estimated Possible
      Payouts Number of or Base Fair Value Under Non—Equity
      Incentive Estimated Payouts Under
      Equity Securities All Other Price of of Stock Plan Awards (1) Incentive Plan Awards (2) Underlying Stock Option and Option Grant Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum Options Awards Awards Awards Name Date ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (#) (3) (#) (4) ($/Sh) ($) William P. Sullivan 11/20/2013 $255,938 $984,375 $1,968,750 — — — — — — — 5/20/2014 $59,063 $590,625 $1,181,250 — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — $1,138,602 $4,554,407 $9,108,814 — — — $4,554,407 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 244,112 — $53.53 $4,569,033 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 40,000 — $2,078,423 Didier Hirsch 11/20/2013 $132,000 $360,000 $720,000 — — — — — — — 5/20/2014 $12,000 $120,000 $240,000 — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — $261,206 $1,044,826 $2,089,652 — — — $1,044,826 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 56,002 — $53.53 $1,048,187 Marie Oh Huber 11/20/2013 $108,281 $295,313 $590,626 — — — — — — — 5/20/2014 $9,844 $98,438 $196,876 — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — $187,518 $750,073 $1,500,146 — — — $750,073 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 40,206 — $53.53 $752,534 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 5,000 — $257,307 Michael R. McMullen 11/20/2013 $24,000 $240,000 $480,000 — — — — — — — 5/20/2014 $29,183 $291,830 $583,660 — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — $247,798 $991,192 $1,982,383 — — — $991,192 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 53,130 — $53.53 $994,432 9/17/2014 — — — $335,289 $1,341,159 $2,682,318 — $1,341,117 Ronald S. Nersesian 11/20/2013 $162,500 $625,000 $1,250,000 — — — — — — — 5/20/2014 $37,500 $375,000 $750,000 — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — — — — 120,620 — $53.53 $2,257,639 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 40,999 — $2,109,864 ____________________ (1) Reflects
      the value of the potential payout targets for fiscal year 2014 pursuant to
      the annual award program under Agilent’s Performance-Based Compensation
      Plan. Actual payout amounts under this plan are disclosed in the “Summary
      Compensation Table.” Mr. McMullen’s target amount for May 20, 2014
      includes his increase in target bonus as a result of his promotion to
      President and COO on September 17, 2014. (2) Reflects
      the value of potential payout of the target number of performance shares
      granted in fiscal year 2014 for the FY14 through FY16 performance period
      under Agilent’s LTP Program. Actual payout of these awards, if any, will
      be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the
      performance period depending on whether the performance criteria set forth
      in Agilent’s LTP Program were met. Payout, if any, will be in the form of
      Agilent common stock. Please see section entitled “Long-Term Incentives”
      for disclosure regarding material terms of the LTP Program. Mr.
      McMullen’s target award shares under the LTP Program increased as a result
      of his promotion to President and COO on September 17, 2014. (3) Reflects
      options granted in fiscal year 2014 under the 2009 Stock Plan in
      accordance with Agilent’s long-term incentive goals as described in the
      “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Long-Term Incentives.” Such options
      vest at 25% per year over four years. (4) Reflects
      restricted stock units granted in fiscal year 2014 under the 2009 Stock
      Plan. Mr. Sullivan’s grants vests equally over three years. Mrs. Huber’s
      grant vests equally over four years. Mr. Nersesian’s grant vests equally
      over four years. 57 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End The following table provides
information on the current holdings of options, performance-based stock awards
and restricted stock units, by our NEOs as of October 31, 2014. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
      2014 Year End Restricted Stock Performance Share Option Awards Unit Awards Awards Number Market of Shares Value of or Units Shares Number of Market of Stock or Units Unearned Value of Number of Securities That That Shares Shares Underlying Unexercised Option Option Option Have Not Have Not That Have That Have Grant Options (#) Exercise Vesting Expiration Vested Vested Not Vested Not Vested Name Date Exercisable (1) Unexercisable (1) Price ($) Date Date (#) (1)(2) ($) (#) (1)(3) ($) William P. Sullivan 11/17/2010 — 75,889 $35.21 11/17/2011 11/16/2020 — — — — 11/17/2011 146,506 146,506 $37.21 11/17/2012 11/16/2021 — — — — 11/21/2012 85,000 255,000 $35.84 11/21/2013 11/20/2022 — — — — 11/20/2013 — 244,112 $53.53 11/20/2014 11/19/2023 — — — — 11/20/2013 — — — — — 39,060 $2,159,237 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — — — 77,828 $4,302,332 11/21/2012 — — — — — — — 86,469 $4,780,006 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 67,848 $3,750,637 Total 231,506 721,507 39,060 $2,159,237 232,145 $12,832,976 Didier
      Hirsch 8/18/2010 40,363 — $29.44 8/18/2011 8/17/2020 — — — — 11/17/2010 48,875 16,262 $35.21 11/17/2011 11/16/2020 — — — — 11/17/2011 33,809 33,809 $37.21 11/17/2012 11/16/2021 — — — — 11/21/2012 19,500 58,500 $35.84 11/21/2013 11/20/2022 — — — — 11/20/2013 — 56,002 $53.53 11/20/2014 11/19/2023 — — — — 11/17/2010 — — — — — 1,848 $102,157 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — — — 17,960 $992,829 11/21/2012 — — — — — — — 19,837 $1,096,589 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 15,565 $860,433 Total 142,547 164,573 1,848 $102,157 53,362 $2,949,851 Marie Oh Huber 11/29/2007 17,250 — $37.47 11/29/2008 11/28/2017 — — — — 11/17/2010 27,645 9,215 $35.21 11/17/2011 11/16/2020 — — — — 11/17/2011 22,539 22,539 $37.21 11/17/2012 11/16/2021 — — — — 11/21/2012 13,000 39,000 $35.84 11/21/2013 11/20/2022 — — — — 11/20/2013 — 40,206 $53.53 11/20/2014 11/19/2023 — — — — 11/17/2010 — — — — — 3,125 $172,750 — — 11/20/2013 — — — — — 5,000 $276,400 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — — — 11,973 $661,867 11/21/2012 — — — — — — — 13,224 $731,023 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 11,174 $617,699 Total 80,434 110,960 8,125 $449,150 36,371 $2,010,589 58 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
      2014 Year End Restricted
      Stock Performance
      Share Option Awards Unit Awards Awards Number Market of
      Shares Value
      of or
      Units Shares Number of Market of
      Stock or
      Units Unearned Value
      of Number of
      Securities That That Shares Shares Underlying
      Unexercised Option Option Option Have
      Not Have
      Not That
      Have That
      Have Grant Options (#) Exercise Vesting Expiration Vested Vested Not
      Vested Not
      Vested Name Date Exercisable (1) Unexercisable (1) Price ($) Date Date (#) (1)(2) ($) (#) (1)(3) ($) Michael R. McMullen 11/19/2007 31,513 — $35.80 11/19/2008 11/18/2017 — — — — 11/18/2008 19,644 — $19.00 11/18/2009 11/17/2018 — — — — 11/18/2009 95,011 — $29.46 11/18/2010 11/17/2019 — — — — 11/17/2010 52,038 17,346 $35.21 11/17/2011 11/16/2020 — — — — 11/17/2011 31,930 31,931 $37.21 11/17/2012 11/16/2021 — — — — 11/21/2012 18,000 54,000 $35.84 11/21/2013 11/20/2022 — — — — 11/20/2013 — 53,130 $53.53 11/20/2014 11/19/2023 — — — — 11/17/2010 — — — — — 5,000 $276,400 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — 25,000 $1,382,000 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — — — 16,962 $937,659 11/21/2012 — — — — — — — 18,311 $1,012,232 11/20/2013 — — — — — — — 14,766 $816,264 9/17/2014 18,444 $1,019,584 Total 248,136 156,407 30,000 $1,658,400 68,483 $3,785,739 Ronald S. Nersesian 11/17/2010 — 22,767 $35.21 11/17/2011 11/16/2020 — — — — 11/17/2011 — 56,349 $37.21 11/17/2012 11/16/2021 — — — — 11/21/2012 — 105,000 $35.84 11/21/2013 11/20/2022 — — — — 11/20/2013 — 120,620 $53.53 11/20/2014 11/19/2023 — — — — 11/17/2010 — — — — — 5,000 $276,400 — — 11/20/2013 — — — — — 40,999 $2,266,425 — — 11/17/2011 — — — — — — — 29,934 $1,654,752 11/21/2012 — — — — — — — 35,605 $1,968,244 Total — 304,736 45,999 $2,542,825 65,539 $3,622,996 ____________________ (1) All share amounts
      reflect shares outstanding as of October 31, 2014. In November 2014, all
      outstanding share amounts were adjusted due to the spin-off of Keysight
      Technologies. (2) Amounts reflect
      unvested restricted stock units. The remainder of Mr. Hirsch’s award
      vested on November 17, 2014. The remainder of Mr. Nersesian’s 2010 award
      vested on November 17, 2014. His 2013 award vested 25% on November 20,
      2014 and will continue to vest 25% per year over the next three years. The
      remainder of Mr. McMullen’s November 17, 2010 award vested on November 17,
      2014. Mr. McMullen’s November 17, 2011 award vested 100% on the third
      anniversary of the date of grant, which was November 17, 2014. The
      remainder of Mr. Sullivan’s November 19, 2013 grant vested approximately
      one-third on November 19, 2014 and will continue to vest one-third on
      November 19, 2015 and one-third on November 19, 2016. The remainder of Ms.
      Huber’s 2010 award vested on November 17, 2014. Her 2013 award vested 25%
      on November 20, 2014 and will continue to vest 25% per year over the next
      three years. (3) Amounts reflect
      multiple unvested performance share awards that are outstanding
      simultaneously as of the end of fiscal year 2014 for each NEO under the
      LTP Program. The performance share awards granted on November 17, 2011
      were vested and assessed on November 19, 2014. The performance share
      awards granted on November 21, 2012 will vest and be assessed in November
      2015. The performance share awards granted on November 20, 2013 will vest
      and be assessed in November 2016. 59 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION Option Exercises and
Stock Vested at Fiscal Year-End The following table sets forth
information on stock option exercises and stock vesting in fiscal year 2014 and
the value realized on the date of exercise, if any, by each of our
NEOs. Option Exercises and
      Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2014 Restricted Stock
    & Option
      Awards Restricted
      Stock Units Performance
      Awards Number of Number of Number of Shares Acquired Value Realized Awards Acquired Value Realized Awards Acquired Value Realized on Exercise on Exercise Upon Vesting on Vesting Upon Vesting on Vesting Name (#) ($) (#) ($) (#) (1) ($) (2) William P. Sullivan 725,979 $16,867,237 — $0 73,498 $2,998,718 Didier Hirsch 83,645 $2,366,865 1,848 $101,511 16,960 $691,968 Marie Oh Huber 60,567 $1,574,107 3,125 $171,656 11,306 $461,285 Michael R. McMullen 64,779 $2,058,917 5,000 $274,650 16,726 $682,421 Ronald S. Nersesian 114,147 $2,272,890 5,000 $274,650 37,070 $1,149,170 ____________________ (1) Amounts reflect the
      performance shares granted in fiscal year 2012 pursuant to the LTP Program
      for the fiscal year 2012-2014 performance period and paid out in calendar
      year 2014. Mr. Hirsch and Mr. Nersesian had elected to defer 16,112 and
      35,216 shares respectively, into their Deferred Compensation
      Accounts. (2) The market value of
      these awards is based on the closing price of Agilent’s common stock on
      November 19, 2014. For Mr. Nersesian, the value is based on the closing
      price of Keysight’s common stock on November 18,
2014. Pension
Benefits The following table shows the
estimated present value of accumulated benefits, including years of service,
payable at normal retirement age (65) to our NEOs under the Deferred
Profit-Sharing Plan (“DPSP”), the Retirement Plan and the Supplemental Benefit
Retirement Plan. To calculate an eligible employee’s years of service, the
pension plans will bridge each eligible employee’s service, if any, with
Hewlett-Packard Company prior to June 2, 2000 to that eligible employee’s
service with Agilent on or after June 2, 2000; the total years of service will
reflect employment service from both Hewlett-Packard and Agilent, capped at 30
years of service. The cost of all three plans is paid entirely by Agilent. The
present value of accumulated benefit is calculated using the assumptions under
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715: Compensation – Retirement Benefits
for the fiscal year end measurement (as of October 31, 2014). The present value
is based on a lump sum interest rate of 6.00%, DPSP rate of return of 7.5% and
the “applicable mortality table” described in section 417(e)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code. See also Note 15 to Agilent’s consolidated financial statements in
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, as
filed with the SEC on December 22, 2014. Pension
      Benefits Eligible for Number Present Full Deferred Supplemental of Years Payments Value of Retirement Profit-Sharing Retirement Benefit Plan of Credited During Last Accumulated Name Benefits? Plan
      ($) Plan ($) ($) Service (#) Fiscal Year
      ($) Benefit ($) William P. Sullivan Yes $647,028 $416,685 $3,424,084 30 $0 $4,487,798 Didier Hirsch Yes $0 $547,485 $462,845 15 $0 $1,010,330 Marie Oh Huber No $91,757 $707,112 $574,517 24 $0 $1,373,386 Michael R. McMullen No $207,179 $766,201 $715,956 30 $0 $1,689,336 Ronald S. Nersesian No $0 $437,164 $572,199 12 $0 $1,009,363 60 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION Retirement
Plan The Retirement Plan, which was
closed to new participants as of November 1, 2014, guarantees a minimum
retirement benefit payable at normal retirement age (the later of age 65 or
termination). Benefits are accrued on a monthly basis as a lump sum payable at
normal retirement age based on eligible pay and years of service up to a maximum
of 30 years as follows: For participants who have
fewer than 15 years of service: 11% × target pay at the
end of the month PLUS 5% × target pay at the end
of the month in excess of 50% of the Social Security Wage Base For participants who have
15 or more years of service: 14% × target pay at the
end of the month PLUS 5% × target pay at the end
of the month in excess of 50% of the Social Security Wage Base Benefits under the Retirement
Plan are payable as either (a) a single life annuity for single participants or
as (b) a 50% joint and survivor annuity for married participants. Participants
may elect to receive payments at any time following termination or retirement
and in the above forms or as an actuarially equivalent 75% or 100% joint and
survivor annuity, or as a one-time lump sum. Payments made prior to normal
retirement age will be reduced in accordance with the plan
provisions. All regular full-time or
regular part-time employees who were employees of Agilent prior to November 1,
2014 automatically become participants in the Retirement Plan on the May 1 or
November 1 following completion of two years of service. Deferred Profit-Sharing
Plan The Deferred Profit-Sharing
Plan is a closed, defined contribution plan. The Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan
was created by Hewlett-Packard and covers participants’ service with
Hewlett-Packard before November 1, 1993 and is used as a floor offset for the
Retirement Plan for service prior to November 1, 1993. There have been no
contributions into the plan since October 31, 1993. For service prior to November
1, 1993 (if any), the benefit due is the greater of (i) the benefit defined by
the Retirement Plan formula, or (ii) the annuity value of the Deferred
Profit-Sharing Plan account balance. Therefore, for service prior to November 1,
1993, the Retirement Plan guarantees a minimum retirement benefit. Benefits under the Deferred
Profit-Sharing Plan are payable at normal retirement age as either (i) a single
life annuity for single participants, or (ii) a 50% joint and survivor annuity
for married participants. Participants may elect to receive payments at any time
following termination or retirement and in the above forms or as 75% or 100%
joint and survivor annuity, or as a one-time lump sum. 61 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION Supplemental Benefit
Retirement Plan The Supplemental Benefit
Retirement Plan, which was closed to new participants as of November 1, 2014, is
an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan. Benefits payable under
this plan are equal to the excess of the combined qualified Retirement Plan and
Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan amount that would be payable in accordance with the
terms of the Retirement Plan disregarding the benefit and compensation
limitations imposed pursuant to sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of the Internal
Revenue Code. Benefits under the
Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan are payable upon termination or retirement
as follows: ● Accruals
      prior to January 1, 2005 are paid in a single lump sum in the January
      following the fiscal year in which the
      participant takes his qualified Retirement Plan
      benefit. ● Accruals
      after December 31, 2004 are paid based on the date the participant retires
      or terminates: in January immediately
      following if retirement or termination occurs during the first six months of the year; or in July if
      retirement or termination occurs during the second six months of the year. Participants will
      receive a benefit in the form of either five annual installments (if the lump sum value is at
      least $150,000); or in a single lump sum (if the lump sum value is less than
      $150,000). Non-Qualified Deferred
Compensation in Last Fiscal Year For fiscal year 2014, the
non-qualified deferred compensation plan was available to all active employees
on the US payroll with total target cash salary, including the short-term
Performance-Based Compensation Plan, greater than or equal to
$260,000. There are three types of
earnings that may be deferred under the program: 1. 100% of annual base
      pay earnings in excess of the IRS qualified plan limit of $260,000 for
      2014; 2. 95% of bonus
      earnings, discretionary and cash compensation paid under the Performance-
      Based Compensation Plan; and 3. 95% of performance
      based compensation paid out in accordance with the terms of Agilent’s LTP
      Program. Awards under this program are paid out in the form of Agilent
      common stock. Deferral elections may be made
annually and are part of overall tax planning for many executives. There are
several investment options available under the Plan, most of which mirror the
investment choices under our tax-qualified 401(k) plan. All investment choices
are made by the participant. Based on market performance, dividends and interest
are credited to participants’ accounts from the funds that the participant has
elected. At the time participation is
elected, employees must also elect payout in one of three forms, which can
commence upon termination or be delayed by an additional one, two or three years
following termination: 1. a single lump sum
      payment; 2. annual installments
      over a five-to-fifteen year period; or 3. a single lump sum
      payment in January or July on or after 2016. 62 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION Payouts are distributed to
eligible participants in January of the year following termination, if
termination occurs during the first six months of the calendar year. Otherwise,
payouts are distributed to eligible participants in July of the year following
termination where termination occurs during the second half of the calendar
year. No early distributions or withdrawals are allowed. When and if received, a
participant in the LTP Program may elect to defer his or her shares through our
2005 Deferred Compensation Plan. The LTP Program shares are deferred in the form
of Agilent common stock only. At the end of the deferral period, the LTP Program
shares are simply released to the executive. We have established a rabbi
trust as a source of funds to make payments under the non-qualified deferred
compensation plan. As of October 31, 2014, the rabbi trust with Fidelity
Management Trust Company was fully funded, so there is no need for additional
funding. The table below provides
information on the non-qualified deferred compensation of the NEOs for fiscal
year 2014. Non-Qualified
      Deferred Compensation Executive Registrant Aggregate Aggregate Contributions Contributions Earnings in Aggregate Balance at in Last Fiscal in Last Fiscal Last Fiscal Withdrawals/ Fiscal Year Year Year Distributions Year-End Name ($) (1) ($) ($) (2) ($) ($) (3) William P. Sullivan $0 $0 $1,071,062 $0 $12,518,886 Didier Hirsch $809,158 $0 $496,856 $0 $5,360,835 Marie Oh Huber $0 $0 $83,628 $0 $1,033,616 Michael R. McMullen $0 $0 $1,484 $0 $10,085 Ronald S. Nersesian $935,062 $0 $244,788 $0 $3,608,400 ____________________ (1) The salary portion of the amounts reflected
      above is included in the amount reported as salary in the “Summary
      Compensation Table.” (2) Amounts reflected are not included in the
      “Summary Compensation Table” because the earnings are not “above-market.”
      These amounts include dividends, interest and change in market
      value. (3) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End
      for Mr. Hirsch includes $160,599 equivalent to the aggregate lump sum
      balance for the Agilent Technologies, Inc. France Pension Plan (as
      described below). The present value is of accumulated benefit based on an
      interest rate of 3.00% and rate of return of 3.64% (as of January 1,
      2014). The France Pension Plan is only valued once a year, and the benefit
      value as of October 31, 2014 is the same as that on January 1,
    2014. Agilent Technologies, Inc.
France Pension Plan The Agilent Technologies
France Pension Plan is a defined contribution plan created by Hewlett-Packard in
1982 and is open to all exempt employees in France. Since Mr. Hirsch was
originally employed by Hewlett-Packard France, he is the only NEO participating
in this plan. The French Pension Scheme is not a tax-qualified defined
contribution plan under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Eligible employees must have
Pensionable Salary above eight times the French Social Security Ceiling
(“Tranche C” threshold) to be a participant of this plan. Agilent contributes 5%
of Pensionable Salary and eligible employees contribute 3% of Pensionable
Salary. Agilent no longer contributes to this plan on Mr. Hirsch’s behalf.
Benefits under this plan are payable at the plan’s normal retirement age (age
65) or from age 60 with a 5% reduction per annum as a lifetime annuity resulting
from the accumulated contributions and actual return on investments. Should the
participant die prior to receiving benefits, the surviving spouse would receive
60% of the annuity accrued at the time of the participant’s death (death in
service) or 60% of the actual annuity (death in retirement). In case of
employment termination the accrued benefit retirement annuity and, where
appropriate, contingent spouse’s pension is deferred to normal retirement
age. 63 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION The Agilent Technologies,
Inc. International Relocation Benefit Plan The Agilent Technologies, Inc.
International Relocation Benefit Plan (“IRBP”) is an unfunded program that was
created by Hewlett-Packard in 1989 and was open to employees who transferred
from one country payroll to another at the Company’s request prior to December
1, 2001. Mr. Hirsch transferred from France to the United States at the
Company’s request in September 1999. Upon transfer to the US payroll, he became
eligible to participate in the Company’s US retirement programs and was no
longer eligible to accrue benefits under the France Pension Plan. As he
transferred at the Company’s request, he became eligible for the IRBP. The
objective of the IRBP is to mitigate the possible estimated retirement income
loss under country social security plans, governmental programs and Agilent
retirement schemes to an employee who has transferred internationally on a
permanent, company-sponsored basis. The plan was closed to new participants
effective November 30, 2001. Effective May 1, 2012, the IRBP benefit was frozen
for all participants. Mr. Hirsch’s benefit was $96,492 as of October 31, 2014.
The frozen IRBP benefit will accrue interest at 2% annum until his retirement.
Any loss of retirement income resulting from Mr. Hirsch’s no longer accruing
benefits under the foregoing French arrangements will be paid to Mr. Hirsch in a
single lump sum upon retirement from the Company’s general assets as soon as
administratively feasible. Termination and Change of
Control Arrangements Set forth below is a
description of the plans and agreements that could result in potential payments
to the NEOs in the case of their termination of employment and/or a change of
control of Agilent. Change of Control
Agreements Each NEO has signed a Change
of Control Agreement. Under these agreements, in the event that within 24 months
after a change of control of Agilent, Agilent or its successor terminates the
employment of such executive without cause or an event constituting good reason
occurs and the executive resigns within three months after such an event, the
executive will be entitled to: (i) two times, or solely with respect to the CEO,
three times, the sum of such executive’s base salary and target bonus, (ii)
payment of $80,000 for medical insurance premiums, (iii) full vesting of all
outstanding options and stock awards not subject to performance-based vesting,
and (iv) a prorated portion of any bonus. The Committee amended our forms of
Change of Control Agreement to remove tax gross-ups of parachute payments. These
amended forms of agreements are used with any newly executed agreements after
July 14, 2009. In September 2014, the Committee further amended these agreements
to expand the Change of Control definition, add anticipatory termination
language, more clearly define how the prorated bonus is calculated and clarify
treatment of LTPP awards. For agreements entered into
before July 14, 2009 and to the extent that the payment of these benefits
triggers the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code or any comparable
federal, state, local or foreign excise tax, Agilent will be responsible for
payment of any additional tax liability arising from the application of such
excise tax, subject to certain exceptions for all of the named executives
officers except the CEO. Only one officer has an agreement entered into prior to
July 14, 2009 that contains a tax gross-up. In exchange for such consideration,
each executive has agreed to execute a release of all of the executive’s rights
and claims relating to his or her employment. Under the current agreements a
“change of control” means occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the
sale, exchange, lease or other disposition or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of Agilent to a third party; (ii) a merger or consolidation
involving Agilent in which the stockholders of Agilent immediately prior to such
merger or consolidation are not the owners of more than 75% of the total voting
power of the outstanding voting securities of Agilent after the transaction; 64 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION (iii) the acquisition of
beneficial ownership of at least 25% of the total voting power of the
outstanding voting securities of Agilent by a third person; or (iv) Individuals
who, as of Effective Date, constitute the Board (the “Incumbent Board”) cease
for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board. “Good reason” means (i) the
reduction of the officer’s rate of pay, other than reductions that apply to
employees generally and variable and performance reductions; (ii) reduction in
benefits or failure to receive the same benefits as similarly situated
employees; (iii) a change in the officer’s duties, responsibilities, authority,
job title, or reporting relationships resulting in a significant diminution of
position, subject to certain exceptions; (iv) the relocation to a worksite that
is more than 35 miles from his prior worksite and which increases the distance
between such Executive’s home and principal office by more than 35 miles, unless
Executive accepts such relocation opportunity; (v) the failure or refusal of a
successor to Agilent to assume Agilent’s obligations under the agreement, or
(vi) a material breach by Agilent or any successor to Agilent of any of the
material provisions of the agreement. Under these agreements,
“cause” means misconduct, including: (i) conviction of any felony or any crime
involving moral turpitude or dishonesty which has a material adverse effect on
Agilent’s business or reputation; (ii) repeated unexplained or unjustified
absences from Agilent; (iii) refusal or willful failure to act in accordance
with any specific directions, orders or policies of Agilent that has a material
adverse effect on Agilent’s business or reputation; (iv) a material and willful
violation of any state or federal law that would materially injure the business
or reputation of Agilent as reasonably determined by the Board; (v)
participation in a fraud or act of dishonesty against Agilent which has a
material adverse effect on Agilent’s business or reputation; (vi) conduct by the
officer which the Board determines demonstrates gross unfitness to serve; or
(vii) intentional, material violation by the officer of any contract between the
officer and Agilent or any statutory duty of the officer to Agilent that is not
corrected within thirty days after written notice to the officer. In addition, in the event of a
change of control: 1. Participants in the
      LTP Program would receive at the earlier of the end of the performance
      period or termination of the program, an LTP Program payout equivalent to
      the greater of the target award or the accrued amount of the payout, and
      in the case of termination during the first 12 months of the performance
      cycle, prorated for the amount of time elapsed during the first twelve
      months of the performance period; and 2. Participants who
      receive restricted stock unit awards would vest in full immediately prior
      to the closing of the transaction, unless the awards are assumed,
      converted or replaced in full by the successor corporation or a parent or
      subsidiary of the successor. Termination and Change of
Control Table For each of the NEOs, the
table below estimates the amount of compensation that would be paid in the event
that (i) a change of control of Agilent occurs and executive is terminated
without cause or voluntarily terminates at a time when an event constituting
good reason has occurred either within 24 months following the change of control
or within 3 months prior to such change of control, involuntary termination with
or without cause, voluntary termination, or death, disability or retirement
occurs. The amounts shown assume that each of the terminations was effective
October 31, 2014. 65 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Resignation for Termination or Good Cause in Involuntary Connection with Termination Death / a Change of with or without Disability / Control Cause Retirement Name Type of Benefit ($) (1) ($) ($) (6) William P. Sullivan Cash
      Severance Payments $7,875,000 $0 $0 Continuation of Benefits (2) $80,000 $0 $0 Stock Award Acceleration $15,044,177 $0 $15,044,177 Stock Option Acceleration (3) $9,554,847 $0 $9,554,847 Pension Benefits (4) $5,377,646 $5,377,646 $5,377,646 Excise Tax Gross-Up (5) $0 $0 $0 Total Termination Benefits: $37,931,670 $5,377,646 $29,976,670 Didier Hirsch Cash
      Severance Payments $2,160,000 $0 $0 Continuation of Benefits (2) $80,000 $0 $0 Stock Award Acceleration $2,810,035 $0 $2,810,035 Stock Option Acceleration (3) $2,172,545 $0 $2,172,545 Pension Benefits (4) $1,066,955 $1,066,955 $1,066,955 Excise Tax Gross-Up (5) $2,818,108 $0 $0 Total Termination Benefits: $11,107,643 $1,066,955 $6,049,535 Marie Oh Huber Cash
      Severance Payments $1,837,500 $0 $0 Continuation of Benefits (2) $80,000 $0 $0 Stock Award Acceleration $2,459,739 $0 $2,459,739 Stock Option Acceleration (3) $1,420,745 $0 $1,420,745 Pension Benefits (4) $867,790 $867,790 $867,790 Excise Tax Gross-Up (5) $0 $0 $0 Total Termination Benefits: $6,665,774 $867,790 $4,748,274 Michael R. McMullen Cash
      Severance Payments $2,520,000 $0 $0 Continuation of Benefits (2) $80,000 $0 $0 Stock Award Acceleration $5,444,140 $0 $5,444,140 Stock Option Acceleration (3) $2,067,854 $0 $2,067,854 Pension Benefits (4) $1,113,691 $1,113,691 $1,113,691 Excise Tax Gross-Up (5) $0 $0 $0 Total Termination Benefits: $11,225,685 $1,113,691 $8,625,685 Ronald S. Nersesian Cash
      Severance Payments $3,600,000 $0 $0 Continuation of Benefits (2) $80,000 $0 $0 Stock Award Acceleration $6,165,820 $0 $6,165,820 Stock Option Acceleration (3) $3,727,426 $0 $3,727,426 Pension Benefits (4) $674,035 $674,035 $674,035 Excise Tax Gross-Up (5) $0 $0 $0 Total Termination Benefits: $14,247,281 $674,035 $10,567,281 ____________________ (1) To the extent that
      the payment of the listed benefits triggers the excise tax under Section
      4999 of the Code or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise
      tax, Agilent will be responsible for payment of any additional tax
      liability arising from the application of such excise tax. However, in the
      case of all of the NEOs, other than Mr. Sullivan, the executive shall not
      be entitled to receive a gross-up payment if (i) the payment of the listed
      benefits may be reduced to an amount (the “Reduced Amount”) sufficient to
      result in no portion of such payment being subject to an excise tax, and
      (ii) after reducing such payment by the Reduced Amount, the executive
      would receive, on a pre-tax basis, an amount not less than 90% of the
      value of the unreduced payment on a pre-taxed
basis. 66 Table of
Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION (2) Flat lump sum benefit
      for healthcare expenses, including additional health plan premium payments
      that may result from termination in the event of change of
    control. (3) Calculated using the
      in-the-money value of unvested options as of October 31, 2014, the last
      business day of Agilent’s last completed fiscal year. The closing price of
      Agilent common stock as of October 31, 2014 was $55.28. (4) For information
      regarding potential payments upon termination under the 2005 Deferred
      Compensation Plan and the Retirement Plan, the Supplemental Benefit
      Retirement Plan and the Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan, in which our NEOs
      participate, see “Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation in Last Fiscal Year”
      and “Pension Benefits” above. (5) We determined the
      amount of the excise tax payment in accordance with the provisions of
      Section 280G of the Code. We utilized the following key assumptions to
      determine the tax gross-up payment: (i) the interest rate assumption was
      120% of the applicable federal rate effective for the month of October
      2014, compounded semiannually; (ii) a statutory federal income tax rate of
      39.6%, Medical tax rate of 2.35%, California income tax rate of 13.3% for
      all NEOs except Mr. McMullen who resides in the state of New Jersey which
      has an income tax rate of 8.97%; (iii) Section 280G “base amount” was
      determined based on average W-2 compensation for the period from
      2009-2013; and (iv) equity grants made within one year of transaction were
      in the ordinary course of business and were not in contemplation of a
      transaction. (6) Under the 1999 Stock
      Plan, 2009 Stock Plan and the LTP Program, if a NEO dies or is fully
      disabled, his or her unvested stock options and stock awards shall fully
      vest. Also, when an employee retires from Agilent, all unvested restricted
      stock units and/or stock options granted on or after November 17, 2010
      continue to vest per the original terms of the grant and grants prior to
      November 17, 2010 have accelerated vesting upon retirement. As of October
      31, 2014, only Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Hirsch were eligible for such
      continued vesting/accelerated vesting upon
retirement. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The members of the
Compensation Committee are set forth in “Board Structure and Compensation.”
During the most recent fiscal year, no Agilent executive officer served on the
compensation committee (or equivalent), or the board of directors, of another
entity whose executive officer(s) served on Agilent’s Compensation
Committee. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
      REPORT The information contained in this report
      shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” to be “filed” with the
      SEC, or to be subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C (other than as
      provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) or to the liabilities of Section
      18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be
      incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC except to the
      extent that Agilent specifically incorporates it by reference into a
      document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange
      Act of 1934. Agilent’s executive compensation program is administered by the
      Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”). The
      Compensation Committee, which is composed entirely of independent,
      non-employee directors, is responsible for approving and reporting to the
      Board on all elements of compensation for the executive officers. In this
      regard, the Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the
      “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement
      with management. Based on this review and discussion, the Compensation
      Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the “Compensation
      Discussion and Analysis” section be included in this Proxy Statement and
      incorporated by reference into Agilent’s 2014 Annual Report on Form
      10-K. Submitted
      by: Compensation Committee Koh Boon Hwee,
      Chairperson George A. Scangos, Ph.D. A. Barry Rand Tadataka
      Yamada, M.D. 67 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING Q: Why did I
      receive a one-page notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability
      of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy
    materials? A: In accordance with
      rules and regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission
      (the “SEC”), instead of mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials to
      each stockholder of record, we are furnishing proxy materials, including
      this Proxy Statement and our 2014 Annual Report to Stockholders, by
      providing access to such documents on the Internet. Stockholders will not
      receive printed copies of the proxy materials unless they request them.
      Instead, commencing on or about February 4, 2015, a Notice of Internet
      Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) was sent to most of our
      stockholders which will instruct you as to how to access and review the
      proxy materials on the Internet. The Notice also instructs you to submit
      your proxy via the Internet. If you would like to receive a paper or email
      copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting
      such materials in the Notice. Q: Why am I
      receiving these materials? A: Agilent’s Board of
      Directors (the “Board”) is providing these proxy materials to you on the
      Internet or, upon your request, has delivered printed versions of these
      materials to you by mail, in connection with Agilent’s 2015 annual meeting
      of stockholders, which will take place on March 18, 2015. Stockholders are
      invited to attend the annual meeting and are requested to vote on the
      proposals described in this Proxy Statement. Q: Who is
      soliciting my proxy? A: Agilent’s Board of
      Directors is soliciting proxies to be used at the annual meeting of
      stockholders on March 18, 2015, for the purposes set forth in the
      foregoing notice. Q: What is
      included in these materials? A: These materials
      include: ● our Proxy Statement for Agilent’s annual
      meeting; and ● our 2014 Annual Report to Stockholders,
      which includes our audited consolidated financial
    statements. If you requested printed
      versions of these materials by mail, these materials also include the
      proxy card for the annual meeting. Q: What
      information is contained in these materials? A: The information
      included in this Proxy Statement relates to the proposals to be voted on
      at the annual meeting, the voting process, the compensation of directors
      and our most highly paid officers and certain other required
      information. Q: What proposals
      will be voted on at the annual meeting? A: There are five
      proposals scheduled to be voted on at the annual meeting: ● the election of three directors for a 3-year
      term; ● the ratification of the Audit and Finance
      Committee’s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s
      independent registered public accounting firm; ● the re-approval and amendment of the
      Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
Employees; ● the amendment of the Amended and Restated
      Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to declassify the board;
      and ● an advisory vote to approve the compensation
      of Agilent’s named executive
officers. 68 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING Q: What is the
      Agilent Board’s voting recommendation? A: Agilent’s Board
      recommends that you vote your shares “ FOR ” each of the nominees to the Board, “ FOR ” the ratification of the Audit and Finance Committee’s appointment
      of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s independent registered public
      accounting firm, “ FOR ” re-approval and
      amendment of the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
      Employees, “ FOR ” amendment of
      the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to
      declassify the board, and “ FOR ” the approval of
      the compensation of Agilent’s named executive officers. Q: What shares
      owned by me can be voted? A: All shares owned by
      you as of the close of business on January 20, 2015 (the “Record Date”)
      may be voted. You may cast one vote per share of common stock that you
      held on the Record Date. These include shares that are: (1) held directly
      in your name as the stockholder of record, including shares received or
      purchased through the Agilent Technologies, Inc. 1999 Stock Plan and 2009
      Stock Plan and the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase
      Plan, and (2) held for you as the beneficial owner through a stockbroker,
      bank or other nominee or held for your account by the Agilent
      Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Plan or Deferred Compensation Plans. On the
      Record Date, Agilent had approximately 335,901,953 shares of common stock
      issued and outstanding. Q: What is the
      difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a
      beneficial owner? A: Most stockholders of
      Agilent hold their shares through a stockbroker, bank or other nominee
      rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below, there are
      some differences between shares held of record and those owned
      beneficially. Stockholder of
      Record If your shares are
      registered directly in your name with Agilent’s transfer agent,
      Computershare Investor Services, you are considered, with respect to those
      shares, the stockholder of record, and the Notice, or if requested, these
      proxy materials are being sent directly to you. As the stockholder of
      record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to the
      persons named as proxy holders, William P. Sullivan, Agilent’s Chief
      Executive Officer and Marie Oh Huber, Agilent’s Senior Vice President,
      General Counsel and Secretary, or to vote in person at the annual meeting.
      If you requested printed copies of the proxy materials, Agilent has
      enclosed a proxy card for you to use. You may also vote on the Internet or
      by telephone, as described below under the heading “How can I vote my
      shares without attending the annual meeting?” Beneficial
      Owner If your shares are held
      in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are
      considered the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name”, and these
      proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your broker or nominee who
      is considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder of record. As
      the beneficial owner, you are invited to attend the annual meeting. You
      also have the right to direct your broker on how to vote these shares.
      Your broker or nominee should have enclosed a voting instruction card for
      you to direct your broker or nominee how to vote your shares. You may also
      vote by Internet or by telephone, as described below under “How can I vote
      my shares without attending the annual meeting?” However, shares held in
      “street name” may be voted in person by you only if you obtain a signed
      proxy from the record holder (stock brokerage, bank, or other nominee)
      giving you the right to vote the shares. 69 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING Q: How can I vote
      my shares in person at the annual meeting? A: Shares held directly
      in your name as the stockholder of record may be voted in person at the
      annual meeting. If you choose to vote your shares in person at the annual
      meeting, please bring proof of ownership of Agilent stock on the record
      date, such as the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials,
      legal proxy, voting instruction card provided by your broker, bank or
      nominee, or a proxy card as well as proof of identification. Even if you
      plan to attend the annual meeting, Agilent recommends that you vote your
      shares in advance as described below so that your vote will be counted if
      you later decide not to attend the annual meeting. Q: How can I vote
      my shares without attending the annual meeting? A: Whether you hold your
      shares directly as the stockholder of record or beneficially in “street
      name”, you may direct your vote without attending the annual meeting by
      proxy. You can vote by proxy over the Internet or by telephone. Please
      follow the instructions provided in the Notice, or, if you request printed
      copies of proxy materials, on the proxy card or voting instruction
      card. Q: Can I revoke my
      proxy or change my vote? A: You may revoke your
      proxy or change your voting instructions prior to the vote at the annual
      meeting. You may enter a new vote by using the Internet or the telephone
      or by mailing a new proxy card or new voting instruction card bearing a
      later date (which will automatically revoke your earlier voting
      instructions) or by attending the annual meeting and voting in person.
      Your attendance at the annual meeting in person will not cause your
      previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically so
      request. Q: How are votes
      counted? A: In the election of
      directors, your vote may be cast “FOR” or “AGAINST” one or more of the
      nominees, or you may “ABSTAIN” from voting with respect to one or more of
      the nominees. Shares voting “ABSTAIN” have no effect on the election of
      directors. For proposals 2, 3, 4
      and 5 your vote may be cast “FOR” or, “AGAINST” or you may
      “ABSTAIN.” If you “ABSTAIN”, it has
      the same effect as a vote “AGAINST.” If you sign your proxy card or broker
      voting instruction card with no further instructions, your shares will be
      voted as described below in “Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes.” Any
      undirected shares that you hold in Agilent’s 401(k) Plan will be voted in
      proportion to the way the other 401(k) Plan stockholders vote their 401(k)
      Plan shares. Abstentions and
      Broker Non-Votes Any shares represented
      by proxies that are marked to “ABSTAIN” from voting on a proposal will be
      counted as present in determining whether we have a quorum. They will also
      be counted in determining the total number of shares entitled to vote on a
      proposal. Abstentions and, if applicable, broker non-votes will not be
      counted as votes “FOR” or “AGAINST” a director nominee. Accordingly,
      abstentions are not counted for the purpose of determining the number of
      votes cast in the election of directors. If your shares are held
      in street name and you do not instruct your broker on how to vote your
      shares, your broker, in its discretion, may either leave your shares
      unvoted or vote your shares on routine matters. Only Proposal 2 (ratifying
      the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm) is
      considered a routine matter. In accordance with federal legislation
      adopted in 2010, the SEC has approved changes to NYSE Rule 452, the broker
      vote rule, that make executive 70 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING compensation matters,
      including say-on-pay, non-routine matters. If your broker returns a proxy
      card but does not vote your shares, this results in a “broker non-vote.”
      Broker non-votes will be counted as present for the purpose of determining
      a quorum. Proposals 1 (election of
      directors) 3 (re-approval and amendment of the Performance-Based
      Compensation Plan for Covered Employees) 4 (approval of amendments to the
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to declassify
      the board) and 5 (approval of the compensation of Agilent’s named
      executive officers) are not considered routine matters, and without your
      instruction, your broker cannot vote your shares. Because brokers do not
      have discretionary authority to vote on these proposals, broker non-votes
      will not be counted for the purpose of determining the number of votes
      cast on these proposals. Q: What is the
      voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? A: Proposal 1, Election of
      Directors : Under
      our majority voting standard, in uncontested elections of directors, such
      as this election, each director must be elected by the affirmative vote of
      a majority of the votes cast by the shares present in person or
      represented by proxy and entitled to vote. A “majority of the votes cast”
      means that the number of votes cast “FOR” a director must exceed 50% of
      the votes cast with respect to that director. Abstentions and broker
      non-votes will not count as a vote “for” or “against” a nominee’s election
      and thus will have no effect in determining whether a director nominee has
      received a majority of the votes cast. Our board has adopted a policy
      under which, in uncontested elections, an incumbent director nominee who
      does not receive the required votes for re-election is expected to tender
      his or her resignation to our Board. The Nominating/Corporate Governance
      Committee, or another duly appointed committee of the Board,
      will determine whether to
      accept or reject the tendered resignation generally within 90 days after
      certification of the election results. Agilent will publicly disclose the
      committee’s determination regarding the tendered resignation and the
      rationale behind the decision in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
      the SEC. Proposal 2,
      Ratification of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
      Firm : The appointment
      of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public
      accounting firm requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares
      present at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote
      on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against
      Proposal 2. The approval of Proposal 2 is a routine proposal on which a
      broker or other nominee is generally empowered to vote in the absence of
      voting instructions from the beneficial owner, so broker non-votes are
      unlikely to result from this proposal. Proposal 3,
      Re-approval and amendment of the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for
      Covered Employees : The
      vote regarding re-approval and amendment of the Performance-Based
      Compensation Plan for Covered Employees requires the affirmative vote of a
      majority of shares present at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy,
      and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same
      effect as votes against this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no
      effect on this proposal as brokers are not entitled to vote on such
      proposal in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial
      owner. Proposal 4,
      Approval of amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of
      Incorporation and Bylaws to declassify the Board : The vote regarding amendment of the
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to declassify
      the board requires the affirmative vote of eighty percent (80%) of the
      outstanding voting stock. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes
      against this proposal. 71 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING Broker non-votes will
      have no effect on this proposal as brokers are not entitled to vote on
      such proposal in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial
      owner. Proposal 5, Approval of the Compensation of
      Agilent’s Named Executive Officers : The advisory vote regarding approval of the compensation of
      Agilent’s named executive officers requires the affirmative vote of a
      majority of shares present at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy,
      and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same
      effect as votes against this proposal. Broker non-votes will
      have no effect on this proposal as brokers are not entitled to vote on
      such proposal in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial
      owner. Q: What does it
      mean if I receive more than one Notice, proxy or voting instruction
      card? A: It means your shares
      are registered differently or are in more than one account. For each Notice you
      receive, please enter your vote on the Internet for each control number
      you have been assigned. If you receive paper copies of proxy materials,
      please provide voting instructions for all proxy and voting instruction
      cards you receive. Q: Where can I
      find the voting results of the annual meeting? A: Agilent will announce
      preliminary voting results at the annual meeting and publish preliminary,
      or final results if available, in a Current Report on Form 8-K within four
      business days of the annual meeting. Q: What happens if
      additional proposals are presented at the annual
  meeting? A: Other than the five
      proposals described in this Proxy Statement, Agilent does not expect any
      matters to be presented for a vote at the annual meeting. If you grant a
      proxy, the persons named as proxy holders, William P. Sullivan, Agilent’s
      Chief Executive Officer, and Marie Oh Huber, Agilent’s Senior
      Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, will have the discretion to
      vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote
      at the annual meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any one or more of
      Agilent’s nominees is not available as a candidate for director, the
      persons named as proxy holders will vote your proxy for such other
      candidate or candidates as may be nominated by the Board. Q: What is the
      quorum requirement for the annual meeting? A: The quorum
      requirement for holding the annual meeting and transacting business is a
      majority of the outstanding shares entitled to be voted. The shares may be
      present in person or represented by proxy at the annual meeting. Both
      abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for the purpose of
      determining the presence of a quorum. Broker non-votes, however, are not
      counted as shares present and entitled to be voted with respect to the
      matter on which the broker has expressly not voted. Thus, broker non-votes
      will not affect the outcome of any of the matters being voted on at the
      annual meeting. Generally, broker
      non-votes occur when shares held by a broker for a beneficial owner are
      not voted with respect to a particular proposal because (1) the broker has
      not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner and (2) the
      broker lacks discretionary voting power to vote such shares. Q: Who will count
      the vote? A: A representative of
      Computershare Investor Services will tabulate the votes and act as the
      inspector of election. Q: Is my vote
      confidential? A: Proxy instructions,
      ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual stockholders are
      handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not
      be disclosed either within Agilent or to third parties except (1) as
      necessary 72 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING to meet applicable legal
      requirements, (2) to allow for the tabulation of votes and certification
      of the vote and (3) to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation by the
      Board. Occasionally, stockholders provide written comments on their proxy
      card, which are then forwarded to Agilent’s management. Q: Who will bear
      the cost of soliciting votes for the annual meeting? A: Agilent will pay the
      entire cost of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing and distributing
      these proxy materials. Agilent has retained
      the services of Georgeson, Inc. (“Georgeson”) to aid in the solicitation
      of proxies from banks, brokers, nominees and intermediaries. Agilent
      estimates that it will pay Georgeson a fee of $13,000 for its services. In
      addition to the mailing of these proxy materials, the solicitation of
      proxies or votes may be made in person, by telephone or by electronic
      communication by Agilent’s directors, officers and employees, who will not
      receive any additional compensation for such solicitation activities. In
      addition, Agilent may reimburse brokerage firms and other persons
      representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding
      solicitation material to such beneficial owners. Q: May I propose
      actions for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or
      nominate individuals to serve as directors? A: You may submit
      proposals for consideration at future annual stockholder meetings,
      including director nominations. Stockholder
      Proposals: In order for a
      stockholder proposal to be considered for inclusion in Agilent’s proxy
      statement for next year’s annual meeting, the written proposal must be
      received by Agilent no later than October 7, 2015 and should contain such
      information as is required under Agilent’s Bylaws. Such proposals will
      need to comply with the SEC’s regulations regarding the inclusion of
      stockholder proposals in Agilent sponsored
proxy materials. In order for
      a stockholder proposal to be raised from the floor during next year’s
      annual meeting, written notice must be received by Agilent no later than
      October 7, 2015 and should contain such information as required under
      Agilent’s Bylaws. Nomination of
      Director Candidates: Agilent’s Bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors at a
      stockholder meeting. In order to make a director nomination at an annual
      stockholder meeting, it is necessary that you notify Agilent not less than
      120 days before the first anniversary of the date that the proxy statement
      for the preceding year’s annual meeting was first sent to stockholders.
      Agilent’s 2015 Proxy Statement was first sent to stockholders on February
      4, 2015. Thus, in order for any such nomination notice to be timely for
      next year’s annual meeting, it must be received by Agilent not later than
      October 7, 2015. In addition, the notice must meet all other requirements
      contained in Agilent’s Bylaws and include any other information required
      pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Copy of Bylaw
      Provisions: You may contact
      the Agilent Corporate Secretary at Agilent’s corporate headquarters for a
      copy of the relevant Bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for
      making stockholder proposals and nominating director candidates.
      Additionally, a copy of Agilent’s Bylaws can be accessed on the Agilent
      Investor Relations Web site at http://www.investor.agilent.com. Click
      “Corporate Governance” and then “Governance Policies” on the left hand
      side of the screen. Q: How do I obtain
      a separate set of proxy materials if I share an address with other
      stockholders? A: To reduce expenses,
      in some cases, we are delivering one set of the proxy materials or, where
      applicable, one Notice to certain stockholders who share an address,
      unless otherwise requested by one or more of the stockholders. For
      stockholders receiving 73 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING hard copies of the proxy
      materials, a separate proxy card is included with the proxy materials for
      each stockholder. For stockholders receiving a Notice, the Notice will
      instruct you as to how you may access and review all of the proxy
      materials on the Internet. The Notice also instructs you as to how you may
      submit your proxy on the Internet. If you have only received one set of
      the proxy materials or one Notice, you may request separate copies at no
      additional cost to you by calling us at (408) 553-2424 or by writing to us
      at Agilent Technologies, Inc., 5301 Stevens Creek Blvd., Santa Clara,
      California 95051, Attn: Shareholder Records. If you received a Notice and
      you would like to receive a paper or email copy of our proxy materials,
      you should follow the instructions for requesting such materials in the
      Notice. You may also request
      separate paper proxy materials or a separate Notice for future annual
      meetings by following the instructions for requesting such materials in
      the Notice, or by contacting us by calling or writing. Q: If I share an
      address with other stockholders of Agilent, how can we get only one set of
      voting materials for future meetings? A: You may request that
      we send you and the other stockholders who share an address with you only
      one Notice or one set of proxy materials by calling us at (408) 553-2424
      or by writing to us at: Agilent Technologies, Inc., 5301 Stevens Creek
      Blvd., Santa Clara, California 95051, Attn: Shareholder
  Records. 74 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING You may receive a copy of
Agilent’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014
without charge by sending a written request to Agilent Technologies, Inc., 5301
Stevens Creek Blvd., Santa Clara, California 95051, Attn: Investor
Relations. By
      Order of the Board, Marie Oh Huber Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary Dated: February 6,
2015 75 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION
      ABOUT THE MEETING DIRECTIONS TO AGILENT’S
HEADQUARTERS From the South (San
Jose) Take Highway 280 North towards
San Francisco. Take the Stevens Creek/Lawrence Expressway exit and turn left
onto Stevens Creek Blvd. for approximately 0.1 miles and then turn right into
Agilent’s parking lot at the second stop light. From the North (San
Francisco) Take Highway 280 South towards
San Jose. Take the Stevens Creek Blvd/Lawrence Expressway exit. Turn left on
Stevens Creek Blvd. for approximately 0.2 miles and turn left into Agilent’s
parking lot at the first stop light. Parking Parking will be designated as
you enter the parking lot. © Agilent Technologies,
      Inc. 2015 Printed in U.S.A. February, 2015 Printed on recycled
      paper with 30% post-consumer waste Admission to the annual
meeting will be limited to stockholders. You are entitled to attend the annual
meeting only if you are a stockholder of record as of the close of business on
January 20, 2015, the record date, or hold a valid proxy for the meeting. In
order to be admitted to the annual meeting, you must present proof of ownership
of Agilent stock on the record date. This can be a brokerage statement or letter
from a bank or broker indicating ownership on January 20, 2015, the Notice of
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, a proxy card, or legal proxy or voting
instruction card provided by your broker, bank or nominee. Any holder of a proxy
from a stockholder must present the proxy card, properly executed, and a copy of
the proof of ownership. Stockholders and proxyholders may also be asked to
present a form of photo identification such as a driver’s license or passport.
Backpacks, cameras, cell phones with cameras, recording equipment and other
electronic recording devices will not be permitted at the annual meeting.
Agilent reserves the right to inspect any persons or items prior to their
admission to the annual meeting. Failure to follow the meeting rules or permit
inspection will be grounds for exclusion from the annual meeting. 76 Table of Contents ANNEXES Annex A AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. 2010 PERFORMANCE-BASED
COMPENSATION PLAN FOR COVERED EMPLOYEES (As Adopted on
November1 9 8 ,
20 14 09 ) 1. PURPOSE The purpose of the Agilent
Technologies, Inc. Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered Employees (as
amended from time to time, the “Plan”) is to reward and recognize eligible
employees for their contributions towards the achievement by Agilent
Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) of certain Performance Goals (as defined
below). The Plan is designed with the intention that the incentives paid
hereunder to certain executive officers of the Company are deductible under
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the
regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder (the “Code”). However,
the Company can not guarantee that awards under the Plan will qualify for
exemption under Code Section 162(m) and circumstances may present themselves
under which awards under the Plan do not comply with Code Section 162(m). The
adoption of the Plan is subject to the approval of the Company’s
shareholders. 2.
DEFINITIONS The following definitions
shall be applicable throughout the Plan: (a) “Affiliate” shall mean (i)
any entity that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by the Company and (ii)
any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either
case, as determined by the Committee. (b) “Award” means the amount
of a cash incentive payable under the Plan to a Participant with respect to a
Performance Period. (c) “Board” means the Board of
Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. (d) “Committee” means the
Compensation Committee of the Board or another Committee designated by the Board
which is comprised of two or more “outside directors” as defined in Code Section
162(m). (e) “Participant” means any
employee of the Company or its Affiliates who is designated as a Participant
(either by name or by position) by the Committee. (f) “Performance Goal” means
an objective formula or standard determined by the Committee with respect to
each Performance Period based on one or more of the following criteria and any
objectively verifiable adjustment(s) thereto permitted and pre-established by
the Committee in accordance with Code Section 162(m): (i) pre-tax income or
after-tax income; (ii) income or earnings including operating income, earnings
before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization; (iii) net
income excluding amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and impairment
of goodwill and intangible assets and/or excluding charges attributable to the
adoption of new accounting pronouncements; (iv) earnings or book value per share
(basic or diluted); (v) return on assets (gross or net), return on investment,
return on invested capital, or return on equity; (vi) return on revenues; (vii)
cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on investment (discounted or
otherwise), net cash provided by operations, or cash flow in excess of cost of
capital; (viii) economic value created; (ix) operating margin or profit margin;
(x) stock price or total stockholder return; (xi) income or earnings from
continuing operations; (xii) capital expenditures, cost targets, reductions and
savings and expense management; and (xiii) strategic business criteria,
consisting of one or more objectives Table of Contents ANNEXES based on meeting specified
market penetration or market share, geographic business expansion, objective
customer satisfaction or information technology goals, and objective goals
relating to divestitures, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and similar
transactions, each with respect to the Company and/or one or more of its
Affiliates or operating units. (g) “Performance Period” means
any period not exceeding 36 months as determined by the Committee, in its sole
discretion. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for
different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or
overlapping Performance Periods. 3.
ADMINISTRATION The Plan shall be administered
by the Committee, which shall have the discretionary authority to interpret the
provisions of the Plan, including all decisions on eligibility to participate,
the establishment of Performance Goals, the amount of Awards payable under the
Plan, and the payment of Awards. The Committee shall also have the discretionary
authority to establish rules under the Plan so long as such rules do not
explicitly conflict with the terms of the Plan and any such rules shall
constitute part of the Plan. The decisions of the Committee shall be final and
binding on all parties making claims under the Plan. 4.
ELIGIBILITY Employees of the Company shall
be eligible to participate in the Plan as determined at the sole discretion of
the Committee. 5. AMOUNT OF
AWARDS (a) With respect to each
Participant, the Committee will establish one or more Performance Periods, an
individual Participant incentive target for each Performance Period and the
Performance Goal(s) to be met during such Performance Period(s). In order to
qualify as performance-based compensation, the establishment of the Performance
Period(s), the applicable Performance Goals and the targets must occur in
compliance with and to the extent required by the rules and regulations of Code
Section 162(m). (b) The maximum amount of any
Awards that can be paid under the Plan to any Participant with respect to any
12-month performance cycle is $10,000,000. (c) The Committee reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to reduce or eliminate the amount of an Award
otherwise payable to a Participant with respect to any Performance Period. The
reduction of an Award otherwise payable to a Participant with respect to a
Performance Period shall have no effect on the Award payable to any other
Participant for such Performance Period. 6. PAYMENT OF
AWARDS Any distribution made under
the Plan shall be made in cash and /or stock awards (as defined in the
Company’s 2009 Stock Plan, as amended) and occur within a reasonable period
of time after the end of the Performance Period in which the Participant has
earned the Award; provided that no Award
shall become payable to a Participant with respect to any Performance Period
until the Committee has certified in writing that the terms and conditions
underlying the payment of such Award have been satisfied. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in order to comply with the short-term deferral exception under
Section 409A of the Code, payment shall occur no later than the 15 th day of the third month following the end of the Company’s taxable year in which
the payment was earned. Table of Contents ANNEXES 7. CHANGES IN
STATUS (a) Except as may be otherwise
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the payment of an Award with
respect to all or a portion of a specific Performance Period, as applicable,
requires that the employee be on the Company’s payroll in active service as of
the end of such Performance Period unless the Participant is not in active
service on the last day of the Performance Period due to retirement, workforce
management, total and permanent disability or death, in which case the
Participant will be eligible to receive a prorated Award for days worked with
respect to the Performance Period to the extent that the relevant Performance
Goals have been met. A Participant who becomes ineligible for this Plan after
the start of the Performance Period is eligible to receive a prorated Award for
days worked, except as provided in Section 7(b). (b) A Participant will forfeit
any Award for a Performance Period during which a Participant is involuntarily
terminated for cause or voluntarily terminates his employment with the Company
for reasons other than death, total and permanent disability, workforce
management or retirement, at the age and service-year level set by the Company
or the local law requirements where the Participant is employed. 8.
RECOUPMENT Any Award paid under the Plan
is subject to the terms of the Agilent Technologies Executive Compensation
Recoupment Policy, or any successor policy thereto, in the form approved by the
Committee as the date of grant (the “Policy”), if and to the extent that the
Policy by its terms applies to the Award and the Participant. 9. GENERAL (a) TAX WITHHOLDING. The
Company shall have the right to deduct from all Awards any federal, state or
local income and/or payroll taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to
such payments. The Company also may withhold from any other amount payable by
the Company or any affiliate to the Participant an amount equal to the taxes
required to be withheld from any Award. (b) CLAIM TO AWARDS AND
EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. Nothing in the Plan shall confer on any Participant the right
to continued employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, or affect in
any way the right of the Company or any affiliate to terminate the Participant’s
employment at any time, and for any reason, or change the Participant’s
responsibilities. Awards represent unfunded and unsecured obligations of the
Company and a holder of any right hereunder in respect of any Award shall have
no rights other than those of a general unsecured creditor to the
Company. (c) BENEFICIARIES. To the
extent the Committee permits beneficiary designations, any payment of Awards
under the Plan to a deceased Participant shall be paid to the beneficiary duly
designated by the Participant in accordance with the Company’s practices. If no
such beneficiary has been designated or survives the Participant, payment shall
be made to the Participant’s legal representative. A beneficiary designation may
be changed or revoked by a Participant at any time, provided the change or
revocation is filed with the Committee prior to the Participant’s
death. (d) NONTRANSFERABILITY. A
person’s rights and interests under the Plan, including any Award previously
made to such person or any amounts payable under the Plan, may not be sold,
assigned, pledged, transferred or otherwise alienated or hypothecated except, in
the event of a Participant’s death, to a designated beneficiary as provided in
the Plan, or in the absence of such designation, by will or the laws of descent
and distribution. Table of Contents ANNEXES (e) INDEMNIFICATION. Each
person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee and each employee of
the Company or an affiliate who is delegated a duty under the Plan shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Company from and against any loss, cost,
liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him in
connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which
he may be a party or in which he may be involved by reason of any action or
failure to act under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by
him in satisfaction of judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against
him, provided such loss, cost, liability or expense is not attributable to such
person’s willful misconduct. Any person seeking indemnification under this
provision shall give the Company prompt notice of any claim and shall give the
Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before
the person undertakes to handle and defend such claim on his or her own behalf.
The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other
rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled, including under
the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws, as a matter of law, or
otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them
harmless. (f) EXPENSES. The expenses of
administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company. (g) TITLES AND HEADINGS. The
titles and headings of the sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference
only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such
titles or headings, shall control. (h) INTENT. The intention of
the Company and the Committee is to administer the Plan in compliance with Code
Section 162(m) so that the Awards paid under the Plan to Participants who are or
may become subject to Code Section 162(m) will be treated as performance-based
compensation under Code Section 162(m)(4)(C). If any provision of the Plan does
not comply with the requirements of Code Section 162(m), then such provision
shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such
requirements. (i) GOVERNING LAW. The
validity, construction, and effect of the Plan, any rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, and any Award shall be determined in accordance with the
laws of the State of California (without giving effect to principles of
conflicts of laws thereof) and applicable federal law. No Award made under the
Plan shall be intended to be deferred compensation under Code Section 409A and
will be interpreted accordingly. (j) AMENDMENTS AND
TERMINATION. The Committee may terminate the Plan at any time, provided such
termination shall not affect the payment of any Awards accrued under the Plan
prior to the date of the termination. The Committee may, at any time, or from
time to time, amend or suspend and, if suspended, reinstate, the Plan in whole
or in part; provided, however, that any amendment of the Plan shall be subject
to the approval of the Company’s shareholders to the extent required to comply
with the requirements of Code Section 162(m), or any other applicable laws,
regulations or rules. Table of Contents ANNEXES Annex B PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
TO AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. (Additions are
underlined, deletions are struck-out) Article VII of the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be amended and restated to read as
follows: ARTICLE VII For the management of the
business and for the conduct of affairs of the Corporation, and in further
definition, limitation and regulation of powers of the Corporation, of its
directors and of its stockholder or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is
further provided that: A. The management of the
business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in
its Board of Directors. The number of directors of this Corporation shall be
fixed and may be changed from time to time by resolution of the Board of
Directors. B. Until the election of
directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, t T he Directors,
other than those who may be elected by the holders of any class or series of
stock having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon
liquidation, shall be classified, with respect to the time for which they
severally hold office, into three classes, as nearly equal in number as
possible, one class to be originally elected for a term expiring at the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held in 2000, another class to be originally
elected for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in
2001, and another class to be originally elected for a term expiring at the
annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2002, with each class to hold
office until its successor is duly elected and qualified. At each succeeding
annual meeting of stockholders prior to the 2016 annual meeting of
stockholders , directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then
expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding
annual meeting of stockholders after their election . , with each director
to hold office until such person’s successor shall have been elected and
qualified. Commencing at the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, directors,
other than those who may be elected by the holders of any class or series of
stock having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon
liquidation, shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next
annual meeting of stockholders following their election and until their
successors are duly elected and qualified. Accordingly, at the 2016 annual
meeting of stockholders, directors in the class whose terms expire at that
meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the 2017 annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and
qualified; at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, directors in the class
whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term
expiring at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
are duly elected and qualified; and at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders
and at each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of
stockholders following their election and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. All directors, subject to such director’s earlier death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, shall hold
office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected, and
until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. From and after the
election of directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, any director
or the entire board of directors may be removed from office for cause or without
cause by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an
election of directors. Table of Contents ANNEXES C. Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Article VII, each director shall serve until his or
her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death,
resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the
Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. D. Any vacancies on the Board
of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal, or
other causes unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any
such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders,
except as otherwise provided by law, shall be filled only by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less
than a quorum of the Board of Directors and not by the stockholders. E. In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of
Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of
the Corporation. F. The directors of the
Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the
Corporation so provide. G. Advance notice of
stockholder nomination for the election of directors and of any other business
to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the
Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the
Corporation. Table of Contents ANNEXES Annex C PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
TO AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. (Additions are
underlined, deletions are struck-out) Sections 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 of
Article III of the Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be amended and restated as
follows: 3.3 Election and Term of Office of
Directors . Except as provided
in the Certificate of Incorporation or Section 3.4 of these Bylaws, until the
election of directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, directors
shall be classified, with respect to the time for which they severally hold
office, into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, one class to
be originally elected for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders
to be held in 2000, another class to be originally elected for a term expiring
at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2001, and another class to
be originally elected for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders
to be held in 2002, with each class to hold office until its successor is duly
elected and qualified. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders prior to the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders , directors elected to
succeed those directors whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of
office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after
their election, with each director to hold office until such person’s successor
shall have been elected and qualified or until such person’s earlier resignation
or removal. Each director, including a director elected or appointed to fill a
vacancy, shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or until
his earlier resignation or removal. Commencing at the 2016 annual meeting of
stockholders, directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of
any class or series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock as to
dividends or upon liquidation, shall be elected to hold office for a term
expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders following their election and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Accordingly, at the 2016
annual meeting of stockholders, directors in the class whose terms expire at
that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the 2017
annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and
qualified; at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, directors in the class
whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term
expiring at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
are duly elected and qualified; and at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders
and at each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of
stockholders following their election and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. All directors, subject to such director’s earlier death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, shall hold
office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected, and
until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. Except as provided in Section
3.4 of these Bylaws, each director shall be elected by the vote of a majority of
the votes cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election of
directors at which a quorum is present, provided that if the number of nominees
exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by
the vote of a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any
such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. For purposes of
this paragraph, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares
voted “for” a director must exceed 50% of the votes cast with respect to that
director. The votes cast shall include votes to withhold authority in each case
and exclude abstentions with respect to that director’s election. If an
incumbent director is not elected due to a failure to receive a majority of the
votes cast as described above and his or her successor is not otherwise elected
and qualified, the director shall offer to tender his or her resignation to the
Board of Directors promptly following the certification of the stockholder vote.
The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will consider the offer to resign
and make a recommendation to the Board of Directors on whether to accept or
reject the resignation, or whether Table of Contents ANNEXES other action should be taken.
The Board of Directors will act on the Committee’s recommendation and publicly
disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within 90 days from the date
of the certification of the election results. Any director who tenders his or
her offer to resign shall not participate in either the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee’s or Board of Directors’ consideration or other actions
regarding whether to accept the resignation offer. However, if each member of
the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee failed to receive a majority of
the votes cast at the same election, then the independent directors who did
receive a majority of the votes cast shall appoint a committee amongst
themselves to consider the resignation offers and recommend to the Board of
Directors whether to accept them. However, if the only directors who received a
majority of the votes cast in the same election constitute three or fewer
directors, all directors may participate in the action regarding whether to
accept the resignation offers. If an incumbent director
offers to resign pursuant to the foregoing paragraph and the resignation offer
is not accepted by the Board of Directors, such director shall continue to serve
until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected, or
his or her earlier resignation or removal. If a director’s resignation is
accepted by the Board of Directors, or if a nominee for director is not elected
and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board of Directors, in
its sole discretion, may fill any resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions
of Section 3.4 hereof or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors
pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.2 hereof. Except as otherwise provided
in the foregoing two paragraphs, each director, including a director elected or
appointed to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until his successor is elected
and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal. Directors need not be
stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these
Bylaws; wherein other qualifications for directors may be prescribed. Election
of directors need not be by written ballot unless so required by the Certificate
of Incorporation or by these Bylaws; wherein other qualifications for directors
may be prescribed. 3.4 Resignation and Vacancies . Any director may resign effective on giving
written notice to the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the
secretary or the board of directors, unless the notice specifies a later time
for that resignation to become effective. If the resignation of a director is
effective at a future time, the board of directors may elect a successor to take
office when the resignation becomes effective. Unless otherwise provided in
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws: (i) Vacancies and newly
      created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number
      of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote
      as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in
      office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each
      director so elected shall hold office for the remainder of the full term
      of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the
      vacancy occurred and until a successor has been elected and
      qualified. (ii) Whenever the holders
      of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect
      one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of
      Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or
      classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by
      such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole
      remaining director so elected. Table of Contents ANNEXES If at any time, by reason of
death or resignation or other cause, the corporation should have no directors in
office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator,
trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like
responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may call a special
meeting of stockholders solely for the purpose of electing directors in
accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an
election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of
Delaware. If, at the time of filling any
vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office
constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately
prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of
any stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent (10%) of the total
number of the then outstanding shares having the right to vote for such
directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or
newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors
then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions
of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as
applicable. 3.5 Removal . Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these Bylaws, prior to the election of directors at the
2018 annual meeting of stockholders, any director or the entire board of
directors may be removed from office only for cause by the holders of a majority
of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors . From and
after the election of directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, any
director or the entire board of directors may be removed from office for cause
or without cause by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to
vote at an election of directors. Table of Contents IMPORTANT ANNUAL MEETING
      INFORMATION Electronic Voting
Instructions Available 24
hours a day, 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may choose one of the voting methods
outlined below to vote your proxy. VALIDATION DETAILS ARE LOCATED
BELOW IN THE TITLE BAR. Proxies submitted by the
Internet or telephone must be received by 1:00 a.m., Central Time, on March 18,
2015. Vote
      by Internet • Go
      to www.envisionreports.com/agilent • Or scan the QR code with
      your smartphone • Follow the steps
      outlined on the secure website Vote by
      telephone • Call toll free
      1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the USA, US territories & Canada on a
      touch tone telephone • Follow the instructions
      provided by the recorded message Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please
      do not write outside the designated areas. Annual Meeting Proxy
      Card ▼ IF YOU
      HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION,
      DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED
      ENVELOPE. ▼ A Proposals — The Board
      recommends a vote FOR all nominees and FOR Proposals 2, 3, 4, and
      5. 1. Election of
      Directors: To elect three directors to a 3-year term. At the annual
      meeting, the Board of Directors intends to present the following nominees
      for election as directors: For Against Abstain For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 01 - Robert J.
      Herbold ☐ ☐ ☐ 02 - Koh Boon
      Hwee ☐ ☐ ☐ 03 - Michael R.
      McMullen ☐ ☐ ☐ For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 2. To ratify the Audit and Finance
      Committee’s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Agilent’s independent
      registered public accounting firm. ☐ ☐ ☐ 3. To re-approve and amend
      the Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Covered
    Employees. ☐ ☐ ☐ 4. To approve amendments to
      our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to
      declassify the Board. ☐ ☐ ☐ 5. To approve, on a
      non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of Agilent’s named executive
      officers. ☐ ☐ ☐ 6. To consider such other
      business as may properly come before the annual meeting. B Non-Voting Items Change of Address — Please print your new
      address below. Comments — Please print your comments
      below. Meeting Attendance Mark the box to the
      right if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. ☐ C Authorized Signatures
      — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. — Date and
      Sign Below Please sign exactly as
      name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as
      attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian,
      or custodian, please give full title. Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the
  box. Table of Contents ▼ IF YOU HAVE
      NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION,
      DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED
      ENVELOPE. ▼ Proxy — AGILENT
      TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Annual Meeting of
Stockholders—March 18, 2015 This Proxy is solicited on behalf
of the Board of Directors. The undersigned hereby
appoints William P. Sullivan and Marie Oh Huber, and each of them, as proxies
for the undersigned, with full power of substitution, to act and to vote all the
shares of Common Stock of Agilent Technologies, Inc. held of record by the
undersigned on January 20, 2015, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on Wednesday, March 18, 2015, or any postponement or adjournment
thereof. IMPORTANT—This Proxy must be
signed and dated on the reverse side. THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY
EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN BY THE UNDERSIGNED
STOCKHOLDER. IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR ITEMS 1, 2,
3, 4 AND 5. In their discretion, the
Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come
before the Annual Meeting. THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID
ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED If you vote by telephone or
the Internet, please DO NOT mail back this proxy card. (Continued and to be voted on
reverse side.)