DEF 14A 1 f38361dedef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  ) Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a- 6(e)(2) ) þ Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 SANDISK CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: N/A (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: N/A (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was
determined): N/A (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: N/A (5) Total fee paid: N/A o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2)
and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the
previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its
filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: N/A (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: N/A (3) Filing Party: N/A (4) Date Filed: N/A Table of Contents SANDISK
    CORPORATION 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, California 95035 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
    STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held May 28,
    2008 To Our Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of SanDisk
    Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
    to be held on May 28, 2008 at 8:00 a.m., local time,
    at the Company’s headquarters, 601 McCarthy Boulevard,
    Milpitas, California 95035, for the following purposes: 1. To elect seven Directors of the Company
    (“Directors”) to serve for the ensuing year and until
    their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. The
    nominees are Dr. Eli Harari, Irwin Federman, Steven J.
    Gomo, Eddy W. Hartenstein, Catherine P. Lego, Michael E. Marks
    and Dr. James D. Meindl. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP
    as the Company’s independent registered public accounting
    firm for the fiscal year ending December 28, 2008. 3. To consider and vote on a stockholder proposal relating
    to majority voting for Directors, if properly presented at the
    Annual Meeting. 4. To transact such other business as may properly come
    before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement
    thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the
    Proxy Statement that accompanies this Notice. The Board of
    Directors has unanimously approved proposals 1 and 2 above
    as described in the Proxy Statement and recommends that you vote
    “FOR” such proposals. The Board of Directors has
    unanimously rejected proposal 3 above as described in the
    Proxy Statement and recommends that you vote “AGAINST”
    such proposal. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on
    March 31, 2008 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
    Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. A
    list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will
    be available for inspection at the executive offices of the
    Company. All stockholders are cordially invited and encouraged to attend
    the Annual Meeting. In any event, to ensure your representation
    at the Annual Meeting, please carefully read the accompanying
    Proxy Statement. Regardless of whether you plan to attend the
    Annual Meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible so
    that your shares will be voted in accordance with your
    instructions. For specific voting instructions, please refer to
    the instructions on the proxy card or on the Internet website at
    the website described on the Notice of Internet Availability of
    Proxy Materials that was mailed to you. Telephone and Internet
    voting are available. If you attend the Annual Meeting and vote
    by ballot, your proxy will be revoked automatically and only
    your vote at the Annual Meeting will be counted. We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Eli Harari Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer Milpitas, California April 11, 2008 ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL
    MEETING IN PERSON. IN ANY EVENT, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION
    AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, WE URGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS
    PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE BY FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS INCLUDED
    WITH THE NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS THAT
    WAS MAILED TO YOU. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT GENERAL INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORT VOTING RIGHTS REVOCABILITY OF PROXIES SOLICITATION OF PROXIES STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES BUSINESS EXPERIENCE OF NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES CONSIDERATION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES DIRECTOR COMPENSATION -- FISCAL 2007 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PROPOSAL NO. 3 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FORM 10-K AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Overview Current Executive Compensation Program Elements Stock Ownership Guidelines Section 162(m) Policy COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE -- FISCAL 2006 and 2007 Compensation of Named Executive Officers GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL 2007 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2007 YEAR-END OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2007 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OTHER BUSINESS Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF
    STOCKHOLDERS OF SANDISK CORPORATION TO BE HELD MAY 28,
    2008 GENERAL This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the
    solicitation by the Board of Directors (the “Board of
    Directors” or the “Board”) of SanDisk
    Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company,”
    “SanDisk,” “we” or “our”), of
    proxies to be voted at the Company’s Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) to be held on
    May 28, 2008, or at any adjournment or postponement
    thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice
    of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders of record at the
    close of business on March 31, 2008 will be entitled to
    vote at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held at
    8:00 a.m., local time, at the Company’s headquarters,
    601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. This Proxy Statement and the proxy card will be made available
    to stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on or
    about April 11, 2008. INTERNET
    AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORT Pursuant to the new rules recently adopted by the Securities and
    Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Company has
    elected to provide access to its proxy materials and the
    Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Proxy Materials”) over the Internet.
    Accordingly, the Company is sending a Notice of Internet
    Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) to its
    stockholders of record and beneficial owners. All stockholders
    will have the ability to access the Proxy Materials on a website
    referred to in the Notice or request to receive a printed set of
    the Proxy Materials. Instructions on how to access the Proxy
    Materials over the Internet or to request a printed copy may be
    found on the Notice. In addition, stockholders may request to
    receive the Proxy Materials in printed form by mail or
    electronically by email on an ongoing basis. The Notice will provide stockholders with instructions regarding
    how to: • View the Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting on the
    Internet; and • Instruct the Company to send its future Proxy Materials to
    stockholders electronically by email. Choosing to receive the future Proxy Materials by email will
    save the Company the cost of printing and mailing documents to
    its stockholders and will reduce the impact of the
    Company’s annual stockholders’ meetings on the
    environment. If a stockholder chooses to receive the future
    Proxy Materials by email, the stockholder will receive an email
    next year with instructions containing a link to those materials
    and a link to the proxy voting site. Any stockholder’s
    election to receive the Proxy Materials by email will remain in
    effect until such stockholder terminates it. VOTING
    RIGHTS The close of business on March 31, 2008 was the record date
    for stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual
    Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. At the
    record date, the Company had approximately
    224,739,318 shares of Common Stock outstanding and entitled
    to vote at the Annual Meeting, held by approximately 495
    stockholders of record. Each holder of record at the close of
    business on March 31, 2008 is entitled to one vote for each
    share of Common Stock so held. In the election of Directors,
    however, cumulative voting is authorized for all stockholders if
    any stockholder gives notice at the meeting, prior to voting for
    the election of Directors, of his, her or its intention to
    cumulate votes. Under cumulative voting, a stockholder may
    cumulate votes and give to one nominee a number of votes equal
    to the number of Directors to be elected (seven at this meeting)
    multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder is
    entitled, or may distribute such number among any or all of the
    nominees. The seven candidates receiving the highest number of
    votes will be elected. The 2 Table of Contents Board is soliciting discretionary authority to vote proxies
    cumulatively in the event a stockholder gives notice of an
    intent to cumulate votes. A majority of the shares of Common
    Stock entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for the
    transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. If any stockholder is unable to attend the Annual Meeting, the
    stockholder may vote by proxy. The proxy is solicited by the
    Board of Directors and, when the proxy card is properly
    completed and returned, or the proxy is granted by telephone or
    through the Internet, the proxy will be voted as directed by the
    stockholder. Stockholders are urged to specify their choices on
    the proxy card or by the telephone or through the Internet
    voting process. If you sign and return the proxy card, or grant
    your proxy by telephone or through the Internet, but do not vote
    on a proposal, in the absence of contrary instructions, the
    shares of Common Stock represented by such proxy will be voted
    FOR Proposals 1 and 2 and AGAINST Proposal 3, and will
    be voted in the proxy holders’ discretion as to other
    matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. The affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares present or
    represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and voting is
    required for the election of Directors of the Company
    (Proposal 1). The affirmative vote of a majority of the
    shares present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and
    entitled to vote is required for the ratification of the
    appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s
    independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 2).
    The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present or
    represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
    is required to approve the stockholder proposal regarding
    majority voting for Directors of the Company (Proposal 3).
    Stockholder votes will be tabulated by a representative of
    Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Abstentions and broker
    non-votes are each included in determining the number of shares
    present and voting at the Annual Meeting for purposes of
    determining the presence or absence of a quorum, and each is
    tabulated separately. Abstentions with respect to any matter
    other than the election of Directors of the Company
    (Proposal 1) will be treated as shares present or
    represented by proxy and entitled to vote on that matter and
    will thus have the same effect as negative votes. If shares are
    not voted by the bank, broker or other financial institution
    which is the record holder of the shares but which does not
    receive voting instructions from the beneficial owners of those
    shares, or if shares are not voted in other circumstances in
    which proxy authority is defective or has been withheld with
    respect to any matter, these non-voted shares, or “broker
    non-votes,” are deemed not to be entitled to vote on the
    matter and accordingly are not counted for purposes of
    determining whether stockholder approval of that matter has been
    obtained with respect to Proposals 2 and 3. REVOCABILITY
    OF PROXIES Any person giving a proxy has the power to revoke it at any time
    before the proxy holder’s exercise. A proxy may be revoked
    by filing with the Secretary of the Company an instrument of
    revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date, or by
    attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. SOLICITATION
    OF PROXIES The Company’s Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for
    the Annual Meeting. The Company will bear the cost of soliciting
    proxies. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to
    brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding shares in
    their names that are beneficially owned by others to forward to
    such beneficial owners. The Company may reimburse such persons
    for the costs they incur to forward the solicitation material to
    such beneficial owners. The original solicitation of proxies may
    be supplemented by solicitation by telephone, facsimile, or
    other means by Directors, officers, employees or agents of the
    Company. No additional compensation will be paid to these
    individuals for these services. The Company has retained a proxy
    solicitation firm, The Altman Group, Inc., to aid it in the
    solicitation process. The Company will pay The Altman Group,
    Inc. a fee equal to $6,000 plus reasonable and customary
    expenses. Following the availability of the proxy materials and
    other soliciting materials, the Company will request brokers,
    custodians, nominees and other record holders to forward proxy
    materials and other soliciting materials to persons for whom
    they hold shares and to request authority for the exercise of
    proxies. In these cases, the Company, upon the request of the
    record holders, will reimburse these holders for their
    reasonable expenses. 3 Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER
    PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE NEXT ANNUAL
    MEETING Proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be
    presented by such stockholders at the Company’s 2009 Annual
    Meeting must be received no later than December 12, 2008 in
    order that they may be included in the proxy statement and form
    of proxy relating to that meeting. In addition, the proxy
    solicited by the Board of Directors for the 2009 Annual Meeting
    will confer discretionary authority to vote on any stockholder
    proposal presented at that meeting, unless the Company receives
    notice of such proposal before February 25, 2009. PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION
    OF DIRECTORS The current Board of Directors consists of seven members with
    one vacancy. The Board of Directors has not nominated an
    individual to fill the vacancy. It is intended that the proxies
    will be voted for the seven nominees named below for election to
    the Company’s Board of Directors unless authority to vote
    for any such nominee is withheld. Each of the seven nominees is
    currently a Director of the Company and was elected to the Board
    of Directors by the stockholders at the last annual meeting.
    Each of the non-employee nominees is independent as defined
    under the SEC and applicable stock exchange rules. Directors
    elected to the Board of Directors will serve for the ensuing
    year and until their respective successors are duly elected and
    qualified. Each nominee has been recommended for nomination by
    the Nominating and Governance Committee, has been nominated by
    the Board of Directors for election and has agreed to serve if
    elected, and the Board of Directors has no reason to believe
    that any nominee will be unavailable or will decline to serve.
    In the event, however, that any nominee is unable or declines to
    serve as a Director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the
    proxies will be voted for any nominee who is designated by the
    current Board of Directors to fill the vacancy. Unless otherwise
    instructed, the proxyholders will vote the proxies received by
    them “FOR” the nominees named below. The seven
    candidates receiving the highest number of the affirmative votes
    of the shares entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be
    elected Directors of the Company. The proxies solicited by this
    Proxy Statement may not be voted for more than seven nominees. NOMINEES Set forth below is information regarding the nominees to the
    Board of Directors. First Elected/Appointed Position(s) with As a Name the Company Age Director Dr. Eli Harari(1) Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer 62 1988 Irwin Federman(2)(3) Vice Chairman of the Board and Lead Independent Director 72 1988 Steven J. Gomo(2) Director 56 2005 Eddy W. Hartenstein(4) Director 57 2005 Catherine P. Lego(2)(5) Director 51 2004 Michael E. Marks(3)(4) Director 57 2003 Dr. James D. Meindl(3) Director 74 1989 (1) Member of the Special Option Committee. (2) Member of the Audit Committee. (3) Member of the Compensation Committee. (4) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. (5) Ms. Lego served as a Director of the Company from 1989 to
    2002 and returned to the Board of Directors in May 2004. 4 Table of Contents BUSINESS
    EXPERIENCE OF NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS Dr. Harari , the founder of SanDisk, has served as
    Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of SanDisk since June
    1988. He was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2006.
    Dr. Harari also served as President from June 1998 to June
    2006. Dr. Harari founded Waferscale Integration, Inc., a
    privately held semiconductor company, in 1983 and was its
    President and Chief Executive Officer from 1983 to 1986, and
    Chairman and Chief Technical Officer from 1986 to 1988. From
    1973 to 1983, Dr. Harari held various management positions
    with Honeywell Inc., Intel Corporation and Hughes
    Microelectronics Ltd. Dr. Harari holds a Ph.D. in Solid
    State Sciences from Princeton University and has more than 100
    patents issued in the field of non-volatile memories and storage
    systems. Mr. Federman has served as a Director of the Company
    since September 1988. Mr. Federman has been a general
    partner in U.S. Venture Partners, a venture capital firm,
    since April 1990. Mr. Federman was President and Chief
    Executive Officer of Monolithic Memories, Inc., a semiconductor
    company, from 1978 to 1987. Prior to serving as President and
    Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Federman was the Chief
    Financial Officer of Monolithic Memories, Inc. Mr. Federman
    also serves as a director for Check Point Software Technologies
    Ltd., a security software company, Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.,
    a semiconductor company, and various private corporations and
    charitable trusts. Mr. Federman holds a B.S. in Economics
    from Brooklyn College and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of
    Engineering from Santa Clara University. Mr. Gomo has served as a Director of the Company
    since December 2005. Mr. Gomo serves as Executive Vice
    President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Network
    Appliance, Inc. Prior to joining Network Appliance, Inc. in
    August 2002, Mr. Gomo served as Chief Financial Officer of
    Gemplus International S.A. from November 2000 to April 2002, as
    Chief Financial Officer of Asera, Inc. from February 2000 to
    November 2000, and as Chief Financial Officer of Silicon
    Graphics, Inc. from February 1998 to February 2000. Previously,
    Mr. Gomo spent 24 years at Hewlett-Packard Company
    serving in various positions including finance, financial
    management, manufacturing and general management. Mr. Gomo
    holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Oregon State
    University and an M.B.A. from Santa Clara University.
    Mr. Gomo was a director of Macromedia, Inc. from April 2004
    to December 2005. Mr. Hartenstein has served as a Director of the
    Company since November 2005. Mr. Hartenstein served as
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of HD Partners
    Acquisition Corporation from its formation in December 2005
    through February 2008. Previously, Mr. Hartenstein served
    as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DIRECTV, Inc., a
    television service provider, from its inception in 1990 through
    2003, when News Corporation purchased a controlling interest in
    the company. He continued as vice chairman of The DIRECTV Group
    through 2004 when he retired. Mr. Hartenstein received a
    B.S. in Aerospace Engineering and Mathematics from California
    State Polytechnic University, Pomona and he received an M.S. in
    Applied Mechanics from the California Institute of Technology.
    He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, was
    inducted into the Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame in 2002
    and received an Emmy for lifetime achievement from the National
    Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in 2007.
    Mr. Hartenstein also serves as a director of XM Satellite
    Radio Holdings Inc., Thomson S.A. (Thomson Multimedia) and the
    City of Hope. Ms. Lego served as a Director of the Company from
    1989 to 2002 and returned to the Board in May 2004.
    Ms. Lego has been a General Partner of The Photonics Fund,
    an early stage venture fund focused on investing in components,
    modules and systems companies for the fiber optics
    telecommunications market since December 1999. She was a general
    partner at Oak Investment Partners from 1981 to 1992.
    Ms. Lego serves as a director and Chair of the Audit
    Committee for WJ Communications, Inc., a public semiconductor
    company in the wireless communications market. Ms. Lego
    also serves as a director and member of the Audit Committee for
    Lam Research Corporation, a provider of wafer fabrication
    equipment and services for the semiconductor industry. She also
    serves as a director and chairs the Audit Committee of
    StrataLight Communication, Inc., a private company which sells
    optical transport equipment. Ms. Lego received a B.A. from
    Williams College and an M.S. in Accounting from the New York
    University Graduate School of Business. She has previously
    practiced as a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Marks has served as a Director of the Company
    since August 2003. Since March 2007, Mr. Marks has managed
    a private equity fund called Riverwood Capital, LLC (formerly
    Bigwood Capital) which invests in rapidly growing private
    companies in North America and in emerging markets. From August
    to November 2007, Mr. Marks held the position of interim
    Chief Executive Officer at Tesla Motors, Inc., a company
    producing electric sports cars. 5 Table of Contents Prior to Riverwood, Mr. Marks was a senior adviser of
    Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., a private equity firm,
    from January 2007 to March 2007. From January 2006 until January
    2007, Mr. Marks was a member of Kohlberg Kravis
    Roberts & Co. From January 1994 to January 2006,
    Mr. Marks served as the Chief Executive Officer of
    Flextronics, Inc., a leading producer of advanced electronic
    manufacturing services. Mr. Marks served as a director of
    Flextronics from 1991 to January 2008. He was appointed Chairman
    of the Board of Flextronics effective upon his retirement as
    Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2006 until his
    retirement from the Board of Flextronics in January 2008, and he
    previously served as Chairman of the Board of Flextronics from
    1993 to January 2003. Since April 25, 2007, Mr. Marks
    has served as a director of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and, since
    August 1, 2007, as a member of its Audit Committee.
    Mr. Marks also serves as a director of Crocs, Inc., a
    designer, manufacturer and marketer of footwear for men, women
    and children, Schlumberger Limited, an oil services company, and
    The V Foundation for Cancer Research. Mr. Marks received a
    B.A. and an M.A. from Oberlin College and an M.B.A. from Harvard
    Business School. Dr. Meindl has served as a Director of the Company
    since March 1989. Dr. Meindl has been the Joseph M. Pettit
    Chair Professor of Microelectronics at the Georgia Institute of
    Technology in Atlanta, Georgia, since 1993. From 1986 to 1993,
    Dr. Meindl served as Senior Vice President for Academic
    Affairs and Provost of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. While
    at Stanford University from 1967 to 1986, he was the John M.
    Fluke Professor of Electrical Engineering and Director of the
    Stanford Electronics Laboratory and the Center for Integrated
    Systems. Dr. Meindl serves as a director of Zoran
    Corporation, a leading provider of digital solutions-on-a-chip for applications in the consumer electronics and digital imaging
    markets. He received the 2006 IEEE Medal of Honor, the highest
    award presented by IEEE. Dr. Meindl holds a B.S., M.S. and
    Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University. BOARD
    MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES The Board of Directors held five meetings and acted by unanimous
    written consent one time during fiscal 2007. During fiscal 2007,
    each member of the Board of Directors attended or participated
    in seventy-five percent (75%) or more of the aggregate of
    (i) the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors
    held during the fiscal year or the portion thereof following
    such person’s appointment to the Board and (ii) the
    total number of meetings held by all committees on which such
    Director served during the past fiscal year or the portion
    thereof following such person’s appointment to one or more
    of those committees. There are no family relationships among
    executive officers or Directors of the Company. The Board of
    Directors has an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a
    Nominating and Governance Committee, a Special Option Committee
    and a Secondary Executive Committee. Communications
    with the Board The Company encourages stockholder communications with its Board
    of Directors. Any stockholder communications with the Board of
    Directors may be submitted either via postal mail or email. Postal
    Mail Postal mail submissions should be directed to the following
    address: Board of Directors c/o Investor Relations SanDisk Corporation 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, CA 95035 Email Individuals may also communicate with the Board by submitting an
    email to the Company’s Board at BOD@sandisk.com. Email
    submitted to this email address will be relayed to all Directors. 6 Table of Contents Communications
    Intended for Non-Management Directors Communications that are intended specifically for non-management
    Directors should be sent to the postal or email address above to
    the attention of the Chair of the Nominating and Governance
    Committee. Company
    Policy Regarding Board Member Attendance at Annual
    Meetings The Company encourages attendance at its Annual Meeting of
    Stockholders by each incumbent Director and each nominee to the
    Board. All of the incumbent Directors members attended the
    Company’s 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Audit
    Committee The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Audit
    Committee”) held eight meetings during fiscal 2007. The
    Audit Committee, which consists of Directors Federman, Gomo and
    Lego, oversees on behalf of the Board of Directors the integrity
    of the Company’s financial statements, the appointment,
    compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of
    the Company’s independent registered public accounting
    firm, the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory
    requirements and the performance of the Company’s internal
    accounting, audit and financial controls. The Audit Committee is
    authorized to conduct investigations, and to retain, at the
    expense of the Company, independent legal, accounting, or other
    professional consultants selected by the Audit Committee, for
    any matters relating to its purposes. The Board of Directors
    adopted and approved a revised written charter for the Audit
    Committee in March 2008 that reflects new AICPA standards on
    non-audit services. A copy of this charter is available on the
    Company’s website at www.sandisk.com. The Board of
    Directors has determined that each of the members of this
    Committee is an “audit committee financial expert” as
    defined by the SEC. The Board of Directors has also determined
    that each member of the Audit Committee is an “independent
    director” as defined in Rule 4200 of the Marketplace
    Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
    and also meets the additional criteria for independence of Audit
    Committee members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Compensation
    Committee The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the
    “Compensation Committee”) held five meetings during
    fiscal 2007. The Compensation Committee, which consists of
    Directors Federman, Marks and Meindl, establishes the general
    compensation policies of the Company and reviews and approves
    compensation of the executive officers of the Company. The Board
    of Directors adopted a charter for the Compensation Committee in
    February 2003, which was last amended in February 2007. A copy
    of this charter is available on the Company’s website at
    www.sandisk.com. The charter requires that the Compensation
    Committee consist of no fewer than two Board members who satisfy
    the independence requirements of NASDAQ and applicable law. At
    all times during fiscal 2007, the Compensation Committee
    consisted of three Board members, each of whom the Board has
    affirmatively determined satisfies these independence
    requirements. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee’s
    responsibilities include the following: • review and approve the corporate goals and objectives relevant
    to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and, in
    consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, other executive
    officers; • evaluate the Chief Executive Officer’s performance (and, in
    consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the other
    executive officers’ performance) in light of such goals and
    objectives; • set officers’ compensation levels based on such evaluation
    and other factors deemed appropriate, including the
    Company’s performance and relative stockholder return, the
    value of incentive awards to executive officers at comparable
    companies and the awards given to the Company’s officers in
    past years; • review and approve significant employment agreements, separation
    and severance agreements, arrangements or transactions with
    executive officers, including any arrangements having any
    compensatory effect or purpose; 7 Table of Contents • review and assist the Board in developing succession plans for
    executive officers in consultation with the Chief Executive
    Officer, other members of the Board and other appropriate
    management personnel; • review and recommend to the Board appropriate director
    compensation programs for non-employee directors, committee
    chairs and committee members, consistent with any applicable
    requirements of the listing standards and applicable laws for
    independent directors and including consideration of cash and
    equity components; • develop and periodically assess the Compensation
    Committee’s compensation policies applicable to the
    Company’s executive officers and Directors, including the
    relationship of corporate performance to executive compensation,
    and periodically review the Company’s criteria and assess
    and make recommendations to the Board concerning the
    Company’s stock and incentive compensation plans, including
    the impact of stock compensation plans on stockholder value and
    the impact of dilution from the Company stock plans; • approve stock option grants and other equity-based or incentive
    awards under the Company’s stock and incentive compensation
    plans, including any performance criteria to the plans of
    awards, and otherwise assist the Board in administering awards
    under these plans; • have sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation
    consulting firm used to evaluate executive or director
    compensation, including to approve the consulting firm’s
    fees and other retention terms; • timely review and approve the disclosures on executive
    compensation and prepare a report to the Board recommending that
    such disclosure be included in the Company’s annual proxy
    statement; and • perform any other activities consistent with the Compensation
    Committee charter, the bylaws and applicable listing standards
    and laws as the Compensation Committee or the Board considers
    appropriate. Our Chief Executive Officer recommends to the Compensation
    Committee salary, annual bonus and long-term compensation levels
    for less senior officers, including the other Named Executive
    Officers (as defined below under “Compensation Discussion
    and Analysis”), in accordance with the Compensation
    Committee charter. Our President and Chief Operating Officer
    assists the Chief Executive Officer in reviewing performance and
    formulating these recommendations to the Compensation Committee.
    Our Chief Financial Officer provides financial and other
    information to the Compensation Committee to assist in
    determining appropriate compensation levels. Other Named
    Executive Officers do not currently have any role in determining
    or recommending the form or amount of compensation paid to our
    Named Executive Officers and our other senior executive officers. The Board has delegated concurrent authority to the Compensation
    Committee and the Special Option Committee to grant share-based
    awards (including stock options and stock units) to employees
    who are not subject to Section 16 of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Section 16
    officers”). The Special Option Committee may not grant
    share-based awards to Directors. The Special Option Committee
    may consist of one or more directors, and currently consists of
    one director, Dr. Harari. The Special Option Committee took
    action by written consent 44 times during fiscal 2007. The Board
    has also delegated authority to the Secondary Executive
    Committee to grant stock options (but not stock units or other
    equity awards) to non-Section 16 officers and non-directors. The Secondary Executive Committee may be comprised of one or
    more officers of the Company, and is currently comprised of two
    officers, Sanjay Mehrotra, the Company’s President and
    Chief Operating Officer, and Judy Bruner, the Company’s
    Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial
    Officer. Share-based awards to Section 16 officers are made
    by the Compensation Committee. The Secondary Executive Committee
    took action by written consent 26 times during fiscal 2007. As indicated above, pursuant to its charter, the Compensation
    Committee has the power, in its discretion, to retain at the
    Company’s expense, such independent counsel and other
    advisors and experts as it deems necessary or appropriate to
    carry out the Compensation Committee’s duties. The Board
    delegates to the Compensation Committee the express authority to
    decide whether to retain a compensation consultant to assist in
    the evaluation of compensation pursuant to its charter. If the
    Compensation Committee decides in its discretion to retain such
    a firm, the Board delegates to the Compensation Committee the
    sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation
    consultant engaged to assist in the evaluation of the
    compensation of the Company’s senior executive 8 Table of Contents officers (including all of the Named Executive Officers). The
    Compensation Committee has not retained the services of a
    compensation consulting firm. From time to time, management has
    retained and consulted with its own outside advisors, including
    compensation consultants, to assist in analyzing the
    Company’s peer group and preparing recommendations to the
    Compensation Committee regarding compensation programs and
    levels. Nominating
    and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of
    Directors (the “Nominating and Governance Committee”)
    held three meetings during fiscal 2007 and met subsequent to the
    end of the last fiscal year to recommend to the full Board each
    of the nominees for election to the Board of Directors, as
    presented herein. The Nominating and Governance Committee
    consists of Directors Marks and Hartenstein. The Nominating and
    Governance Committee identifies, considers and recommends
    director nominees to be selected by the Board of Directors for
    submission to vote at the Company’s annual stockholder
    meetings and to fill vacancies occurring between annual
    stockholder meetings, implements the Board’s criteria for
    selecting new Directors, develops or reviews and recommends
    corporate governance policies for the Board, and oversees the
    Board’s annual evaluation process. The Nominating and
    Governance Committee is also authorized to conduct
    investigations and to retain, at the expense of the Company,
    independent legal, accounting, financial, governance or other
    professional consultants selected by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee, for any matters relating to its purposes.
    The Board of Directors adopted a charter for the Nominating and
    Governance Committee in February 2003, which was last amended in
    February 2007. A copy of this charter is available on the
    Company’s website at www.sandisk.com. The Board of
    Directors has determined that each of the members of the
    Nominating and Governance Committee is an “independent
    director” as defined in Rule 4200 of the Marketplace
    Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. CONSIDERATION
    OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Stockholder-Recommended
    Nominees The policy of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to
    consider properly submitted stockholder recommendations for
    nominees for membership on the Board as described below under
    “Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors.”
    In evaluating the recommended nominees, the Nominating and
    Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge,
    experience and capability on the Board and to address the
    membership criteria set forth under “Director
    Qualifications.” The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider
    recommendations for nominees from stockholders. Stockholders may
    recommend individuals for consideration by submitting the
    materials set forth below to the Chair of the Nominating and
    Governance Committee at the Company’s address. If the
    nominees are intended to be considered by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee for recommendation to the Board for the
    slate of Directors to be voted on at the Company’s annual
    meeting of stockholders (“Annual Meeting Nominees”),
    the written materials must be submitted within the time
    permitted for submission of a stockholder proposal for inclusion
    in the Company’s proxy statement for the subject annual
    meeting and such submission must also comply with the provisions
    for stockholder proposals set forth in the Company’s
    Bylaws. For all other vacancies, the written materials must be
    submitted at least 30 days prior to the time that the
    Nominating and Governance Committee meets to consider candidates
    for any vacancy. Stockholder nominees that are not Annual
    Meeting Nominees shall be considered if and when the Board
    determines to fill any vacancy on the Board. The written materials must include: (1) all information
    relating to the individual recommended that is required to be
    disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including, with respect to
    Annual Meeting Nominees, such person’s written consent to
    being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and, with
    respect to all nominees, such person’s written consent to
    serving as a Director if elected); (2) the name(s) and
    address(es) of the stockholder(s) making the recommendation and
    the amount of the Company’s securities owned beneficially
    and of record by such stockholder(s); (3) appropriate
    biographical information (including a business address and a
    telephone number) and a statement as to the individual’s
    qualifications, with a focus on the criteria described below
    under “Director Qualifications”; (4) a
    representation that the stockholder is a 9 Table of Contents holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote on the
    date of submission of such written materials; and (5) any
    material interest of the stockholder in the recommended
    nomination. Any stockholder nominations recommended for consideration by the
    Nominating and Governance Committee should be addressed to: Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee SanDisk Corporation 601 McCarthy Boulevard Milpitas, CA 95035 Director
    Qualifications The Nominating and Governance Committee has established the
    following minimum criteria for evaluating prospective Board
    candidates: • Reputation for integrity, strong moral character and adherence
    to high ethical standards; • Holds or has held a generally recognized position of leadership
    in the community and/or chosen field of endeavor, and has demonstrated high levels of
    accomplishment; • Demonstrated business acumen and experience, and ability to
    exercise sound business judgment in matters that relate to the
    current and long-term objectives of the Company; • Ability to read and understand basic financial statements and
    other financial information pertaining to the Company; • Commitment to understand the Company and its business, industry
    and strategic objectives; • Commitment and ability to regularly attend and participate in
    meetings of the Board of Directors, Board Committees and
    stockholders, the number of other company boards on which the
    candidate serves and ability to generally fulfill all
    responsibilities as a Director of the Company; • Willingness to represent and act in the interests of all
    stockholders of the Company rather than the interests of a
    particular group; • Good health and ability to serve; • For prospective non-employee Directors, independence under the
    SEC and applicable stock exchange rules, and the absence of any
    conflict of interest (whether due to a business or personal
    relationship) or legal impediment to, or restriction on, the
    nominee serving as a director; and • Willingness to accept the nomination to serve as a Director of
    the Company. Other
    Factors for Potential Consideration The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider the
    following factors in connection with its evaluation of each
    prospective nominee: • Whether the prospective nominee will foster a diversity of
    skills and experiences; • Whether the nominee possesses the requisite education, training
    and experience to qualify as “financially literate” or
    as an “audit committee financial expert” under the
    applicable SEC and stock exchange rules; • For incumbent Directors standing for re-election, the Nominating
    and Governance Committee will assess the incumbent
    Director’s performance during his or her term, including
    the number of meetings attended, level of participation, and
    overall contribution to the Company; the number of other company
    boards on which the individual serves; the composition of the
    Board at that time; any changed circumstances affecting the
    individual Director, which may bear on his or her ability to
    continue to serve on the Board; and the Company’s
    retirement policy for directors, as set forth in its Corporate
    Governance Principles; and 10 Table of Contents • Composition of the Board and whether the prospective nominee
    will add to or complement the Board’s existing strengths. Identifying
    and Evaluating Nominees for Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee initiates the process by
    preparing a slate of potential candidates who, based on their
    biographical information and other information available to the
    Nominating and Governance Committee, appear to meet the criteria
    specified above and/or who
    have specific qualities, skills or experience being sought
    (based on input from the full Board). • Outside Advisors. The Nominating and
    Governance Committee may engage a third-party search firm or
    other advisors to assist in identifying prospective nominees. • Nomination of Incumbent Directors. The
    re-nomination of existing Directors is not automatic, but is
    based on continuing qualification under the criteria set forth
    above and the Corporate Governance Principles of the Company. • Management Directors. The number of officers
    or employees of the Company serving at any time on the Board
    should be limited such that, at all times, a majority of the
    Directors is “independent” under the applicable SEC
    and stock exchange rules. After reviewing appropriate biographical information and
    qualifications, first-time candidates the Nominating and
    Governance Committee proposes to include on the slate of
    potential candidates described above, including those proposed
    to fill any vacancy, will be interviewed by at least one member
    of the Nominating and Governance Committee and by the Chief
    Executive Officer. Upon completion of the above procedures, the
    Nominating and Governance Committee shall determine the list of
    potential candidates to be recommended to the full Board for
    nomination at the annual meeting or to fill any vacancy on the
    Board. The Board of Directors will select the slate of nominees,
    including any nominee to fill a vacancy, only from candidates
    identified, screened and approved by the Nominating and
    Governance Committee. Special
    Option Committee The Special Option Committee of the Board of Directors has the
    authority to grant options and stock units solely to employees
    other than Section 16 officers and Directors. The Special
    Option Committee, comprised of Director Harari, acted by written
    consent on 44 occasions during fiscal 2007. The Special Option
    Committee acts pursuant to limiting guidelines adopted by the
    Board of Directors. Secondary
    Executive Committee The Secondary Executive Committee of the Board of Directors has
    the authority to grant stock options (but not stock units or
    other share-based awards) to employees other than
    Section 16 officers and Directors. The Secondary Executive
    Committee may be comprised of one or more officers of the
    Company and is currently comprised of Mr. Mehrotra and
    Ms. Bruner. Each of Mr. Mehrotra and Ms. Bruner
    may act independently on behalf of the Secondary Executive
    Committee. The Secondary Executive Committee acted by written
    consent on 26 occasions during fiscal 2007. The Secondary
    Executive Committee acts pursuant to limiting guidelines adopted
    by the Board of Directors. 11 Table of Contents DIRECTOR
    COMPENSATION — FISCAL 2007 The following table presents information regarding the
    compensation paid during fiscal 2007 to individuals who were
    members of our Board of Directors at any time during fiscal 2007
    and who were not also our employees (referred to herein as
    “Non-Employee Directors”). The compensation paid to
    any director who was also one of our employees during fiscal
    2007 is presented below in the Summary Compensation
    Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007 and the related
    explanatory tables. Such employee-directors are generally not entitled to receive additional compensation
    for their services as directors. Fees Earned or Paid in Stock Option All Other Cash Awards Awards Compensation Total Name ($) ($)(1)(2)(3) ($)(1)(2)(3) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Irwin Federman 72,000 77,517 192,363 — 341,880 Steven J. Gomo 60,000 126,890 168,045 — 354,935 Eddy W. Hartenstein 47,500 153,318 309,144 — 509,962 Catherine P. Lego 70,000 77,517 716,324 — 881,341 Michael E. Marks 59,500 77,517 663,628 — 800,645 Dr. James D. Meindl 47,500 77,517 192,363 — 317,380 (1) The amounts reported in columns (c) and (d) above
    reflect the aggregate dollar amounts recognized for stock awards
    and option awards, respectively, for financial statement
    reporting purposes with respect to fiscal 2007 (disregarding any
    estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting
    conditions). For a discussion of the assumptions and
    methodologies used to calculate the amounts reported in columns
    (c) and (d) above, please see the discussion of stock
    and option awards contained in Note 8 (“Compensation
    and Benefits”) to the Company’s Consolidated Financial
    Statements, included as part of the Company’s 2007 Annual
    Report filed on Form 10-K, which note is incorporated herein by reference. (2) As described below, in fiscal 2007 we granted each of our
    Non-Employee Directors an award of 6,250 stock options and 1,842
    restricted stock units. Each of the stock option awards had a
    value (for financial statement reporting purposes) equal to
    $86,374 on the grant date, and each of the restricted stock unit
    awards had a value (for financial statement reporting purposes)
    equal to $77,364 on the grant date. See footnote (1) above
    for the assumptions used to value these awards. (3) The following table presents the number of outstanding and
    unexercised option awards and the number of unvested stock
    awards (which term includes restricted stock units for purposes
    of this Proxy Statement) held by each of our Non-Employee
    Directors as of December 31, 2007. Number of Shares Subject to Number of Unvested Outstanding Option Awards Shares or Director as of 12/31/07 Units as of 12/31/07 Irwin Federman 18,750 8,092 Steven J. Gomo 31,250 23,868 Eddy W. Hartenstein 37,500 23,658 Catherine P. Lego 116,750 40,092 Michael E. Marks 114,750 8,092 Dr. James D. Meindl 82,750 8,092 12 Table of Contents Director
    Compensation Compensation for Non-Employee Directors during fiscal 2007
    generally consisted of an annual retainer, committee membership
    fees and annual share-based awards. Annual
    Retainer and Committee Membership Fees The following table sets forth the schedule of the annual
    retainer and committee membership fees for each Non-Employee
    Director in effect during fiscal 2007: Type of Fee Dollar Amount Annual Board Retainer $ 40,000 Additional Annual Fee to Chair of Audit Committee $ 30,000 Additional Annual Fee to Chairs of Compensation Committee and
    Nominating and Governance Committee $ 12,000 Additional Annual Fee to non-Chair Member of Audit Committee $ 20,000 Additional Annual Fee to non-Chair Member of Compensation
    Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee $ 7,500 All Non-Employee Directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket
    expenses they incur serving as directors. Share-Based
    Awards Under our Non-Employee Director compensation policy as currently
    in effect, a Non-Employee Director who first takes office and
    who has not been employed by the Company in the preceding twelve
    months receives, at the time of his or her election or
    appointment to the Board, (i) an initial option grant to
    purchase 25,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock
    (the “Initial Option Grant”), and (ii) an initial
    restricted stock unit grant for a number of units determined by
    dividing $320,000 by the average closing price per share of
    Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the five
    trading days ended on, and including, the grant date (the
    “Initial Unit Grant”). Each Non-Employee Director who
    has served in that capacity for at least six months at the time
    of grant also receives an annual award consisting of (i) an
    option grant to purchase 6,250 shares of Common Stock (the
    “Annual Option Grant”), and (ii) a restricted
    stock unit grant for a number of units determined by dividing
    $80,000 by the average closing price per share of Common Stock
    on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the five trading days
    ended on, and including, the grant date (the “Annual Unit
    Grant”). The initial and annual awards described above are
    granted under, and are subject to, the Company’s 2005
    Incentive Plan (the “2005 Plan”). Initial
    and Annual Stock Option Grants. The Initial and Annual Option Grants are granted with a
    per-share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a
    share of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date. For
    these purposes, and in accordance with the terms of the 2005
    Plan and the Company’s share-based award grant practices,
    the fair market value is equal to the closing price of a share
    of the Company’s Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select
    Market on the grant date. The stock options granted to Non-Employee Directors are
    immediately exercisable. However, upon a Non-Employee
    Director’s cessation of service with the Company, any
    shares purchased upon exercise of the option that have not
    vested (as described below) are subject to repurchase by the
    Company at the lower of (i) the exercise price paid for the
    shares or (ii) the fair market value of the shares at the
    time of repurchase (as determined under the 2005 Plan). This
    type of stock option is generally referred to as an “early
    exercise” stock option because the holder is permitted to
    exercise the option prior to the time that the underlying shares
    vest. Subject to the Non-Employee Director’s continued
    service, the shares subject to the Initial Option Grant vest,
    and the Company’s repurchase right lapses, in four
    substantially equal annual installments on each of the first
    through fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to the
    Non-Employee Director’s continued service, the shares
    subject to the Annual Option Grant vest, and the Company’s
    repurchase right lapses, in one installment on the earlier of
    (i) first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the
    day immediately preceding the next annual meeting of the
    Company’s stockholders following the grant date. 13 Table of Contents Once vested, each option will generally remain exercisable for
    fully vested shares of Common Stock ( i.e. , shares which
    are not subject to the Company’s repurchase right) until
    its normal expiration date. Each of the options granted to our
    Non-Employee Directors under the 2005 Plan has a term of seven
    years. However, vested stock options may terminate earlier in
    connection with a change in control of the Company. Shares
    subject to the option that have not vested will immediately
    terminate (or be subject to the Company’s repurchase right
    to the extent already purchased under the option) upon the
    cessation of the Non-Employee Director’s service. However,
    the shares subject to options vest, and the Company’s
    repurchase right lapses, in full if the Non-Employee
    Director’s cessation of service is as a result of the
    director’s death or permanent disability. Non-Employee
    Directors generally have twelve months to exercise the vested
    portion of the option following a cessation of service. The options granted to Non-Employee Directors do not include any
    dividend or dividend equivalent rights. However, Non-Employee
    Directors are entitled to dividends with respect to shares
    purchased under an option, whether or not such shares have
    vested under the option, at the same rate as of the
    Company’s other stockholders. Initial
    and Annual Restricted Stock Unit Grants. Each restricted stock unit awarded to our Non-Employee Directors
    represents a contractual right to receive one share of the
    Company’s Common Stock if the time-based vesting
    requirements described below are satisfied. Restricted stock
    units are credited to a bookkeeping account established by the
    Company on behalf of each Non-Employee Director. Subject to the Non-Employee Director’s continued service,
    the units subject to the Initial Unit Grant vest in four
    substantially equal annual installments on each of the first
    through fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to the
    Non-Employee Director’s continued service, the units
    subject to the Annual Unit Grant vest in one installment on the
    earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or
    (ii) the day immediately preceding the next annual meeting
    of the Company’s stockholders following the grant date.
    Upon the cessation of the Non-Employee Director’s service,
    any unvested restricted stock units will generally terminate.
    However, restricted stock units granted to a Non-Employee
    Director vest in full if the Non-Employee Director’s
    cessation of service is as a result of the director’s death
    or permanent disability. Restricted stock units will generally be paid in an equivalent
    number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock as they
    become vested. Non-Employee Directors are not entitled to voting
    or dividend rights with respect to the restricted stock units,
    and the restricted stock units generally may not be transferred,
    except to the Company or to a beneficiary of the Non-Employee
    Director upon his or her death. Non-Employee Directors are,
    however, entitled to the following dividend equivalent rights
    with respect to the restricted stock units. If the Company pays
    a cash dividend on its Common Stock and the dividend record date
    occurs after the grant date and before all of the restricted
    stock units have either been paid or terminated, then the
    Company will credit the Non-Employee Director’s bookkeeping
    account with an amount equal to (i) the per-share cash
    dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock with respect to
    the dividend record date, multiplied by (ii) the total
    number of outstanding and unpaid restricted stock units
    (including any unvested restricted stock units) as of the
    dividend record date. These dividend equivalents will be subject
    to the same vesting, payment and other terms and conditions as
    the original restricted stock units to which they relate (except
    that the dividend equivalents may be paid in cash or such other
    form as the plan administrator may deem appropriate). The Board of Directors administers the 2005 Plan as to
    Non-Employee Director awards and has the ability to interpret
    and make all required determinations under the plan, subject to
    plan limits. This authority includes making required
    proportionate adjustments to outstanding awards to reflect any
    impact resulting from various corporate events such as
    reorganizations, mergers and stock splits. Pursuant to the terms
    of the 2005 Plan, stock options and restricted stock units
    granted to our Non-Employee Directors may vest on an accelerated
    basis in connection with a change in control of the Company. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the shares
    present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting
    and entitled to vote on Proposal No. 1 is required for
    approval of Proposal No. 1. 14 Table of Contents Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 1 is in the
    Company’s best interests and in the best interests of its
    stockholders and recommends a vote FOR the election of all of
    the above nominees. PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as
    the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm
    for the fiscal year ending December 28, 2008, and is asking
    the Company’s stockholders to ratify this appointment. The
    affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
    present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and
    entitled to vote on this Proposal No. 2 will be
    required to ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP. In the event the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment,
    the Audit Committee will reconsider its appointment of
    Ernst & Young LLP as the Company’s independent
    registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
    December 28, 2008. Even if this appointment is ratified,
    the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the
    appointment of a different independent registered public
    accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit
    Committee determines that such a change would be in the best
    interests of the Company and its stockholders. Ernst & Young LLP has audited the Company’s
    financial statements annually since 1991. Its representatives
    are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have the
    opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and
    will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the Ernst & Young LLP
    fees incurred by the Company for professional services rendered
    during the 2007 and 2006 fiscal years: 2007 2006 (a) Audit Fees $ 3,922,000 $ 3,424,000 (b) Audit-Related Fees 219,000 178,000 (c) Tax Fees 627,000 474,000 (d) All Other Fees 57,000 6,000 (a) Audit fees consist of professional services provided in
    connection with the integrated audit of the Company’s
    financial statements and review of the Company’s quarterly
    financial statements that include professional services provided
    in connection with the annual audit of the Company’s
    internal control over financial reporting. The fees for fiscal
    2007 include professional services provided in connection with
    the msystems Ltd. acquisition and new and existing statutory
    audits of subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company. (b) Audit-related fees consist primarily of accounting
    consultations, services provided in connection with regulatory
    filings, technical accounting guidance and other attestation
    services. (c) For fiscal years 2007 and 2006, tax fees principally included
    tax compliance fees, including expatriate compliance services.
    Total compliance fees were $407,000 and $302,000 for fiscal 2007
    and 2006, respectively. Tax fees also include tax advice and tax
    planning fees of $220,000 and $172,000 for fiscal 2007 and 2006,
    respectively. (d) All other fees includes online research tools, grant funding
    requests and other services. All of the 2007 services described above were pre-approved by
    the Audit Committee to the extent required by Section 10A
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which
    requires audit committee pre-approval of audit and non-audit
    services provided by the Company’s independent registered
    public accounting firm. In accordance with Section 10A
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Audit
    Committee may delegate to any member of the Audit Committee
    (referred to as the “Audit Committee Delegate”) the
    authority 15 Table of Contents to pre-approve services not prohibited by law to be performed by
    the Company’s independent registered public accounting
    firm. The Audit Committee has appointed Catherine P. Lego as the
    Audit Committee Delegate and, as such, Ms. Lego reports any
    decision to pre-approve permissible services to the full Audit
    Committee at its next regular meeting. In addition, from time to
    time, the Audit Committee has adopted and/or revised a Pre-Approval Policy under which particular services or
    categories of services are pre-approved, subject to certain
    specified maximum dollar amounts. Such pre-approval is generally
    granted for a term of twelve (12) months from the date of
    pre-approval and automatically renews at the end of the one-year
    period unless revoked or revised by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has concluded that the provision of the
    audit-related services, tax services and other non-audit
    services identified above is compatible with the principal
    accountants’ independence. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
    present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting
    and entitled to vote on Proposal No. 2 is required to
    ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 28, 2008. Should such
    stockholder approval not be obtained, the Audit Committee will
    reconsider its appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 28, 2008. Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 2 is in the
    Company’s best interests and in the best interests of its
    stockholders and recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the
    appointment of Ernst & Young LLP to serve as the
    Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
    the fiscal year ending December 28, 2008. PROPOSAL NO. 3 STOCKHOLDER
    PROPOSAL REGARDING MAJORITY VOTING FOR THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The United Brotherhood of Carpenters Pension Fund, 101
    Constitution Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20001, a
    beneficial owner of 3,629 shares of Common Stock, has
    notified us that it intends to present the following proposal at
    the meeting: Stockholder
    Proposal RESOLVED, that the shareholders of the Company hereby request
    that the Board of Directors initiate the appropriate process to
    amend the Company’s governance documents (certificate of
    incorporation or bylaws) to provide that director’s
    nominees shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the
    majority of votes cast at an annual meeting of shareholders,
    with a plurality vote standard retained for contested director
    elections, that is when the number of director nominees exceeds
    the number of board seats. Supporting
    Statement In order to provide shareholders a meaningful role in director
    elections, our Company’s director election vote standard
    should be changed to a majority vote standard. A majority vote
    standard would require that a nominee receive a majority of the
    votes cast in order to be elected. The standard is particularly
    well-suited for the vast majority of director elections in which
    only board nominated candidates are on the ballot. We believe
    that a majority vote standard in board elections would establish
    a challenging vote standard for board nominees and improve the
    performance of individual directors and entire boards. Our
    Company presently uses a plurality vote standard in all director
    elections. Under the plurality vote standard, a nominee for the
    board can be elected with as little as a single affirmative
    vote, even if a substantial majority of the votes cast are
    “withheld” from the nominee. 16 Table of Contents In response to strong shareholder support for a majority vote
    standard in director elections, an increasing number of the
    nation’s leading companies, including Intel, General
    Electric, Motorola, Hewlett-Packard, Morgan Stanley, Wal-Mart,
    Home Depot, Gannett, Marathon Oil, and recently Pfizer have
    adopted a majority vote standard in company bylaws or articles
    of incorporation. Additionally, these companies have adopted
    director resignation policies in their bylaws or corporate
    governance policies to address post-election issues related to
    the status of director nominees that fail to win election. Other
    companies have responded only partially to the call for change
    by simply adopting post-election director resignation policies
    that set procedures for addressing the status of director
    nominees that receive more “withheld” votes than
    “for” votes. At the time of this proposal submission,
    our Company and its board had not taken either action. We believe that a post-election director resignation policy
    without a majority vote standard in company bylaws or articles
    is an inadequate reform. The first critical step in establishing
    a meaningful majority vote policy is the adoption of a majority
    vote standard. With a majority vote standard in place, the board
    can then consider action on developing post-election procedures
    to address the status of directors that fail to win election. A
    majority vote standard combined with a post-election director
    resignation policy would establish a meaningful right for
    shareholders to elect directors, and reserve for the board an
    important post-election role in determining the continued status
    of an unelected director. We feel that this combination of the
    majority vote standard with a post-election policy represents a
    true majority standard. SanDisk’s
    Statement in Opposition to Proposal No. 3 The Board of Directors believes this proposal does not serve the
    best interests of the Company or its stockholders and recommends
    a vote AGAINST it. This proposal requests that the Company initiate a process to
    amend its governance documents to provide a majority voting
    standard for director elections so that stockholders have a
    “meaningful role in director elections.” However, we
    believe that our strong corporate governance practices and
    director election process currently provide stockholders a
    meaningful and important role in the election of directors. Like
    most large public companies incorporated in Delaware, we
    currently use a plurality voting standard, the default standard
    under Delaware law, which provides that the nominees who receive
    the most affirmative votes are elected to serve as our
    directors. We also provide stockholders with the ability to
    express their preferences in the election of directors by
    cumulating their votes. As discussed below, cumulative voting,
    which most public companies do not permit but is widely
    recognized as a corporate governance mechanism designed to
    protect stockholders’ rights, gives our stockholders unique
    leverage in voting on the election of directors. Cumulative Voting Provides Stockholders a Meaningful Role in
    the Director Election Process Retaining the plurality vote standard is particularly advisable
    in the Company’s case because our stockholders have the
    ability to express their preferences in the election of
    directors by cumulating their votes. Cumulative voting, which
    most public companies do not allow but is universally recognized
    as protecting stockholders’ rights, gives our stockholders
    unique leverage in voting on the election of directors. It
    allows each stockholder to cast all of his or her available
    votes in director elections for a single director nominee,
    thereby enhancing the voting power of minority stockholders.
    While the rules governing director elections are well understood
    when cumulative voting rights are exercised under a plurality
    vote standard, cumulative voting under a majority vote standard
    presents technical and legal issues for which there is almost no
    precedent. The Company’s voting system must be a reliable process for
    the election of qualified directors to represent the interests
    of all of our stockholders. In the absence of uniform, workable
    standards that can be consistently applied by all companies and
    that take into account the special circumstances of companies
    with cumulative voting, the Company believes it would be
    inappropriate to adopt a majority voting standard. The Proposed Voting Standard is not Tailored to Address the
    Benefits to the Company’s Stockholders that Result from
    Cumulative Voting The proponent argues that under the plurality vote standard a
    director could be elected with “a single affirmative vote,
    even if a substantial majority of the votes cast are
    ’withheld’ from the nominee.” However, that
    remote, theoretical possibility does not accurately reflect the
    actual results experienced by the Company using cumulative
    voting and a plurality standard for director elections. In the
    past three years, the Company’s directors have, on average,
    received the affirmative vote of greater than 81% of the shares
    voted in director elections. 17 Table of Contents The proposal takes the position that only one director election
    standard should be used by all U.S. companies. However,
    this approach does not take into consideration the unique
    attributes of the Company’s cumulative voting provision or
    our strong corporate governance structure and practices. Under
    the current standard for electing directors, our stockholders
    have consistently and overwhelmingly elected a board comprised
    of highly qualified directors from diverse backgrounds. These
    directors, and the management team selected by them, have
    delivered solid financial performance and stockholder value. The
    Board of Directors does not believe the proponent’s
    proposal could improve such performance. The Potential Uncertainty of a Simple Majority Voting
    Standard Under Delaware law, an incumbent director who is not re-elected
    “holds over” and continues to serve with the same
    voting rights and powers until his or her successor is elected
    and qualified. While this critical aspect of sound corporate
    governance practice is noted in the proponent’s supporting
    statement, the proposed majority voting standard fails to
    address the director “hold over” issue. Therefore,
    even if the proposal were adopted, the Company could not force a
    director who failed to receive a majority vote to leave the
    Board of Directors until his or her successor is elected at a
    subsequent stockholder meeting. Moreover, the proposal fails to address vacancies on the Board
    of Directors that would arise if a director who fails to receive
    a majority of the votes cast chooses to resign his or her
    position. Delaware law and the Company’s Bylaws permit the
    Board of Directors to elect a director to fill the vacancy, let
    the position remain vacant, or call another meeting of
    stockholders for the sole purpose of filling the vacancy. In any
    case, the Board may be left with vacancies for an indefinite
    period of time, making it difficult to staff key committees and
    otherwise meet its obligation to oversee the business and
    affairs of the Company. This could cause additional uncertainty,
    disruption, and expense for the Company. A Task Force of the American Bar Association Committee on
    Corporate Law studied the benefits and detriments associated
    with a majority vote standard for the election of directors, and
    decided not to recommend a majority voting standard for
    directors, stating: “The Committee believes that it is not advisable to alter
    the existing plurality default rule. Although the Committee is
    mindful of the criticisms of plurality voting, the Committee is
    currently persuaded that the potential negative consequences of
    failed elections, combined with the uncertainty of applying an
    untested voting standard as the default rule for public
    corporations, warrants the retention of the plurality voting
    rule.” The Company’s Corporate Governance Practices The Company’s corporate governance practices, including
    cumulative voting, have been recognized by RiskMetrics (formerly
    Institutional Shareholder Services), which has ranked the
    Company ahead of its peer companies in the technology hardware
    and equipment group, as measured by the RiskMetrics Corporate
    Governance Quotient. These corporate governance practices are
    designed to identify and propose director nominees who will best
    serve the interests of the Company and its stockholders. The
    Board of Directors maintains a Nominating and Governance
    Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors.
    The Nominating and Governance Committee applies a robust set of
    criteria in identifying director nominees and has established
    procedures to consider and evaluate persons recommended by
    stockholders, described in detail elsewhere in the proxy
    statement under the heading “Consideration of Director
    Nominees.” The Company’s stockholders have consistently elected highly
    qualified directors, substantially all of whom, other than the
    Company’s Chief Executive Officer, have been
    “independent” within standards adopted by The NASDAQ
    Global Select Market. In the past, every director nominee has
    received the affirmative vote of a strong majority of the shares
    voted. Required
    Vote The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in
    person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and
    entitled to vote on Proposal No. 3 is required to
    approve the stockholder proposal regarding majority voting for
    Directors of the Company Recommendation
    of the Board of Directors For the reasons set forth above, the Board believes that
    Proposal No. 3 is not in the Company’s best
    interests or the best interests of its stockholders and
    recommends a vote AGAINST Proposal No. 3. 18 Table of Contents SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
    MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
    ownership of the Company’s Common Stock as of
    February 15, 2008 by (i) all persons known by the
    Company, based solely on inspection of 13G filings made with the
    SEC, to be beneficial owners of five percent (5%) or more (as
    set forth in the Beneficial Ownership Table included below) of
    its outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each Director of the
    Company, (iii) the Named Executive Officers (as defined
    below under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”),
    and (iv) all current executive officers and Directors of
    the Company as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the
    principal address of each of the stockholders below is c/o SanDisk Corporation, 601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. Unless otherwise indicated and pursuant to applicable community
    property laws, the persons named in the following table have
    sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
    Common Stock. The number of shares beneficially owned includes
    Common Stock of which such individual has the right to acquire
    beneficial ownership either currently or within 60 days
    after February 15, 2008, including, but not limited to,
    upon the exercise of a stock option. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon
    224,590,319 shares of Common Stock outstanding on
    February 15, 2008. For each individual, this percentage
    includes Common Stock of which such individual has the right to
    acquire beneficial ownership either currently or within sixty
    (60) days after February 15, 2008, including, but not
    limited to, upon the exercise of a stock option; however, such
    Common Stock will not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of
    computing the percentage owned by any other individual. Such
    calculation is required by General Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Number of Percentage Owned Name or Group of Beneficial Owners Shares (%) Entities Controlled by Capital Group International, Inc.(1) 32,556,390 14.50 Entities Controlled by ClearBridge Advisors, LLC(2) 15,524,956 6.91 Judy Bruner(3) 490,533 * Yoram Cedar(4) 520,430 * Irwin Federman(5) 94,432 * Steven J. Gomo(6) 34,528 * Dr. Eli Harari(7) 5,211,045 2.32 Eddy W. Hartenstein(8) 41,906 * Catherine P. Lego(9) 407,136 * Michael E. Marks(10) 198,088 * Sanjay Mehrotra(11) 846,288 * Dr. James D. Meindl(12) 130,677 * Dr. Randhir Thakur(13) 186,029 * All directors and current executive officers as a group
    (11 persons)(14) 8,161,092 3.63 * Less than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock. (1) The principal address of Capital Group International, Inc.
    (“CGII”) is 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles,
    California 90025. Pursuant to a joint Schedule 13G/A filed
    with the SEC on February 1, 2008 by and on behalf of CGII,
    Capital Guardian Trust Company (“CGTC”) and
    Capital International Limited (“CIL”), CGII reported
    that it had sole voting power over 27,464,350 shares of
    Common Stock and sole dispositive power over
    32,556,390 shares of Common Stock, and CIL reported that it
    had sole voting power over 11,912,050 shares of Common
    Stock and sole dispositive power over 12,950,820 shares of
    Common Stock. (2) The principal address of ClearBridge Advisors, LLC
    (“CA”) is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
    Pursuant to a joint Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC
    February 14, 2008 by and on behalf of CA and Smith 19 Table of Contents Barney Fund Management LLC (“SBFM”), CA reported
    that it had shared voting power over 12,607,168 shares of
    Common Stock and shared dispositive power over
    15,524,956 shares of Common Stock, and SBFM reported that
    it had shared voting and dispositive power over
    209,091 shares of Common Stock. (3) Comprised of 13,346 shares held in the name of a trust for
    the benefit of Ms. Bruner and her spouse. Also includes
    464,687 shares subject to outstanding options and 12,500
    restricted stock units granted to Ms. Bruner, which were
    exercisable, in the case of options, or vested, in the case of
    restricted stock units, on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. Excludes 25,000 restricted stock
    units that will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. (4) Includes 12,969 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Cedar and his spouse. Also includes
    497,625 shares subject to outstanding options and 6,250
    restricted stock units granted to Mr. Cedar, which were
    exercisable, in the case of options, or vested, in the case of
    restricted stock units, on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. Excludes 12,500 restricted stock
    units that will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. (5) Includes 18,750 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Federman, but some of the shares
    subject to those options are currently unvested and would, if
    purchased, be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
    lapses over time. Excludes 1,842 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within 60 days
    of that date. (6) Includes 31,250 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Gomo, but some of the shares subject
    to those options are currently unvested and would, if purchased,
    be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that lapses over
    time. Excludes 5,118 shares restricted stock units that
    will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within 60 days
    after that date. (7) Includes 2,861,602 shares held in the name of a trust for
    the benefit of Dr. Harari and his spouse. Also includes
    2,206,810 shares subject to outstanding options and 25,000
    restricted stock units granted to Dr. Harari, which were
    exercisable, in the case of options, or vested, in the case of
    restricted stock units, on February 15, 2008, or within
    60 days after that date. Also includes 100,404 shares
    held in the name of a trust for the benefit of his children.
    Excludes 50,000 restricted stock units that will not vest on
    February 15, 2008 or within 60 days after that date. (8) Includes 37,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable
    options granted to Mr. Hartenstein, but some of the shares
    subject to those options are currently unvested and would, if
    purchased, be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
    lapses over time. Excludes 4,908 restricted stock units that
    will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within 60 days
    after that date. (9) Includes 283,580 shares held in the name of a trust of
    which Ms. Lego is the trustee. Also includes
    116,750 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Ms. Lego, but some of the shares subject to
    those options are currently unvested and would, if purchased, be
    subject to a repurchase right of the Company that lapses over
    time. Excludes 1,842 restricted stock units that will not vest
    on February 15, 2008 or within 60 days after that date. (10) Includes 1,338 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Marks and his spouse, 70,000 shares
    held by limited liability companies controlled by
    Mr. Marks, 6,000 shares held in the name of a trust
    for the benefit of his son and 6,000 shares held in the
    name of a trust for the benefit of his daughter. Also includes
    114,750 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Mr. Marks, but some of the shares subject to
    those options would, if exercised, be subject to a repurchase
    right of the Company that lapses over time. Excludes 1,842
    restricted stock units that will not vest on February 15,
    2008 or within 60 days after that date. (11) Includes 69,604 shares held in the name of a trust for the
    benefit of Mr. Mehrotra and his spouse. Also includes
    730,434 shares subject to outstanding options and 46,250
    restricted stock units granted to Mr. Mehrotra, which were
    exercisable, in the case of options, or vested, in the case of
    restricted stock units, on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. Excludes 75,000 restricted stock
    units that will not vest on February 15, 2008 or within
    60 days after that date. 20 Table of Contents (12) Comprised of 47,927 shares held as community property in
    the name of Dr. Meindl and his spouse and
    82,750 shares subject to immediately exercisable options
    granted to Dr. Meindl, but some of the shares subject to
    those options are currently unvested and would, if purchased, be
    subject to a repurchase right of the Company that lapses over
    time. Excludes 1,842 restricted stock units that will not vest
    on February 15, 2008 or within 60 days after that date. (13) Includes 156,250 shares subject to outstanding options
    granted to Mr. Thakur, which were exercisable on
    February 15, 2008 or within 60 days after that date. (14) Includes shares subject to options exercisable as of
    February 15, 2008, or within 60 days after that date,
    and restricted stock units that will be vested as of
    February 15, 2008 or within 60 days after that date,
    including those identified in notes (3), (4), (5), (6), (7),
    (8), (9), (10), (11), (12) and (13). COMPLIANCE
    WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
    1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended, requires the Company’s Directors, executive
    officers, and persons who own more than ten percent (10%) of a
    registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to
    file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in
    ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the
    Company with the SEC. Officers, Directors and stockholders
    holding more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding capital
    stock of the Company are required by SEC regulations to furnish
    the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
    file. Based upon (i) the copies of Section 16(a) reports
    which the Company received from such persons for their 2007
    fiscal year transactions in the Common Stock and their Common
    Stock holdings, and (ii) the written representations
    received from one or more of such persons that no annual
    Form 5 reports were required to be filed by them for the
    2007 fiscal year, the Company believes that all executive
    officers, stockholders holding more than 10% of the outstanding
    capital stock of the Company and Board members complied with all
    their reporting requirements under Section 16(a) for such
    fiscal year except that a late Form 4 report was filed for
    each of the independent Board members on June 11, 2007,
    reporting their annual automatic grants that occurred on
    May 24, 2007 and a late Form 4 report for each of Judy
    Bruner, Yoram Cedar, Eli Harari and Sanjay Mehrotra was filed on
    February 22, 2007 for the withholding shares issued for
    taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units
    that occurred on February 16, 2007. Equity
    Compensation Information for Plans or Individual Arrangements
    with Employees and Non-Employees The following table provides information as of February 15,
    2008 with respect to the shares of the Company’s Common
    Stock that may be issued under the Company’s existing
    equity compensation plans. Other than as described in footnote
    (4) to the following table, there are no assumed plans under
    which any options to acquire such shares or other equity-based
    awards may be granted. (C) Number of (A) Securities Remaining Number of Available for Securities to Future Issuance be Issued (B) Under Equity Upon Exercise Weighted Average Compensation Plans of Outstanding Exercise Price (Excluding Securities Options and of Outstanding Reflected in Plan Category Rights Options(1) Column A) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders(2) 22,878,512 (3)(4)(5) $ 35.49 13,204,190 (6) Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Stockholders N/A N/A N/A Total 22,878,512 $ 35.49 13,204,190 (1) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes
    restricted stock units. 21 Table of Contents (2) Consists solely of the 2005 Plan, including options incorporated
    from predecessor plans, the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    and the 2005 International Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (together with the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the
    “Purchase Plans”). (3) Excludes purchase rights accruing under the Company’s
    Purchase Plans, which have a combined stockholder-approved
    reserve of 10,000,000 shares. Under the Purchase Plans,
    each eligible employee may purchase up to 1,500 shares of
    Common Stock at the end of each six-month offering period (the
    last U.S. business day in January and July each year) at a
    purchase price per share equal to 85% of the lower of
    (i) the closing selling price per share of Common Stock on
    the employee’s entry date into that six-month offering
    period or (ii) the closing selling price per share on the
    purchase date. (4) Excludes 3,164,134 shares that are subject to options and
    other equity compensation awards that were originally granted by
    Matrix Semiconductor, Inc., or Matrix, and msystems Ltd., or
    msystems, prior to their acquisition by SanDisk, as described
    below: Number of Securities Weighted Average Acquired Award Subject to Weighted Average Estimated Company Category Applicable Plan Exercise Price Remaining Life Matrix Options 95,570 $ 7.13 6.32 Matrix Restricted Stock Units 25,181 N/A N/A msystems Options 2,452,735 $ 35.17 7.41 msystems Stock Settled 590,648 $ 43.74 8.21 Appreciation Rights (5) Includes 11,899,178 shares subject to options and
    456,021 shares subject to restricted stock units
    outstanding under the 2005 Plan. Also includes
    10,523,313 shares subject to outstanding options under the
    Company’s 1995 Stock Option Plan and the Company’s
    1995 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. The weighted
    average estimated remaining life of the outstanding options is
    5.49 years. (6) Consists of shares available for future issuance under the 2005
    Plan and the Purchase Plans. As of February 15, 2008,
    9,149,779 shares of Common Stock were available for
    issuance under the 2005 Plan and 4,054,411 shares of Common
    Stock were available for issuance under the combined share
    reserve for the Purchase Plans. 22 Table of Contents FORM 10-K The Company filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on February 25, 2008. Stockholders may obtain
    a copy of this report, without charge, by writing to Investor
    Relations at the Company’s principal executive offices
    located at 601 McCarthy Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035.
    The Annual Report on Form 10-K is also available at http://ww3.ics.adp.com/streetlink/SNDK . AUDIT
    COMMITTEE REPORT The information contained in this report shall not be deemed
    to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed”
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such
    information be incorporated by reference into any future filings
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the
    liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
    specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed
    under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The following is the report of the Audit Committee with respect
    to the Company’s audited financial statements for the
    fiscal year ended December 30, 2007 included in the
    Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for that year. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited
    financial statements with management of the Company. The Audit Committee has discussed with the Company’s
    independent registered accounting firm, Ernst & Young
    LLP, the matters required to be discussed by SAS 61
    (“Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU
    Section 380”), as amended, which include, among other
    items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the
    Company’s financial statements. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the
    letter from Ernst & Young LLP required by Independence
    Standards Board Standard No. 1 (“Independence
    Discussions with Audit Committees”), as amended, and has
    discussed with Ernst & Young LLP the independence of
    Ernst & Young LLP from the Company. Based on the review and discussions referred to above in this
    report, the Audit Committee recommended to the Company’s
    Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be
    included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2007 for filing with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission. Submitted by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors Catherine P. Lego (Chair) Irwin Federman Steven J. Gomo COMPENSATION
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This section contains a discussion of the material elements of
    compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the principal
    executive officer, principal financial officer of the Company
    and our three other most highly compensated individuals who were
    serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2007.
    These individuals are referred to as “Named Executive
    Officers” in this Proxy Statement. The Company’s current executive compensation programs are
    determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of the
    Board. None of the Named Executive Officers is a member of the
    Compensation Committee. As contemplated by the charter of the
    Compensation Committee, the Company’s Chief Executive
    Officer recommends to the Compensation Committee the base
    salary, annual bonus and long-term compensation levels for the
    other Named Executive Officers. Our President and Chief
    Operating Officer assists the Chief Executive Officer in
    reviewing performance and formulating recommendations to the
    Compensation Committee. Our other Named 23 Table of Contents Executive Officers, including our Chief Financial Officer,
    provide financial and other information to the Compensation
    Committee to assist in determining appropriate compensation
    levels. Our other executive officers, including the other Named
    Executive Officers, do not currently have any role in
    determining or recommending the form or amount of compensation
    paid to our Named Executive Officers and our other senior
    executive officers. Executive
    Compensation Program Objectives and Overview The Company’s current executive compensation programs are
    intended to achieve three fundamental objectives:
    (1) attract, retain and motivate qualified executives;
    (2) hold executives accountable for performance; and
    (3) align executives’ interests with the interests of
    our stockholders. In structuring our current executive
    compensation programs, we are guided by the following basic
    philosophies: • Competition. The Company should provide
    competitive compensation opportunities so that we can attract,
    retain and motivate qualified executives. • Alignment with Stockholder Interests. A
    substantial portion of compensation should be contingent on the
    Company’s performance. As an executive officer’s level
    of responsibility increases, a greater portion of the
    officer’s total compensation should be dependent on the
    Company’s performance and stock price appreciation. • Pay for Performance. A substantial portion of
    compensation should be tied to Company and individual
    performance. As described in more detail below, the material elements of our
    current executive compensation program for Named Executive
    Officers include a base salary, an annual cash incentive
    opportunity, a long-term share-based incentive opportunity,
    401(k) retirement benefits and severance protection for certain
    actual or constructive terminations of the Named Executive
    Officers’ employment. We believe that each element of our executive compensation
    program helps us to achieve one or more of our compensation
    objectives. The table below lists each material element of our
    executive compensation program and the compensation objective or
    objectives that it is designed to achieve. Compensation Element Compensation Objectives Designed to be Achieved Base Salary •   Attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives •   Hold executives accountable for
    performance •   Align executives’ interests with
    those of stockholders Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity •   Attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives •   Align executives’ interests with
    those of stockholders •   Hold executives accountable for
    performance Long-Term Share-Based Incentives •   Attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives 401(k) Retirement Benefits •   Attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives Severance and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment •   Attract, retain and motivate qualified
    executives As illustrated by the table above, base salaries, 401(k)
    retirement benefits and severance and other termination benefits
    are all primarily intended to attract, retain and motivate
    qualified executives. These are the elements of our current
    executive compensation program where the value of the benefit in
    any given year is generally not variable. We believe that in
    order to attract, retain and motivate top-caliber executives, we
    need to provide executives with predictable benefit amounts that
    reward the executive’s continued service. Some of the
    elements, such as base salaries, are generally paid out on a
    short-term or current basis. The other elements are generally
    paid out on a longer-term basis, such as upon retirement or
    other termination of employment. We believe that this mix of
    longer-term and short-term elements allows us to achieve our
    dual goals of attracting and retaining executives (with the
    longer-term benefits geared toward retention and the short-term
    awards focused on recruitment). 24 Table of Contents Our annual cash incentive opportunity is primarily intended to
    hold Named Executive Officers accountable for performance,
    although we also believe it aligns Named Executive
    Officers’ interests with those of our stockholders and
    helps us attract, retain and motivate executives. Our long-term
    equity incentives are primarily intended to align Named
    Executive Officers’ interests with those of our
    stockholders, although we also believe they help hold executives
    accountable for performance and help us attract, retain and
    motivate executives. These are the elements of our current
    executive compensation program that are designed to reward
    performance and the creation of stockholder value, and therefore
    the value of these benefits is dependent on performance. Each
    Named Executive Officer’s annual bonus opportunity is paid
    out on an annual short-term basis and is designed to reward
    performance for that period. Long-term equity incentives are
    generally paid out or earned on a longer-term basis and are
    designed to reward performance over one or more years. The individual compensation elements are intended to create a
    total compensation package for each Named Executive Officer that
    we believe achieves our compensation objectives and provides
    competitive compensation opportunities. From time to time,
    management has retained Compensia, Inc., an independent
    compensation consulting firm, to review and identify our
    appropriate peer group companies, and to obtain and evaluate
    current executive compensation data for these companies. We
    selected the following companies as our peer group companies in
    fiscal 2007: Adobe Systems Incorporated; Advanced Micro Devices
    Inc.; Analog Devices, Inc.; Avaya Inc.; Broadcom Corp.; CA Inc.;
    Electronic Arts Inc.; Juniper Networks, Inc.; LSI Corporation;
    Marvell Technology Group Ltd.; Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.;
    Micron Technology, Inc.; Network Appliance, Inc.; NVIDIA Corp.;
    Seagate Technology LLC; Symantec Corporation; Xilinx, Inc.; and
    Yahoo! Inc. We believe that these peer group companies, which
    were selected from within and outside the Company’s
    industry, are comparable in size and growth pattern with the
    Company and compete with the Company for executive talent.
    Although the peer group differs from the S&P Semiconductor
    Company Stock Index, and the PHLX Semiconductor Index, which the
    Company has selected as the industry indices for purposes of the
    stock performance graph that appeared in the Company’s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2007, we believe
    these peer group companies provide relevant comparative
    compensation data for the Company. Consistent with our compensation philosophies described above,
    our goal is to provide each Named Executive Officer with a
    current executive compensation program that is competitive in
    light of the compensation paid to comparable executives at our
    peer group companies. To that end, we generally target base
    salaries and long-term incentives at approximately the
    50th percentile within our peer group companies. We
    generally target total cash compensation at approximately the
    60th percentile within our peer group companies; however,
    we have the ability to, and do, exercise discretion to set
    compensation levels that are above or below these benchmarks. As
    indicated in the charter of the Compensation Committee, in
    determining the appropriate levels of compensation to be paid to
    Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee retains the
    discretion to consider amounts realized from prior compensation.
    However, amounts realized from prior compensation were not a
    material factor in determining 2007 compensation for our Named
    Executive Officers. Furthermore, amounts realized from prior
    compensation were not considered in setting future retirement
    benefits since the only retirement benefit currently offered by
    the Company is the Named Executive Officer’s ability to
    participate in the Company’s 401(k) plan during his or her
    employment with the Company. Dr. Harari attends each meeting of the Compensation
    Committee that relates to Company-wide compensation issues and
    the compensation of his direct reporting officers. At meetings
    pertaining to officer pay, Dr. Harari presents compensation
    recommendations for his direct reports and explains to the
    Compensation Committee the basis and rationale for his
    recommendations. The Compensation Committee understands that in
    determining his recommendations Dr. Harari considers the
    scope and responsibility of each officer’s position and the
    individual performance of each officer and reviews compensation
    of similarly situated officers in the Company’s peer group,
    to the extent that there is a similarly situated officer. With
    respect to Dr. Harari’s compensation, the Company and
    its advisers collect chief executive officer compensation data
    from comparable companies, including those in the Company’s
    peer group, based on size, location and industry. The Company
    presents the collected data to the Compensation Committee. The
    Compensation Committee reviews the data and deliberates to
    determine an appropriate level of compensation for
    Dr. Harari based on the Company’s targeted
    compensation levels. Dr. Harari does not participate in the
    Compensation Committee deliberations that relate to his personal
    compensation and he excuses himself from that portion of the
    Compensation Committee meeting. Dr. Harari and other
    employees of the 25 Table of Contents Company occasionally meet with a compensation consulting firm
    retained by the Company to discuss broader compensation issues
    and trends or to discuss officer pay. Dr. Harari does not
    meet or consult with the compensation consulting firm
    individually nor does Dr. Harari discuss his individual
    compensation with the consulting firm retained by the Company. Current
    Executive Compensation Program Elements Base
    Salaries None of our Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement
    or other contractual right to receive a fixed base salary. The
    Compensation Committee generally reviews the base salaries for
    each Named Executive Officer in the first quarter of each year.
    In determining the appropriate fiscal 2007 base salary for our
    Named Executive Officers, we considered the base salary levels
    in effect for comparable executives at our peer group companies
    (based on their published 2006 fiscal year data), internal
    comparables and individual performance. The weighting of these
    factors by the Compensation Committee is subjective, not
    formulaic. For example, for positions that are easily
    benchmarked in the market, such as Chief Executive Officer and
    President, an equal weighting might be given to all three
    factors. For other positions that are somewhat hybrid in nature
    and not directly comparable to positions at our peer group of
    Companies, such as Executive Vice President, Technology and
    Worldwide Operations and Executive Vice President, Mobile
    Business Unit and Corporate Engineering, the internal
    comparables and individual performance factors may be weighed
    more heavily than the market data. The Compensation Committee
    does not use a formula for determining compensation. Based on our review in fiscal 2007, we determined that the
    appropriate base salary rate was as follows for each Named
    Executive Officer for fiscal 2007: Dr. Harari, $848,000;
    Mr. Mehrotra, $510,000; Ms. Bruner, $450,000;
    Dr. Thakur, $385,422 and Mr. Cedar, $385,422. This
    determination was made after the temporary reduction in base
    salaries described below had ended. In line with our target
    benchmark, the fiscal 2007 compensation level (before the
    reduction described below) for Named Executive Officers ranged
    from the 50th percentile to the 60th percentile of the
    base salary levels in effect for comparable executives at our
    peer group companies (based on their published 2006 fiscal year
    data). In connection with the Company’s overall cost
    reduction program, the Compensation Committee approved a base
    salary reduction for Named Executive Officers of 15% (20% for
    the Chief Executive Officer), effective March 5, 2007. The
    reduction to base salaries continued until August 6, 2007,
    at which time the rates of base salary increased to the amounts
    specified above for the remainder of fiscal 2007. No payment
    intended to offset the temporary reduction to base salaries was
    made to any Named Executive Officer, and in determining the base
    salary amounts set forth above, we did not attempt to compensate
    the Named Executive Officers for the temporary reduction in base
    salaries. The total base salary amounts paid for fiscal 2007,
    taking into account these adjustments, is reported for each
    Named Executive Officer in column (c) of the Summary
    Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007, below. The Company’s third-party executive compensation consultant
    compared the Company’s compensation of Named Executive
    Officers with the officer compensation at our peer group of
    companies, and reported the results of its analysis to the
    Compensation Committee in February 2008. Based on the analysis
    and the subjective factors described above, in February 2008 the
    Compensation Committee approved the following increases to the
    base salaries of the Named Executive Officers: Dr. Harari,
    0%; Mr. Mehrotra, 10%; Ms. Bruner, 8%;
    Dr. Thakur, 4%; and Mr. Cedar, 5%. Annual
    Cash Incentive Award None of our Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement
    or other contractual right to a fixed actual or target bonus for
    any given year. Prior to fiscal 2006, the Company utilized a
    formula based upon achievement of financial targets under the
    Company’s operating plan to set aside pre-tax net income to
    fund a discretionary bonus pool. Each executive officer’s
    participation in that bonus pool was based upon a target bonus,
    which generally ranged from 75% to 100% of the officer’s
    base salary. Actual bonuses paid from the pool were calculated
    based upon the Company’s achievement of financial targets
    under the Company’s operating plan for the fiscal year, the
    officer’s target bonus and the officer’s individual
    performance. The Compensation Committee also 26 Table of Contents retained discretion to recommend an additional discretionary
    bonus in recognition of special contributions during the fiscal
    year. Cash bonuses paid to the Company’s executive officers
    generally were not “performance-based” for purposes of
    Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and were
    therefore subject to the deductibility limitations of
    Section 162(m), as explained in more detail below under
    “Section 162(m) Policy.” In fiscal 2006, the Company amended the 2005 Plan to provide for
    the grant of cash incentive awards intended to qualify as
    performance-based under Section 162(m) in lieu of
    discretionary cash bonuses to Named Executive Officers. Such an
    award was made to each Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2007.
    The Company continued to utilize a bonus formula to fund a bonus
    pool for fiscal 2007; however, the amount of the pool allocated
    to Named Executive Officers was determined under the cash
    incentive awards. The remaining portion of the bonus pool was
    allocated among other employees in generally the same manner as
    in years prior to fiscal 2006. The Named Executive Officers’ cash incentive award for
    fiscal 2007 contained a target incentive amount, expressed as a
    percentage of base salary, which was approved by the
    Compensation Committee. For Named Executive Officers other than
    the Chief Executive Officer, the target incentive amount
    reflected the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer. The
    percentage target bonus for each Named Executive Officer was
    generally determined by reference to comparable bonus
    opportunities at our peer group companies, internal
    comparability with percentage targets of other executives and
    the executive’s level of responsibility, experience and
    knowledge. The target incentive amounts generally increase as an
    executive’s responsibilities increase, reflecting our
    compensation philosophy that, as an executive officer’s
    level of responsibility increases, a greater portion of that
    officer’s total compensation should be dependent on the
    Company’s performance. For fiscal 2007,
    Dr. Harari’s target bonus was 125% of base salary,
    Mr. Mehrotra’s target bonus was 95% of base salary,
    Ms. Bruner’s target bonus was 85% of base salary, and
    the remaining Named Executive Officers’ respective target
    bonuses were 75% of their respective base salaries. In each
    case, the target bonus was based on the Named Executive
    Officer’s full rate of base salary as of December 31,
    2007, not taking into account the base salary reduction
    discussed above under Base Salaries. The performance goal for fiscal 2007 under the cash incentive
    awards was the Company’s earning per share for fiscal 2007
    (excluding stock compensation and acquisition- related charges).
    The decision to utilize the earnings per share measure for
    fiscal 2007, rather than the revenue and net income measures as
    used in prior years, was based upon the significant pricing
    downturn being experienced within the NAND flash industry in
    early fiscal 2007. In that environment, the Compensation
    Committee determined that the most appropriate measure of
    financial performance by the Company would be earnings per
    share. The Compensation Committee also determined that a
    non-GAAP EPS measure, excluding stock compensation and
    charges related to acquisition accounting, would provide the
    most relevant measure of the Company’s performance in
    comparison to the previous year and in comparison to its annual
    operating plan. In addition to establishing target incentive
    amounts for Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee
    approved a range of potential multipliers of the target
    incentive amount based on the Company’s achievement of
    earnings per share goals. The maximum multiplier was 0% of
    target for performance below a threshold level, up to 37.5% of
    target for performance at the threshold level, and up to 225% of
    target for exceptional performance. The bonus multipliers at the
    threshold and maximum levels were reduced from the multipliers
    in effect for fiscal 2006, because achievement of the maximum
    goal in fiscal 2007 would not have been as valuable to the
    Company’s stockholders as achievement of the maximum goals
    in fiscal 2006. The probabilities of achieving the fiscal 2007
    goals were not estimated. Achievement of the threshold goal was
    believed to be attainable, but because of difficult market
    conditions within the industry in early 2007, its achievement
    was not believed to be certain. It was believed that achievement
    of the maximum performance goal was possible, but, given the
    prevailing market conditions within the industry, its
    achievement would have constituted a particularly positive
    performance by the Company. Based on the Company’s achievement relative to the
    performance goals in fiscal 2007 and the range of potential
    multipliers, the maximum multiplier for fiscal 2007 was 129% of
    target. Under the terms of the cash incentive awards, the
    Compensation Committee may exercise discretion to reduce (but
    not increase) the amount of the bonus otherwise payable to a
    Named Executive Officer based on such maximum multiplier. For
    2007, the Compensation Committee exercised its discretion to pay
    bonuses at a rate less than the maximum multiplier, and approved
    bonuses at 86% of target (as opposed to 129%) for the Named
    Executive Officers employed by the Company at year-end, and the
    86% multiplier was applied to the target bonus rate multiplied
    by the base salary rate 27 Table of Contents as of December 31, 2007. In exercising this discretion with
    respect to Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee
    generally considered a variety of factors, including whether a
    larger portion of the company-wide bonus pool should be
    allocated to other employees, the Named Executive Officer’s
    position and the Named Executive Officer’s individual
    performance for the year. No specific weightings were assigned
    to these factors, and the assessment was subjective rather than
    formulaic. In addition, the overall bonus pool payout to
    employees other than the Named Executive Officers was 86% of
    target, and we believed that it was appropriate to set the
    payout for Named Executive Officers at this same level. Although
    our discretionary adjustments represent the means by which
    individual performance is factored into the incentive payout
    amount, we determined that individual performances for 2007 did
    not warrant differential payout percentages for our Named
    Executive Officers. In February 2008, the Compensation Committee reviewed the
    Company’s performance with respect to earnings per share,
    certified the level of performance achieved and approved
    incentive payouts under the cash incentive awards based on that
    review. The amount of the payout approved by the Compensation
    Committee under each Named Executive Officer’s cash
    incentive awards for fiscal 2007 is presented in column
    (g) of the Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal
    2006 and 2007 below. The Company’s third-party executive compensation consultant
    compared the Company’s compensation of Named Executive
    Officers with the officer compensation at our peer group of
    companies, and reported the results of its analysis to the
    Compensation Committee in February 2008. The analysis indicated
    that the target total cash compensation of two of the
    Company’s officers was lower than our targeted pay
    position. A recommendation was submitted and approved by the
    Compensation Committee to increase the target bonuses for
    Mr. Mehrotra and Ms. Bruner to conform the
    individual’s target total cash compensation with the
    Company’s compensation target, after taking into
    consideration the market data. The target bonuses for our other
    Named Executive Officers were unchanged. As a result, the fiscal
    2008 individual bonus targets were established by the
    Compensation Committee as the following percentages of base
    salary: Dr. Harari, 125%; Mr. Mehrotra, 100%;
    Ms. Bruner, 90%; Mr. Cedar, 75%; and Dr. Thakur,
    75%. Long-Term
    Share-Based Incentive Awards The Company’s policy is that the Named Executive
    Officers’ long-term compensation should be directly linked
    to the value provided to our stockholders. Therefore, 100% of
    the Named Executive Officers’ long-term compensation is
    currently awarded in the form of share-based instruments that
    are valued by reference to our Common Stock. Prior to fiscal
    2006, the Company historically made annual equity incentive
    grants solely in the form of stock options. In fiscal 2006, the
    annual awards were granted in the form of stock options and
    restricted stock units. In fiscal 2007, the annual awards were
    granted in the form of stock options, except for a grant of
    restricted stock units to Mr. Mehrotra to reflect his
    promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer and to
    replace previously granted awards that expired in the money but
    unexercised. The Compensation Committee believed that this grant
    was appropriate in light of Mr. Mehrotra’s significant
    contributions to the growth of the Company over the period
    covered by the expired awards. The number of shares of the
    Company’s Common Stock subject to each annual award is
    intended to create a meaningful opportunity for stock ownership
    in light of the Named Executive Officer’s current position
    with the Company, the economic value of comparable awards to
    comparable executives at our peer group companies, the
    individual’s potential for increased responsibility and
    promotion over the award term, and the individual’s
    personal performance in recent periods. The Compensation
    Committee also takes into account the number of unvested equity
    awards held by the Named Executive Officer in order to maintain
    an appropriate level of equity incentive for that individual.
    However, the Compensation Committee does not adhere to any
    specific guidelines as to the relative equity award holdings of
    the Company’s Named Executive Officers. Furthermore, as
    with setting base salaries, weighting of the above factors is
    subjective, and the Compensation Committee does not use a
    formula to determine the number or value of share-based
    incentive awards granted to any individual officer. The Compensation Committee typically grants long-term
    share-based awards in the first quarter of the fiscal year
    except for awards to new hires and awards related to the
    promotion of current employees. However, except as set forth
    below with respect to grants to new employees and promotions,
    there is no formal program, plan or policy in place at the
    Company or in the Compensation Committee’s charter with
    regards to the timing of long-term share-based incentive awards.
    The Compensation Committee has complete discretion as to when it
    awards long-term 28 Table of Contents share-based incentives. There is no program, plan or policy
    related to the timing of grants to its executive officers in
    coordination with the release of material nonpublic information.
    Long-term share-based incentive awards granted to new hires or
    to promoted employees occur after the new hire has joined the
    Company or, in the case of a promoted employee, after the
    promotion has been approved. For a newly hired or promoted
    executive officer, the associated stock award is granted at the
    next meeting of the Compensation Committee. For a newly hired or
    promoted employee who is not an executive officer, the
    associated stock award is granted by the Company’s Special
    Option Committee, which takes actions every Friday. Stock Options. The Company makes a portion of
    its long-term incentive awards to Named Executive Officers in
    the form of stock options with an exercise price that is equal
    to the fair market value of the Company’s Common Stock on
    the grant date. Thus, the Named Executive Officers will only
    realize value on their stock options if our stockholders realize
    value on their shares. The stock options also function as a
    retention incentive for our executives as they vest over a four
    year period following the grant date. In fiscal 2007, the
    Compensation Committee granted stock options to each of our
    Named Executive Officers. The material terms of these options
    are described below under “Grants of Plan-Based
    Awards.” Restricted Stock Units. The Company may make a
    portion of its long-term incentive grants to Named Executive
    Officers in the form of restricted stock units. A restricted
    stock unit represents a contractual right to receive one share
    of the Company’s Common Stock if the applicable vesting
    requirements are satisfied. The Company has determined that it
    is advisable to grant restricted stock units in addition to
    stock options (and in lieu of larger stock option grants) in
    order to minimize stock expense to the Company and dilution. The
    restricted stock units also function as a retention incentive as
    they vest over a four year period following the grant date. The
    material terms of the unit awards are described below under
    “Grants of Plan-Based Awards.” The Company made grants
    of restricted stock units to Named Executive Officers in fiscal
    2006, but (except as discussed above with respect to
    Mr. Mehrotra), did not grant restricted stock units to
    Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2007. The Company decided to
    grant equity awards in 2007 to Named Executive Officers (except
    as discussed above with respect to Mr. Mehrotra) in the
    form of option grants rather than a mix of restricted stock
    units and option grants in order to more directly link the
    long-term compensation value of the Named Executive Officers
    with the value provided to our stockholders. 401(k)
    Retirement Benefits The Company provides retirement benefits to the Named Executive
    Officers under the terms of its tax-qualified 401(k) plan. In
    fiscal 2007, the Company made a discretionary matching
    contribution on behalf of each participant equal to one-half of
    the first 6% of compensation contributed to the plan by the
    participant. These Company contributions function as a retention
    incentive as they vest ratably over the first four years of
    service with the Company (as determined under the plan). The
    Named Executive Officers participate in the plan on
    substantially the same terms as our other participating
    employees. The Company does not maintain any deferred
    compensation, defined benefit or supplemental retirement plans
    for its Named Executive Officers. Severance
    and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment or Change in
    Control In order to achieve our compensation objective of attracting,
    retaining and motivating qualified executives, we believe that
    we need to provide our Named Executive Officers with severance
    protections that are consistent with the severance protections
    offered by our peer group companies. For Named Executive
    Officers, our philosophy is that severance should only be
    payable upon certain terminations of employment in connection
    with a change in control of the Company. We believe that the
    occurrence, or potential occurrence, of a change in control
    transaction will create uncertainty regarding the continued
    employment of Named Executive Officers. This uncertainty results
    from the fact that many change in control transactions result in
    significant organizational changes, particularly at the senior
    executive level. In order to encourage the Named Executive
    Officers to remain employed with the Company during an important
    time when their prospects for continued employment following the
    transaction are often uncertain, we provide Named Executive
    Officers with severance benefits pursuant to a change in control
    benefits agreement if their employment is terminated by us
    without cause or by the executive for good reason within twelve
    months following a change in control. We believe that a
    protected period of twelve months following a change in control
    is in line with the severance protections provided to comparable
    executives at our peer group 29 Table of Contents companies. We also believe that these Named Executive Officers
    should receive their change in control severance benefits if
    their employment is constructively terminated in connection with
    a change in control. Given that none of the Named Executive
    Officers has an employment agreement that provides for a fixed
    position or duties, or for a fixed base salary or actual or
    target annual bonus, absent some form of constructive
    termination severance trigger, potential acquirors could
    constructively terminate a Named Executive Officer’s
    employment and avoid paying severance. For example, following a
    change in control, an acquiror could materially demote a Named
    Executive Officer, reduce significantly his or her salary and/or eliminate his or her annual bonus opportunity to force the Named
    Executive Officer to terminate his or her own employment and
    thereby avoid paying severance. Because we believe that
    constructive terminations in connection with a change in control
    are conceptually the same as actual terminations, and because we
    believe that acquirors would otherwise have an incentive to
    constructively terminate Named Executive Officers to avoid
    paying severance, the change in control agreements we have
    entered into with our Named Executive Officers permit the Named
    Executive Officers to terminate their employment in connection
    with a change in control for certain “good reasons”
    that we believe result in the constructive termination of the
    Named Executive Officers’ employment. In the event the
    employment of a Named Executive Officer is terminated under the
    circumstances described above, we believe that providing these
    Named Executive Officers with a change in control agreement with
    cash severance benefits based on one (1) times (two
    (2) times for the Chief Executive Officer) salary and bonus
    levels is consistent with our peer group companies and provides
    them with financial security during a period of time when they
    are likely to be unemployed and seeking new employment. In the event that a Named Executive Officer becomes entitled to
    severance under the principles described above, in addition to
    cash severance benefits, we believe that it is also appropriate
    to provide Named Executive Officers with other severance
    protections, such as (1) continued medical insurance
    coverage for 24 months following termination;
    (2) accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards (with
    accelerated options to remain exercisable for twelve months
    following termination, subject to the maximum term of the
    option); and (3) executive outplacement benefits for twelve
    months following termination (including resume assistance,
    career evaluation and assessment, individual career counseling,
    financial counseling, access to one or more on-line employment
    databases, private office and office support). Similar to cash
    severance benefits, we believe these other severance benefits
    are consistent with the severance arrangements of our peer group
    companies and provide the Named Executive Officers with
    financial and personal security during a period of time when
    they are likely to be unemployed. As part of their severance benefits under a change in control
    agreement, the Named Executive Officers are also reimbursed for
    the full amount of any excise taxes imposed on their severance
    payments and any other payments under Section 4999 of the
    Internal Revenue Code. We provide the Named Executive Officers
    with a “gross-up” for any parachute payment excise taxes that may be imposed
    because we have determined the appropriate level of severance
    protections for each Named Executive Officer without factoring
    in the adverse tax effects on the Named Executive Officers that
    may result under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code.
    The excise tax gross-up is
    intended to make the Named Executive Officers whole for any
    adverse tax consequences they may become subject to under
    Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, and to preserve
    the level of severance protections that we have determined to be
    appropriate. We generally do not believe that Named Executive Officers should
    be entitled to severance benefits merely because a change in
    control transaction occurs. The payment of severance benefits is
    generally only triggered by an actual or constructive
    termination of employment in connection with a change in
    control. However, we determined that it was advisable to provide
    for one year of accelerated vesting of equity awards in the
    event of a change in control pursuant to the change in control
    agreements. In addition, under the terms of our stock incentive
    plans, if there is a liquidation, sale of all or substantially
    all of our assets, or merger or reorganization that results in a
    change in control of the Company, and such outstanding awards
    will not be continued or assumed following the transaction,
    then, like all other employees, the Named Executive Officers may
    receive immediate vesting and/or payout of their outstanding long-term incentive compensation
    awards. Although this vesting will occur whether or not a Named
    Executive Officer’s employment terminates, we believe it is
    appropriate to fully vest share-based awards in these change in
    control situations because such a transaction may effectively
    end the Named Executive Officers’ ability to realize any
    further value with respect to the share-based awards. 30 Table of Contents Please see the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or
    Change in Control” section below for a description of the
    potential payments that may be made to the Named Executive
    Officers in connection with their termination of employment or a
    change in control. Stock
    Ownership Guidelines Each Director and executive officer (as defined in
    Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended) is required to own the Company’s Common Stock. The
    ownership requirement is satisfied by beneficial ownership as
    defined under Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Each
    Director and named executive officer (as defined in
    Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended) should own no less than 1,000 shares of the
    Company’s Common Stock on the first anniversary of his or
    her service, and own an additional 1,000 shares for each
    subsequent year until he or she is required to own
    5,000 shares after 5 years of service, at which point
    there is no requirement to own additional shares. Section 162(m)
    Policy Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code disallows a tax
    deduction to publicly-held companies for compensation paid to
    certain executive officers, to the extent that compensation
    exceeds $1,000,000 per officer in any year. The limitation
    applies only to compensation which is not considered to be
    performance-based, either because it is not tied to the
    attainment of performance milestones or because it is not paid
    pursuant to a stockholder-approved plan. The Compensation
    Committee believes that in establishing the cash and equity
    incentive compensation programs for the Company’s executive
    officers, the potential deductibility of the compensation
    payable under those programs should be only one of a number of
    relevant factors taken into consideration, and not the sole
    governing factor. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee may
    provide one or more executive officers with the opportunity to
    earn incentive compensation, whether through cash bonus programs
    tied to the Company’s financial performance or share-based
    awards in the form of restricted stock or restricted stock
    units, which may be in excess of the amount deductible by reason
    of Section 162(m) or other provisions of the Internal
    Revenue Code. The Compensation Committee believes it is
    important to maintain incentive compensation at the requisite
    level to attract and retain the executive officers essential to
    the Company’s financial success, even if all or part of
    that compensation may not be deductible by reason of the
    Section 162(m) limitation. 31 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
    COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information contained in this report shall not be deemed
    to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed”
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such
    information be incorporated by reference into any future filings
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the
    liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
    specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed
    under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Compensation Committee has certain duties and powers as
    described in its Charter. The Compensation Committee is
    currently composed of the three Non-Employee Directors named at
    the end of this report each of whom is independent as defined by
    the NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with
    management the disclosures contained in the Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Based
    upon this review and our discussions, the Compensation Committee
    has recommended to our Board of Directors that this Compensation
    Discussion and Analysis section be included in the
    Company’s 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Irwin Federman (Chair) Michael E. Marks Dr. James D. Meindl COMPENSATION
    COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION Of the Compensation Committee members whose names appear on the
    Compensation Committee Report above, all were committee members
    during all of fiscal 2007. No current member of the Compensation
    Committee is a current or former executive officer or employee
    of the Company or had any relationships requiring disclosure by
    the Company under the SEC’s rules requiring disclosure of
    certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of
    the Company’s executive officers served as a director or a
    member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving
    an equivalent function) of any other entity, the executive
    officers of which served as a director or member of the
    Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended
    December 30, 2007. 32 Table of Contents SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE — FISCAL 2006 and 2007 The following table presents information regarding compensation
    of our Named Executive Officers for services rendered during
    fiscal 2006 and 2007. Change in Pension Value Non-Equity and Incentive Nonqualified Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Compensation Compensation Total Name and Principal Position Year ($) ($) ($)(1) ($)(1) ($)(2) Earnings ($)(3) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Dr. Eli Harari, 2007 763,493 — 1,571,369 7,272,781 911,600 — 6,750 10,525,993 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 2006 800,419 — 949,729 7,012,742 1,200,000 — 6,600 9,969,490 Judy Bruner, 2007 395,888 — 785,685 2,881,702 328,950 — — 4,392,225 Executive Vice President, Administration & Chief
    Financial Officer 2006 397,425 474,864 2,518,586 451,530 — — 3,842,405 Sanjay Mehrotra, 2007 459,750 — 2,076,822 4,072,913 416,670 — 3,481 7,029,636 President and Chief Operating Officer 2006 469,623 712,296 4,006,202 605,660 — 6,600 5,800,381 Yoram Cedar, 2007 352,033 — 392,842 2,362,381 248,597 — 6,750 3,362,603 Executive Vice President, Mobile Business Unit &
    Corporate Engineering 2006 367,414 237,432 2,196,894 375,875 — 6,600 3,184,215 Dr. Randhir Thakur, 2007 350,150 — 1,224,055 1,301,608 248,597 — 2,605 3,127,015 Executive Vice President, Technology & Worldwide
    Operations 2006 365,863 1,675,023 931,013 375,882 — — 3,347,781 (1) The amounts reported in columns (e) and (f) above
    reflect the aggregate dollar amounts recognized for stock awards
    and option awards, respectively, for financial statement
    reporting purposes with respect to fiscal 2007 and 2006
    (disregarding any estimate of forfeitures related to
    service-based vesting conditions). Detailed information about
    the amount recognized for specific awards is reported in the
    table under “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
    2007 Year-End” below. For a discussion of the
    assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the amounts
    reported in columns (e) and (f), please see the discussion
    of equity incentive awards granted during fiscal 2007 contained
    in Note 8 (“Compensation and Benefits”) to the
    Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, included as
    part of the Company’s 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, which note is incorporated herein by
    reference and the discussion of equity incentive awards granted
    during fiscal 2006 contained in Note 5 (“Compensation
    and Benefits”) to the Company’s Consolidated Financial
    Statements, included as part of the Company’s 2006 Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. (2) The amounts reported in column (g) above reflect the
    aggregate dollar amounts paid to Named Executive Officers under
    the terms of the fiscal 2007 and 2006 cash incentive awards
    granted under the 2005 Plan. The payouts were made in March 2008
    for the 2007 awards and March 2007 for the 2006 awards. The
    non-equity incentive plan compensation was calculated using each
    Named Executive Officer’s base salary rate as of
    December 31, 2007. The material terms of cash incentive
    awards granted in fiscal 2007 are further described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards” and the material
    terms of cash incentive awards granted in fiscal 2006 are
    described in the Company’s 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. (3) Amounts shown in column (i) include matching contributions
    to the Company’s 401(k) Plan on behalf of certain Named
    Executive Officers up to an amount of $6,750 in fiscal 2007 and
    $6,600 in fiscal 2006. Dr. Harari is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. As an employee-director, Dr. Harari does not receive additional compensation for his
    services as a director. 33 Table of Contents Compensation
    of Named Executive Officers The Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007
    above quantifies the value of the different forms of
    compensation earned by or awarded to our Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal years 2006 and 2007. The primary elements of
    each Named Executive Officer’s total compensation reported
    in the table are base salary, an annual bonus and long-term
    equity incentives consisting of stock options and restricted
    stock units. The Named Executive Officers also earned or were
    paid the other benefits listed in column (i) of the Summary
    Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007, as further
    described in footnote (4) to the table. The Summary Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007
    should be read in conjunction with the tables and narrative
    descriptions that follow. A description of the material terms of
    each Named Executive Officer’s base salary and annual bonus
    is provided immediately following this paragraph. The Grants of
    Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2007 table, and the description of
    the material terms of the stock options and restricted stock
    units granted in fiscal 2007 that follows it, provides
    information regarding the long-term equity incentives awarded to
    the Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2007. The Outstanding
    Equity Awards at Fiscal 2007 Year-End and Option Exercises
    and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2007 tables provide further
    information on the Named Executive Officers’ potential
    realizable value and actual value realized with respect to their
    equity awards. The discussion of the potential payments due upon
    a termination of employment or change in control that follows is
    intended to further explain the potential future payments that
    are, or may become, payable to our Named Executive Officers
    under certain circumstances. Description
    of Employment Agreements, Salary and Bonus Amounts As indicated above, none of the Named Executive Officers is
    employed pursuant to an employment agreement. As a result, their
    base salary and bonus opportunities are not fixed by contract.
    Instead, in the first quarter of each fiscal year, the
    Compensation Committee establishes the base salary level for
    each of our Named Executive Officers for the year. In making its
    determination, the Compensation Committee considers the factors
    discussed above under “Current Executive Compensation
    Program Elements — Base Salaries.” In fiscal
    2007, instead of granting discretionary cash bonuses, the
    Company granted Named Executive Officers a cash incentive award
    under the 2005 Plan. In determining the terms of such awards,
    the Compensation Committee considered the factors discussed
    above under “Current Executive Compensation Program
    Elements — Annual Cash Incentive Award.” The
    material terms of the cash incentive awards granted to each
    Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2007 are described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards.” Consistent with the Company’s philosophy that a substantial
    portion of compensation should be contingent on the
    Company’s performance, base salary for Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal 2007 comprised a relatively low percentage
    (generally between 7% and 12%) of total compensation. Equity and
    non-equity incentive compensation for Named Executive Officers
    in fiscal 2007, the value of which, as described below under
    “Description of Plan-Based Awards”, is significantly
    dependent upon on Company performance, comprised a much larger
    percentage (generally between 88% and 93%) of total
    compensation. The Company believes this allocation of base
    salary and incentive compensation in proportion to total
    compensation is appropriate to balance the Company’s dual
    goals of aligning the interests of executives and stockholders
    and providing predictable benefit amounts that reward an
    executive’s continued service. 34 Table of Contents GRANTS OF
    PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL 2007 The following table presents information regarding the equity
    and non-equity incentive awards granted to the Named Executive
    Officers during fiscal 2007 under the 2005 Plan. The material
    terms of each grant are described below under “Description
    of Plan-Based Awards.” All Option All Stock Awards: Exercise Grant Date Awards: Number of or Base Fair Value of Estimated Possible Payouts Under Number of Securities Price of Stock and Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Shares of Stock Underlying Option Option Grant Threshold Target Maximum or Units Options Awards Awards Date ($)(1)(2) ($)(2) ($)(2) (#) (#) ($/Sh) ($) Name(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) Dr. Eli Harari 2/15/07 397,500 1,590,000 2,385,000 — — — — 3/20/07 — — — 220,000 41.91 4,538,116 Judy Bruner 2/15/07 143,438 573,750 860,625 — — — — 3/20/07 — — — 125,000 41.91 1,899,788 Sanjay Mehrotra 2/15/07 181,688 726,750 1,090,125 — — — — 3/20/07 — — — 15,000 — — 628,650 3/20/07 — — — 50,000 — — 2,095,500 3/20/07 — — — — 125,000 41.91 1,899,788 Yoram Cedar 2/15/07 108,400 433,600 650,400 — — — — 3/20/07 — — — — 100,000 41.91 1,519,830 Dr. Randhir Thakur 2/15/07 108,400 433,600 650,400 — — — — 3/20/07 — — — — 125,000 41.91 1,899,788 (1) The amount set forth in column (c) represents the minimum
    amount payable under the Named Executive Officer’s
    non-equity incentive plan award for a minimum level of
    performance with respect to the performance measure subject to
    the award. If this minimum level of performance with respect to
    the performance measures had not been achieved, no amount would
    have been payable under the award. (2) The amounts set forth in column (c), (d) and (e) were
    calculated by multiplying the annual salary of each Named
    Executive Officer as of December 31, 2007 by (i) each
    Named Executive Officer’s target bonus rate as a percentage
    of his or her salary (125% for Dr. Harari, 95% for
    Mr. Mehrotra, 85% for Ms. Bruner and 75% for
    Dr. Thakur and Mr. Cedar) and (ii) a maximum
    multiplier at each of the threshold, target and maximum levels
    of 37.5%, 150% and 225%, respectively. The target bonus rates
    and multiplier percentages for certain levels of performance
    were determined by the Compensation Committee at its meeting on
    February 15, 2007. Description
    of Plan-Based Awards During fiscal 2007, each Named Executive Officer was awarded a
    time-based stock option award and Mr. Mehrotra was awarded
    time-based restricted stock unit awards. In addition, each Named
    Executive Officer was granted a cash incentive award. Each of
    these awards was granted under, and is subject to the terms of,
    the 2005 Plan. The plan is administered by the Compensation
    Committee. The Compensation Committee has authority to interpret
    the plan provisions and make all required determinations under
    the plan. This authority includes making required proportionate
    adjustments to outstanding awards upon the occurrence of certain
    corporate events such as reorganizations, mergers and stock
    splits, and making provision to ensure that any tax withholding
    obligations incurred in respect of awards are satisfied. Awards
    granted under the plan are generally only transferable to a
    beneficiary of a Named Executive Officer upon his or her death.
    However, the Compensation Committee may establish procedures for
    the transfer of awards to other persons or entities, provided
    that such transfers comply with applicable securities laws and,
    with limited exceptions set forth in the plan document, are not
    made for value. Under the terms of the 2005 Plan, if there is a change in
    control of the Company, each Named Executive Officer’s
    outstanding share-based awards granted under the plan will
    generally become fully vested and, in the case of options,
    exercisable to the extent such outstanding awards are not
    substituted or assumed in connection with the transaction. Any
    options that become vested in connection with a change in
    control generally must be exercised prior to the change in
    control, or they will be canceled in exchange for the right to
    receive a cash payment in connection with the change in control
    transaction. In addition, if there is a change in control of the
    Company, the Compensation Committee may terminate the
    performance period applicable to the cash incentive award and
    pro- 35 Table of Contents rate (based on the number of days during the performance period
    prior to the transaction) the bonus and performance targets
    based on year-to-date performance. Stock
    Options Each stock option reported in column (g) of the table above
    was granted with a per-share exercise price equal to the fair
    market value of a share of the Company’s Common Stock on
    the grant date. For these purposes, and in accordance with the
    terms of the 2005 Plan and the Company’s option grant
    practices, the fair market value is equal to the closing price
    of a share of Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on
    the applicable grant date. Each stock option granted to our Named Executive Officers in
    fiscal 2007 is subject to a four year vesting schedule, with 25%
    of the option vesting on March 20, 2008, and the remaining
    75% of the option vesting in twelve substantially equal
    installments on each successive three month anniversary of
    March 20, 2008. Once vested, each stock option will
    generally remain exercisable until its normal expiration date.
    Each of the stock options granted to our Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal 2007 has a term of seven years. Outstanding
    options, however, may terminate earlier in connection with a
    change in control transaction or a termination of the Named
    Executive Officer’s employment. Subject to any accelerated
    vesting that may apply, the unvested portion of the stock option
    will immediately terminate upon a termination of the Named
    Executive Officer’s employment. The Named Executive Officer
    will generally have three months to exercise the vested portion
    of the stock option following a termination of employment. This
    period is extended to twelve months if the termination is on
    account of the Named Executive Officer’s death or permanent
    disability. However, if a Named Executive Officer’s
    employment is terminated by the Company for
    “misconduct” (as determined under the plan),
    outstanding stock options (whether vested or unvested) will
    immediately terminate. The stock options granted to the Named Executive Officers during
    fiscal 2007 do not include any dividend or dividend equivalent
    rights. Restricted
    Stock Units Each restricted stock unit awarded to our Named Executive
    Officers in fiscal 2007 represents a contractual right to
    receive one share of the Company’s Common Stock if the
    time-based vesting requirements described below are satisfied.
    Restricted stock units are credited to a bookkeeping account
    established by the Company on behalf of each Named Executive
    Officer. Mr. Mehrotra’s restricted stock unit award consisting
    of 50,000 shares is subject to a four year vesting
    schedule, with 25% of the restricted stock unit vesting on
    March 20, 2008, and the remaining 75% of the restricted
    stock unit vesting in three substantially equal installments on
    each successive one year anniversary of March 20, 2008.
    Mr. Mehrotra’s restricted stock unit award consisting
    of 15,000 shares is subject to a one year vesting schedule,
    with 100% of the restricted stock vesting on March 20,
    2008. Subject to any accelerated vesting that may apply, upon
    the termination of a Named Executive Officer’s employment,
    any then-unvested restricted stock units will generally
    terminate. Restricted stock units will generally be paid in an equivalent
    number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock as they
    become vested. Named Executive Officers are not entitled to
    voting or dividend rights with respect to the restricted stock
    units. Non-Employee Directors are, however, entitled to the
    following dividend equivalent rights with respect to the
    restricted stock units. If the Company pays a cash dividend on
    its Common Stock and the dividend record date occurs after the
    grant date and before all of the restricted stock units have
    either been paid or terminated, then the Company will credit the
    Named Executive Officer’s bookkeeping account with an
    amount equal to (i) the per-share cash dividend paid by the
    Company on its Common Stock with respect to the dividend record
    date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of outstanding
    and unpaid restricted stock units (including any unvested
    restricted stock units) as of the dividend record date. These
    dividend equivalents will be subject to the same vesting,
    payment and other terms and conditions as the original
    restricted stock units to which they relate (except that the
    dividend equivalents may be paid in cash or such other form as
    the plan administrator may deem appropriate). 36 Table of Contents Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Award Each non-equity incentive plan award granted to our Named
    Executive Officers in fiscal 2007 consisted of an annual cash
    incentive opportunity under the 2005 Plan. The award provided
    for the payment of a cash bonus based on the Company’s
    performance for fiscal 2007 in the area of earnings per share. The amount of each Named Executive Officer’s award (before
    any application of the Compensation Committee’s discretion
    to reduce the payout under any award) is (i) the Named
    Executive Officer’s target incentive amount times
    (ii) a multiplier determined based on the Company’s
    performance. The target incentive amount is expressed as a
    percentage of the Named Executive Officer’s rate of base
    salary as of December 31, 2007. The target incentive
    amounts for the Named Executive Officers were 125% of base
    salary for Dr. Harari, 95% of base salary for
    Mr. Mehrotra 85% of base salary for Ms. Bruner and 75%
    of base salary for the remaining Named Executive Officers. In
    addition to establishing target incentive amounts, the
    Compensation Committee approved a range of multipliers of the
    target amount based on the level of the Company’s
    achievement of the earnings per share performance goal. The
    maximum multiplier ranged from 0% of target for performance
    below a threshold level, 37.5% of target for performance at a
    threshold level, 150% of target at the achievement of the target
    performance level and a maximum of 225% of target for
    exceptional performance. Based on the Company’s achievement
    of the performance goals in fiscal 2007 and the range of
    multipliers established by the Compensation Committee, the
    maximum multiplier for fiscal 2007 was 129% of target. Under the
    terms of the cash incentive awards, the Compensation Committee
    may exercise discretion to reduce (but not increase) the amount
    of the bonus otherwise payable to a Named Executive Officer
    based on the formula described above. For fiscal 2007, the
    Compensation Committee exercised its discretion to pay bonuses
    at a rate less than the maximum multiplier based on the
    Company’s fiscal 2007 performance. Specifically, for fiscal
    2007, the Compensation Committee approved bonuses at 86% of
    target for the Named Executive Officers employed by the Company
    at year-end. In determining whether to exercise this discretion,
    the Compensation Committee considered the factors discussed
    above under “Current Executive Compensation Program
    Elements — Annual Cash Incentive Award” in the
    Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. In February 2008, the Compensation Committee reviewed the
    Company’s performance with respect to earnings per share
    for fiscal 2007, certified the level of performance achieved and
    approved incentive payouts under the awards based on its review.
    The amount of the payout approved by the Compensation Committee
    under each Named Executive Officer’s incentive award for
    fiscal 2007 is presented in column (g) of the Summary
    Compensation Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007 above. 37 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING
    EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2007 YEAR-END The following table presents information regarding the
    outstanding share-based awards held by each Named Executive
    Officer as of December 31, 2007, including the vesting
    dates for the portions of these awards that had not vested as of
    that date. This table also includes the amounts recognized for
    each of these awards for financial statement reporting purposes
    for fiscal 2007 as reflected in the Summary Compensation
    Table — Fiscal 2006 and 2007 above. For purposes of
    clarity, awards that were granted prior to December 31,
    2007 but that were not outstanding as of December 31, 2007
    (for example, because the awards were forfeited, exercised, paid
    or otherwise settled prior to December 31, 2007) are
    also included in the table below if a charge was recognized for
    financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal 2007 with
    respect to the award. Additional information regarding these
    awards is presented in the footnotes below and in the table
    below under “Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal
    2007.” Option Awards(1) Stock Awards(2) Market Number of Number of Allocable Number of Value of Allocable Securities Securities Financial Shares or Shares or Financial Underlying Underlying Charge Units of Units of Charge Unexercised Unexercised Option Recognized Stock That Stock Stock That Recognized Options Options Exercise Option Option for Fiscal Have Not Award Have Not for Fiscal (#) (#) Price Grant Expiration 2007 Vested Grant Vested 2007 Name Exercisable Unexercisable ($) Date Date ($) (#) Date ($)(3) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) (k) Dr. Eli Harari 143,000 — 3.13 12/15/98 12/14/08 — 75,000 (13) 5/25/06 2,487,750 1,571,369 368,776 — 6.41 1/22/02 1/21/12 — 400,000 — 6.13 6/27/02 6/26/12 — 600,000 — 8.875 1/21/03 1/20/13 56,828 288,814 37,500 (4) 34.59 1/16/04 1/15/14 3,724,266 137,500 62,500 (5) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 1,194,985 125,000 75,000 (6) 26.09 5/27/05 5/26/12 620,728 65,625 84,375 (7) 58.84 5/25/06 5/24/13 1,399,314 — 220,000 (12) 41.91 3/20/07 3/19/14 885,259 Totals 2,128,715 479,375 7,272,781 75,000 2,487,750 1,571,369 Judy Bruner 263,750 56,250 (9) 20.12 6/21/04 6/20/14 1,618,436 37,500 (13) 5/25/06 1,243,875 785,685 85,937 39,063 (5) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 366,491 35,000 45,000 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 526,179 — 125,000 (12) 41.91 3/20/07 3/19/14 370,595 Totals 384,687 265,313 2,881,701 37,500 1,243,875 785,685 Sanjay Mehrotra 8,750 — 2.50 8/21/98 8/20/08 — 56,250 (13) 5/25/06 1,865,813 1,178,527 60,060 — 3.13 12/15/98 12/14/08 — 50,000 (14) 3/20/07 1,658,500 408,773 254,748 — 5.41 9/21/01 9/20/11 — 15,000 (15) 3/20/07 497,550 489,523 46,876 — 8.875 1/21/03 1/20/13 23,678 97,500 18,750 (4) 34.59 1/16/04 1/15/14 1,862,133 32,813 14,063 (10) 21.19 8/12/04 8/11/14 279,204 112,500 93,750 (5) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 879,579 43,750 56,250 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 657,724 — 125,000 (12) 41.91 3/20/07 3/19/14 370,595 Totals 656,997 307,813 4,072,913 121,250 4,021,863 2,076,823 Yoram Cedar 40,000 — 17.906 12/14/99 12/13/09 — 18,750 (13) 5/25/06 621,938 392,842 40,000 — 17.188 12/21/00 12/20/10 — 20,000 — 10.95 6/20/01 6/19/11 — 2,500 — 5.41 9/21/01 9/20/11 — 4,500 — 6.41 1/22/02 1/21/12 — 15,000 — 6.13 6/27/02 6/26/12 — 50,000 — 8.87 1/21/03 1/20/13 1,015 65,625 9,376 (4) 34.59 1/16/04 1/15/14 931,066 40,625 9,375 (10) 21.19 8/12/04 8/11/14 186,136 103,125 46,875 (5) 24.18 1/3/05 1/2/15 439,790 45,000 35,000 (11) 44.79 9/23/05 9/22/12 376,354 8,750 11,250 (8) 59.04 2/16/06 2/15/13 131,545 — 100,000 (12) 41.91 3/20/07 3/19/14 296,476 Totals 435,125 211,876 2,362,382 18,750 621,938 392,842 Dr. Randhir Thakur 112,500 87,500 (11) 44.32 9/23/05 9/22/12 931,013 — — 1,224,055 — 125,000 (12) 41.91 3/20/07 3/19/14 370,595 Totals 112,500 212,500 1,301,608 — — 1,224,055 (1) Each stock option grant reported in the table above with a grant
    date before May 27, 2005 was granted under, and is subject
    to, the Company’s 1995 Stock Option Plan. Each stock option
    grant reported in the table above with a grant date on or after
    May 27, 2005 was granted under, and is subject to, the 2005
    Plan. The option expiration date shown in column (f) above
    is the normal expiration date, and the latest date that the
    options 38 Table of Contents may be exercised. The options may terminate earlier in certain
    circumstances described below. For each Named Executive Officer,
    the unexercisable options shown in column (c) above are
    also unvested and will generally terminate if the Named
    Executive Officer’s employment terminates. The exercisable options shown in column (b) above, and any
    unexercisable options shown in column (c) above that
    subsequently become exercisable, will generally expire earlier
    than the normal expiration date if the Named Executive
    Officer’s employment terminates. Unless exercised,
    exercisable stock options will generally terminate within three
    months after the date of termination of employment. However, if
    a Named Executive Officer dies or becomes totally disabled while
    employed with the Company, or if their employment is terminated
    by us without cause or by the executive for good reason with
    twelve (12) months following a change in control,
    exercisable stock options will generally remain exercisable for
    twelve months following the Named Executive Officer’s
    death, disability or termination. In addition, the stock options
    (whether exercisable or not) will immediately terminate if a
    Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated by the
    Company for “misconduct” (as determined under the
    plan). The options may become fully vested and may terminate
    earlier than the normal expiration date if there is a change in
    control of the Company. (2) The stock awards held by our Named Executive Officers are
    subject to accelerated vesting in connection with certain
    changes in control of the Company and upon certain terminations
    of employment in connection with a change in control of the
    Company, as described in more detail above under “Grants of
    Plan-Based Awards” and below under “Potential Payments
    Upon Termination or Change in Control.” Except as otherwise
    indicated in those sections, unvested stock awards will
    generally be forfeited if a Named Executive Officer’s
    employment terminates. (3) The market or payout value of stock awards reported in column
    (j) is computed by multiplying the number of shares or
    units of stock reported in column (h) by $33.17, the
    closing market price of our common stock on December 31,
    2007, the last trading day of 2007. (4) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in full on January 16, 2008. (5) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in five substantially equal installments on January 3,
    2008 and each successive three month anniversary of
    January 3, 2008. (6) The unvested portion of this option award was scheduled to vest
    in six substantially equal installments on February 27,
    2008 and each successive three month anniversary of
    February 27, 2008. (7) The unvested portion of this option award was scheduled to vest
    in nine substantially equal installments on February 16,
    2008 and each successive three month anniversary of
    February 16, 2008. (8) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in nine substantially equal installments on
    February 16, 2008 and each successive three month
    anniversary of February 16, 2008. (9) The unvested portion of this option award was scheduled to vest
    in two substantially equal installments on March 21, 2008
    and June 21, 2008. (10) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in three substantially equal installments on
    February 12, 2008, May 12, 2008 and August 12,
    2008. (11) The unvested portions of these option awards were scheduled to
    vest in seven substantially equal installments on March 23,
    2008 and each successive three month anniversary of
    March 23, 2008. (12) Of the unvested portions of these option awards, 25% of the
    options were scheduled to vest on March 20, 2008. The
    remaining 75% of the options are scheduled to vest in twelve
    substantially equal installments on each successive three month
    anniversary of March 20, 2008. (13) The unvested portions of these stock awards were scheduled to
    vest in three substantially equal installments on
    February 16, 2008, February 16, 2009 and
    February 16, 2010. (14) The unvested portion of this stock award was scheduled to vest
    in four substantially equal installments on March 20 2008,
    March 20, 2009, March 20, 2010 and March 20, 2011. (15) The unvested portion of this stock award was scheduled to vest
    in full on March 20, 2008. 39 Table of Contents OPTION
    EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2007 The following table presents information regarding the exercise
    of stock options by Named Executive Officers during fiscal 2007,
    and on the vesting during fiscal 2007 of stock awards previously
    granted to the Named Executive Officers. Option Awards Stock Awards Number of Shares Number of Shares Acquired on Value Realized on Acquired on Value Realized on Exercise Exercise Vesting Vesting Name (#) ($)(1) (#) ($)(1) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Dr. Eli Harari 225,000 10,677,125 25,000 1,003,250 Judy Bruner 30,000 1,207,338 12,500 501,625 Sanjay Mehrotra 95,000 3,968,800 18,750 752,438 Yoram Cedar 20,000 763,074 6,250 250,813 Dr. Randhir Thakur — — 37,500 2,008,500 (1) The dollar amounts shown in column (c) above for option
    awards are determined by multiplying (i) the number of
    shares of the Company’s Common Stock to which the exercise
    of the option related, by (ii) the difference between the
    per-share closing price of our Common Stock on the date of
    exercise and the exercise price of the options. The dollar
    amounts shown in column (e) above for stock awards are
    determined by multiplying the number of shares or units, as
    applicable, that vested by the per-share closing price of the
    Company’s Common Stock on the vesting date. POTENTIAL
    PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL The following section describes the benefits that may become
    payable to Named Executive Officers in connection with certain
    terminations of their employment with the Company and/or a
    change in control of the Company. As prescribed by the
    SEC’s disclosure rules, in calculating the amount of any
    potential payments to these Named Executive Officers, we have
    assumed that the applicable triggering event (i.e., termination
    of employment or change in control) occurred on
    December 31, 2007 and that the price per share of the
    Company’s Common Stock is equal to the closing price per
    share on December 31, 2007, the last trading day in 2007. In addition to the change in control and termination benefits
    described below, outstanding share-based awards held by our
    Named Executive Officers may also be subject to accelerated
    vesting in connection with certain changes in control of the
    Company under the terms of our equity incentive plans as noted
    under “Grants of Plan-Based Awards” and
    “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
    2007 Year-End” above. The estimated value of
    accelerated vesting under the Company’s equity incentive
    plans is covered below under the description of these Named
    Executive Officers’ severance arrangements. As described below, if the benefits payable to a Named Executive
    Officer in connection with a change in control of the Company
    would be subject to the excise tax imposed under
    Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
    (“Section 280G”), the Company will make an
    additional payment (a “gross-up payment”) to the executive so that the net amount of such
    payment (after taxes) he or she receives is sufficient to pay
    the excise tax due. For purposes of calculating the
    Section 280G excise tax, we have assumed that the Named
    Executive Officer’s outstanding equity awards would be
    accelerated and terminated in exchange for a cash payment upon
    the change in control. Based on this assumption, and as
    indicated in the chart below, had the Named Executive Officers
    terminated employment under their respective change in control
    agreements on December 31, 2007, the Company estimates that
    no gross-up payment would have been payable to the Named Executive Officers.
    The value of this acceleration of vesting would be higher if the
    accelerated awards were assumed by the acquiring company rather
    than terminated upon the transaction; however, the Company
    estimates that this increase in value would not have been
    significant enough to trigger a gross-up payment. For purposes other than calculating the
    Section 280G excise tax, we have calculated the value of
    any option or stock award that may be accelerated in connection
    with a change in control of the Company to be the full value of
    such award (i.e., the full “spread” value for option
    awards and the full price per share of Common Stock for stock
    awards). 40 Table of Contents Change of
    Control Benefits Agreements with Named Executive
    Officers As indicated above, the Company has entered into a change of
    control agreement with each Named Executive Officer. The
    agreements are substantially identical (except as noted below
    with respect to Dr. Harari) and provide for certain
    benefits to be paid to the Named Executive Officer in connection
    with a change of control and/or termination of employment with the Company under the
    circumstances described below. Change of Control Benefits. Upon a
    “Change of Control” (as defined in the change in
    control agreement) of the Company, for purposes of the Named
    Executive Officer’s vesting in then outstanding and
    unvested equity awards, the Named Executive Officer will be
    treated as having completed one additional year of vesting
    service as of the date of the Change of Control. The remaining
    unvested portions of the equity awards will continue to vest in
    accordance with their normal terms, but subject to the Named
    Executive Officer’s additional year of deemed vesting
    service. If a Change in Control of the Company had occurred on
    December 31, 2007, the Company estimates that the value of
    the one year acceleration of equity awards for each Named
    Executive Officer with a change in control agreement would have
    been as follows: Dr. Harari ($1,632,750), Ms. Bruner
    ($1,429,625), Mr. Mehrotra ($2,376,837), Dr. Thakur
    ($0) and Mr. Cedar ($656,750). The Company estimates that
    this acceleration of vesting by itself would not trigger excise
    taxes under Section 280G for any Named Executive Officer. Severance Benefits — Termination of Employment in
    Connection with Change in Control. In the event a
    Named Executive Officer’s employment is terminated by the
    Company (or a successor) without “Cause” (and not on
    account of the Named Executive Officer’s death or
    disability) or by the Named Executive Officer for “Good
    Reason” (as those terms are defined in the change in
    control agreement) within twelve months following a Change of
    Control of the Company, the Named Executive Officer will be
    entitled to severance pay that includes: (i) a lump sum
    cash payment equal to one (1) times (two (2) times for
    Dr. Harari) the sum of (A) the Named Executive
    Officer’s annual base salary as of the Change of Control or
    termination of employment, whichever is greater, plus
    (B) the Named Executive Officer’s target annual bonus
    for the year of termination; (ii) for a period of
    24 months following the termination date, continuation of
    the same or equivalent life, health, disability, vision, dental
    and other insurance coverage for the Named Executive Officer and
    his or her spouse and eligible dependents as the Named Executive
    Officer was receiving immediately prior to the Change of
    Control; (iii) accelerated vesting of the Named Executive
    Officer’s equity awards to the extent outstanding on the
    termination date and not otherwise vested, with accelerated
    options to remain exercisable for twelve months following the
    termination (subject to the maximum term of the option);
    (iv) for a period of twelve months following the
    termination, executive-level outplacement benefits (which shall
    include at least resume assistance, career evaluation and
    assessment, individual career counseling, financial counseling,
    access to one or more on-line employment databases, private
    office and office support); and (v) in the event that the
    Named Executive Officer’s benefits are subject to the
    excise tax imposed under Section 280G, a gross-up payment so that the net amount of such payment (after taxes) he
    or she receives is sufficient to pay the excise tax due. The following table lists the Named Executive Officers and the
    estimated amounts they would have become entitled to under their
    change of control agreement had their employment with the
    Company terminated on December 31, 2007 under circumstances
    described above. Estimated Total Estimated Total Value of Health Estimated Total Estimated Value of Estimated Total Value of Cash Coverage Value of Equity Outplacement Value of Excise Tax Payment Continuation Acceleration Benefits “Gross-Up” Name ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Dr. Eli Harari 3,816,000 23,100 3,580,625 50,000 — Sanjay Mehrotra 994,500 32,500 5,033,150 50,000 — Judy Bruner 832,500 32,500 2,329,114 50,000 — Dr. Randhir Thakur 674,888 32,500 0 50,000 — Yoram Cedar 674,888 32,500 1,155,656 50,000 — 41 Table of Contents CERTAIN
    TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS The Audit Committee is responsible for review, approval, or
    ratification of “related-person transactions” between
    the Company or its subsidiaries and related persons. Under the
    SEC rules, a related person is a director, officer, nominee for
    director, or 5% stockholder of the company since the beginning
    of the last fiscal year and their immediate family members. The
    Company has adopted written policies and procedures that apply
    to any transaction or series of transactions in which the
    Company or a subsidiary is a participant, the amount involved
    exceeds $120,000, and a related person has a direct or indirect
    material interest. The Audit Committee has determined that,
    barring additional facts or circumstances, a related person does
    not have a direct or indirect material interest in the following
    categories of transactions: • any transaction with another company for which a related
    person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an
    executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than
    5% of that company’s shares, if the amount involved does
    not exceed the greater of $200,000, or 2% of that company’s
    total annual revenue; • compensation to executive officers determined by the
    Compensation Committee; • compensation to directors determined by the Board; • transactions in which all security holders receive proportional
    benefits; and • banking-related services involving a bank depository of funds,
    transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or
    similar service. Transactions involving related persons that are not included in
    one of the above categories are generally reviewed by the
    Company’s legal department. The legal department determines
    whether a related person could have a significant interest in
    such a transaction, and any such transaction is forwarded to the
    Audit Committee for review. The Audit Committee determines
    whether the related person has a material interest in a
    transaction and may approve, ratify, rescind, or take other
    action with respect to the transaction in its discretion. Irwin Federman, the Company’s Vice Chairman of the Board of
    Directors, Lead Independent Director and a member of the
    Company’s Compensation and Audit Committees, is a general
    partner of U.S. Venture Partners, a venture capital firm.
    One of U.S. Venture Partners’ funds holds a 13%
    interest in Intermolecular, Inc, a privately held company.
    Mr. Federman also serves on Intermolecular’s board of
    directors. In August 2006, the Company entered into an agreement
    with Intermolecular pursuant to which Intermolecular agreed to
    provide research and development services to the Company. In
    2006 and 2007, the Company paid Intermolecular $1.5 and
    $5.0 million, respectively, for services rendered. In light
    of the relationship between Mr. Federman and
    Intermolecular, Inc., the Audit Committee reviewed and approved
    the Company’s transactions with Intermolecular, Inc. 42 Table of Contents CERTAIN
    TRANSACTIONS The Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation, as amended (the “Certificate”)
    authorizes the Company to provide indemnification of the
    Company’s Directors and officers, and the Company’s
    Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) require the Company to
    indemnify its Directors and officers, to the fullest extent
    permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
    “DGCL”). In addition, each of the Company’s
    current Directors and executive officers has entered into a
    separate indemnification agreement with the Company. Finally,
    the Certificate and Bylaws limit the liability of Directors to
    the Company or its stockholders to the fullest extent permitted
    by the DGCL. The Company intends that all future transactions between the
    Company and its officers, Directors, principal stockholders and
    their affiliates be approved by the Audit Committee, and be on
    terms no less favorable to the Company than could be obtained
    from unaffiliated third parties. OTHER
    BUSINESS The Board of Directors knows of no other business that will be
    presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If other
    matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, however,
    it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying
    proxy to vote the shares represented thereby on such matters in
    accordance with their best judgment. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, Eli Harari Chairman of the Board, Director and Chief Executive Officer April 11, 2008 43 Table of Contents VOTE BY INTERNET — www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for
electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time SANDISK CORPORATION the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your
proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the 601 MCCARTHY BLVD. instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic MILPITAS, CA 95035 voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE STOCKHOLDER
COMMUNICATIONS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by SanDisk
Corporation in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving
all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports
electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic
delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the
Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive
or access shareholder communications electronically in future years. VOTE BY PHONE — 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions
up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date
or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and
then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-
paid envelope we have provided or return it to SanDisk Corporation,
c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: SNDSK1 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.
SANDISK CORPORATION
The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR” the
election of the Nominees listed below.
A. Election of Directors            For            Against
Nominees: 1a. Dr. Eli Harari 0 0
B. Issues 1b. Irwin Federman 0 0 The Board of Directors recommends a vote “FOR” the            For            Against            Abstain
following proposal. 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young
LLP as the
1c. Steven J. Gomo 0 0 0 0 0 Company’s independent registered public
accounting firm
for the fiscal year ending December 28,
2008. 1d. Eddy W. Hartenstein 0 0 The Board of Directors recommends a vote “AGAINST”
the following proposal. 1e. Catherine P. Lego 0 0 3. To consider a            regarding majority 0 0 0 stockholder
proposal
voting for
Directors of the
Company.
1f. Michael E. Marks 0 0 C. Authorized Signatures — Sign Below — This section must be completed for
your instructions
to be executed. 1g. Dr. James D. Meindl 0 0 (NOTE: Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. All holders must sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners
should each
sign personally. If a corporation, please sign in full corporate name, by authorized officer. If a
partnership,
please sign in partnership name by authorized person.)
Please            indicate if you            meeting materials 0 0 Please indicate if you plan to attend this meeting. 0 0 wish to view
electronically via the Internet rather than            receiving a hard
copy, please note that you will continue to receive a proxy card
for voting purposes only Yes            No            Yes            No Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date            Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting: The Proxy, Annual Report and Letter to Stockholders are available at www.proxyvote.com. SANDISK CORPORATION Proxy — SanDisk Corporation THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF SANDISK CORPORATION’S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 28, 2008 Eli Harari and Judy Bruner, or either of them, are hereby appointed as the lawful agents and
proxies of the undersigned (with all powers the undersigned would possess if personally present,
including full power of substitution and resubstitution) to represent and to vote all shares of
Common Stock of SanDisk Corporation (the “Company”) which the undersigned is entitled to vote at
the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 28, 2008 at 8:00 a.m., local time,
and at any adjournments or postponements thereof, as follows: The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of Directors, FOR proposal 2 and AGAINST
proposal 3. This proxy will be voted as directed, or, if no direction is indicated, will be voted
FOR proposal 1, FOR proposal 2 and AGAINST proposal 3, and, at the discretion of the persons named
as proxies, upon such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or any postponement or
adjournment thereof. This proxy may be revoked at any time before it is voted. Address Changes/Comments: (If you noted any Address Changes/Comments above, please mark
corresponding box on the reverse side.) Text