DEF 14A 1 a2219619zdef14a.htm DEF 14A Use these links to rapidly review the document TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) Filed by the Registrant ý Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ý Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to § 240.14a-12 SANDISK CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ý No fee required. o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) Total fee paid: o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials: o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) Amount Previously Paid: (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) Filing Party: (4) Date Filed: Table of Contents SANDISK CORPORATION 951 SanDisk Drive Milpitas, California 95035 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on June 19, 2014 To Our Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), to be held on June 19, 2014 at 8:00 a.m., local time, at the Company's headquarters, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035, for the following
purposes: 1. To
elect eight directors to serve on the Company's Board of Directors for the ensuing year and until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified. The eight director nominees are Irwin Federman, Steven J. Gomo, Eddy W. Hartenstein, Dr. Chenming Hu, Catherine P. Lego, Michael E. Marks, Sanjay Mehrotra, and D. Scott Mercer. 2. To
approve an amendment to the Company's 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 3. To
ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
December 28, 2014. 4. To
pass an advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers. 5. To
transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The
foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement that accompanies this Notice. The Company's Board of Directors recommends that you vote (1) "FOR"
each of the director nominees listed above; (2) "FOR" the approval of the amendment to the Company's 2005 Employee
Stock Purchase Plans; (3) "FOR" ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP; and (4) "FOR" the advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's
Named Executive Officers. Only
stockholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2014 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. Regardless
of whether you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible so that your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. For
specific voting instructions, please refer to the instructions on the proxy card or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that was mailed to you. If you attend the meeting, you may
revoke your proxy and vote your shares in person. We
look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Michael E. Marks Chairman of the Board of Directors Milpitas,
California April 28, 2014 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORT The Company's proxy materials and Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at www.sandisk.com/IR. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT 1 General 1 Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and Annual
Report 1 Voting Rights 1 Stockholders Sharing the Same Last Name and Address 3 Revocability of Proxies 3 Solicitation of Proxies 3 Annual Meeting Admission 4 Stockholder Proposals to be Presented at the 2015 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders 4 PROPOSAL NO. 1—ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 5 Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees for Election as
Directors 5 Board Governance 10 Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 14 Consideration of Director Nominees 15 Director Compensation 17 PROPOSAL NO. 2 —APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE
SANDISK CORPORATION 2005 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS 22 PROPOSAL NO. 3—RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 28 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 30 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 30 PROPOSAL NO. 4—ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE
NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SANDISK CORPORATION 31 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 32 Executive Summary 32 Say-on-Pay 34 Executive Compensation Program Overview 35 Elements of the Current Executive Compensation Program 38 Clawback Policy on Cash-Based Incentive Awards 40 Stock Ownership Guidelines 45 Insider Trading Policy 45 Section 162(m) Policy 45 Accounting for Share-based Compensation 46 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 47 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 48 Summary Compensation Table—Fiscal Years 2011—2013 48 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2013 50 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2013 Year-End 54 Options Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2013 56 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 56 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT 58 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 60 EQUITY COMPENSATION INFORMATION FOR PLANS OR INDIVIDUAL ARRANGEMENTS WITH
EMPLOYEES AND NON-EMPLOYEES 61 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS 62 OTHER BUSINESS 64 ANNEX A—NON-GAAP TO GAAP RECONCILIATIONS A-1 ANNEX B—PROPOSED AMENDED 2005 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN AND 2005 INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE
STOCK PURCHASE PLAN B-1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF SANDISK CORPORATION TO BE HELD JUNE 19, 2014 General This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors" or the
"Board" and each member thereof, a "Director") of SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company," "SanDisk," "we," "us," or "our"), of proxies to be voted at the Company's 2014 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") to be held on June 19, 2014, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes described herein. Stockholders of record at the close
of business on April 21, 2014 (the "Record Date") will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held at 8:00 a.m., local time, on June 19, 2014, at
the Company's headquarters, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. These
materials will be made available to stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on or about April 28, 2014. Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and Annual Report Pursuant to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), the Company is furnishing its proxy materials and
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Proxy Materials") primarily via the Internet. Accordingly, the Company will send a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the "Notice") to its
stockholders of record and beneficial owners on or about May 2, 2014. All stockholders will have the ability to access the Proxy Materials on the website referred to in the Notice or to request
a printed set of the Proxy Materials. Instructions on how to access the Proxy Materials over the Internet or to request a printed copy of the Proxy Materials may be found in the Notice. In addition,
stockholders may request to receive the Proxy Materials in printed form by mail, or electronically by e-mail, on an ongoing basis. Choosing
to receive future Proxy Materials electronically saves the Company the cost of printing and mailing documents to its stockholders, expedites receipt of the materials and
conserves natural resources. If a stockholder chooses to receive future Proxy Materials electronically, the stockholder will receive an e-mail for each future proxy material distribution with
instructions containing a link to those materials and a link to the proxy voting site. Any stockholder's election to receive the Proxy Materials electronically will remain in effect until such
stockholder terminates the request. The
Proxy Materials are also available at the Company's website at www.sandisk.com/IR. In addition, the Company will provide copies of any of the Proxy Materials free of charge to any
stockholder who
requests copies by calling 1-800-579-1639 or by sending an e-mail with the 12-Digit Control Number found on the Notice or proxy card in the subject line to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. Voting Rights On the Record Date, approximately 226,211,291 shares of the Company's common stock (the "Common Stock") were outstanding and
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. The presence in person or by proxy of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the
Annual Meeting. 1 Table of Contents In
addition to voting in person at the Annual Meeting, stockholders may vote by proxy as follows: Internet. A stockholder can submit a proxy over the Internet by following the instructions provided in the Notice or on the separate
proxy card or
voting information form. Telephone. A stockholder can submit a proxy over the telephone by following the instructions provided in the proxy card or separate
voting
information form. Mail. A stockholder that received a printed set of the Proxy Materials can submit a proxy by mail by completing, signing and returning
the separate
proxy card in the prepaid and addressed envelope included with the Proxy Materials. Stockholders
are urged to specify their votes on the proxy they submit by Internet, telephone or mail. If you submit a proxy, but do not specify how you want to vote on a proposal, in
the absence of contrary instructions, the shares of Common Stock represented by such proxy will be voted as the Board
recommends on each proposal and the persons named as proxies will vote on any other matters properly presented at the Annual Meeting in accordance with their best judgment. Stockholder votes will be
tabulated by a representative of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Each
share of Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date is entitled to one vote on each of the eight Director nominees and one vote on each other matter. To be elected, Directors must
receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to such Director ( e.g., the number of shares voted FOR a Director nominee must exceed the
number of shares voted AGAINST that nominee). Under the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, each Director nominee submits, in advance of the Annual Meeting, an irrevocable resignation that will
become effective if (i) a majority of the votes cast in the election are voted AGAINST the Director nominee and (ii) the Board accepts the tendered resignation. The Nominating and
Governance Committee of the Board (the "Nominating and Governance Committee") considers any tendered resignation and makes a recommendation to the Board about whether to accept or reject the
resignation, or to take other action. The Board will consider and act on the Nominating and Governance Committee's recommendation within 90 days from the date that the election results are
certified and will disclose its action publicly within four business days of its decision. With
respect to the approval of the amendment to extend the term of the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plans, the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the
Company's independent registered public accounting firm and the advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers (who are identified below in "Compensation
Discussion and Analysis"), you may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN with respect to each proposal. In order to be approved, each of these proposals requires the affirmative FOR vote of a majority in
voting power of the shares of Common Stock which are present in person or represented by proxy and which are entitled to vote on the proposal. Any ABSTAIN vote will have the same effect as a vote
AGAINST the matter. If
your shares of Common Stock are held in "street name" ( i.e. , held for your benefit through a broker, bank, or other nominee), you have
the right to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account. Please contact your bank, broker or other nominee to obtain a voting
information form for you to use to direct how your shares should be voted. If you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares in person at the Annual
Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from the bank, broker or other nominee that holds your shares of Common Stock, giving you the right to vote the shares instead of the bank, broker or other
nominee holding your shares. A broker or nominee is entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial holder on routine matters, such as the ratification of the appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, without instructions from the beneficial holder of those shares. On the other hand, absent instructions 2 Table of Contents from
the beneficial holder of such shares, a broker or nominee is not entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial holder on non-routine items considered at the Annual Meeting, such as the election
of Directors, the approval of the amendment to the 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and the advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers. Consequently,
if you do not give your broker specific instructions, your shares may not be voted on the non-routine matters and will not be counted in determining the number of shares necessary for approval.
However, abstentions and broker non-votes ( i.e ., when a stockholder does not provide voting instructions to their broker or nominee) will count for
purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. Please instruct your broker or nominee so your vote can be counted on all proposals. Stockholders Sharing the Same Last Name and Address To reduce the expense of delivering duplicate proxy materials to stockholders who may have more than one account holding Common Stock
but who share the same address, the Company has adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called "householding." Under this procedure, certain stockholders of record who have the same address and last
name, and who do not participate in electronic delivery of proxy materials, will receive only one copy of the Notice and the Proxy Materials that are delivered until such time as one or more of these
stockholders notifies the Company otherwise. Stockholders
who receive a single set of Proxy Materials as a result of householding and wish to have separate copies of the Notice or the Proxy Materials may submit a request to:
Investor Relations, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035, or call the Company's Investor Relations department at (408) 801-1000, and the Company will promptly comply
with such request. Stockholders may contact the Company's Investor Relations representative at the phone number above if it receives multiple copies of the Proxy Materials and would prefer to receive
a single copy in the future. Revocability of Proxies Any person giving a proxy has the power to revoke it at any time before the close of voting. Stockholders as of the Record Date may
revoke their proxy by filing with the Secretary of the Company an instrument of revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date, or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. If
your shares of Common Stock are held in "street name" ( i.e. , held for your benefit through a broker, bank, or other nominee), contact your broker or
nominee for specific instructions on revoking your vote. Solicitation of Proxies The Board is soliciting proxies for the Annual Meeting. The Company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies. Copies of solicitation
materials will be furnished to brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding shares in their names that are beneficially owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. The Company may
reimburse such persons for the costs they incur to forward the solicitation material to such beneficial owners. The original solicitation of proxies may be supplemented by solicitation by telephone,
facsimile or other means by Directors, officers or employees of the Company. No additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for these services. The Company may enlist the help of banks
and brokerage firms in soliciting proxies from their customers and reimburse the banks and brokerage firms for related out-of-pocket expenses. 3 Table of Contents Annual Meeting Admission All stockholders entitled to vote as of the Record Date are entitled to attend the Annual Meeting. Such individuals should be prepared
to present government-issued photo identification, such as a valid driver's license or passport, and verification of ownership of Common Stock or proxy status as of the Record Date for admittance. For
stockholders of record as of the Record Date, proof of ownership as of the Record Date may be verified prior to admittance into the Annual Meeting. For stockholders who were not stockholders as of the
Record Date but hold shares through a bank, broker or other nominee holder, proof of beneficial ownership as of the Record Date, such as an account statement or similar evidence of ownership, may be
verified prior to admittance into the Annual Meeting. For proxy holders, proof of valid proxy status may be verified prior to admittance into the Annual Meeting. Stockholders and proxy holders will be
admitted to the Annual Meeting if they comply with these procedures. Stockholder Proposals to be Presented at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be presented by such stockholders at the 2015 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders must be received by the Company no later than December 29, 2014 in order that they may be included in the Proxy Statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting. If the
stockholder proposal is to be presented at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders but is not to be included in the Proxy Statement, the notice of proposal must be received no earlier than
January 20, 2015 and no later than February 19, 2015 and with such information required by the Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws (the "Bylaws"). 4 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board currently consists of eight members. All current Directors have been recommended for nomination by the Nominating and
Governance Committee, have been nominated by the Board for re-election and are standing for re-election. Seven nominees were elected to the Board by the stockholders at the 2013 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and one nominee, Mr. Mercer, was appointed by the Board on September 11, 2013. Mr. DeNuccio resigned from the Board, effective February 3, 2014. The Board has
determined that each of the nominees listed below, other than Mr. Mehrotra and Dr. Hu, is independent as defined under SEC rules and the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Select
Market ("NASDAQ"). The Board determined that Dr. Hu is not independent because, as discussed below in "Certain Transactions and Relationships," Dr. Hu entered into Consulting Services
Agreements with the Company in October 2013 and January 2014. There are no family relationships between any executive officer, as defined in Rule 3b-7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (an "executive officer"), and any Director nominee. Directors elected to the
Board will serve for the ensuing year and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. In the event that any Director nominee is unavailable to serve, which is not anticipated,
the proxies will be voted for any nominee who is designated by the current Board to fill the vacancy. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies received by them "FOR" each
of the nominees named below. In accordance with the procedures described above under "Voting Rights," a Director nominee must receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to his or her election
to the Board. The proxies solicited by this Proxy Statement may not be voted for more than eight nominees. Set
forth below is information regarding the nominees to the Board as of March 3, 2014. Name Position(s) with the Company Age First Elected/Appointed as a Director Michael E. Marks (1) Chairman of the Board 63 2003 Irwin Federman (2)(3) Director 78 1988 Steven J. Gomo (2)(3) Director 61 2005 Eddy W. Hartenstein (1) Director 63 2005 Dr. Chenming Hu Director 66 2009 Catherine P. Lego (3)(4) Director 57 2004 Sanjay Mehrotra President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 55 2010 D. Scott Mercer (2)(3) Director 63 2013 (1) Member
of the Nominating and Governance Committee. (2) Member
of the Compensation Committee. (3) Member
of the Audit Committee. (4) Ms. Lego
served as a member of the Board from 1989 to 2002 and returned to the Board in May 2004. Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees for Election as Directors Mr. Federman has served as a Director of the Company since September 1988. Employment
History: Mr. Federman has been a general partner in U.S. Venture Partners, a venture capital firm, since April 1990. Mr. Federman was President and Chief
Executive Officer from 1979 to 1987, and Chief Financial Officer from 1970 to 1979, at Monolithic Memories, Inc., a semiconductor company. 5 Table of Contents Education:
Mr. Federman has a B.S. in Economics from Brooklyn College and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering from Santa Clara University. Current
Board Service: Mr. Federman has served as a director of Intermolecular, Inc. since June 2005, Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. since June 1999 and Check Point
Software Technologies Ltd. since 1995. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Federman has served in many senior leadership roles in the semiconductor industry throughout his career. The Board values Mr. Federman's
experience serving as the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of a large, complex, publicly-held technology company, his venture capital experience, which is important to the Board's
understanding of business development, financing, strategic alternatives and industry trends, and his extensive experience on the boards of publicly-held technology companies. The Board also values
Mr. Federman's significant experience, expertise and background in financial and accounting matters, including in the technology industry. Mr. Gomo has served as a Director of the Company since December 2005. Employment
History: Mr. Gomo was Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer from October 2004 until his retirement in December 2011, and Senior Vice President,
Finance and Chief Financial Officer from August 2002 to September 2004, at NetApp, Inc., a storage and data management company. Mr. Gomo was also Chief Financial Officer of Gemplus
International S.A. from November 2000 to April 2002, Chief Financial Officer of Asera, Inc. from February 2000 to November 2000 and Chief Financial Officer of Silicon
Graphics, Inc. from February 1998 to February 2000. Previously, Mr. Gomo spent 24 years at Hewlett-Packard Company serving in various finance, financial management, manufacturing
and general management positions. Education:
Mr. Gomo has a B.S. in Business Administration from Oregon State University and an M.B.A. from Santa Clara University. Current
Board Service: Mr. Gomo has served as a director of Enphase Energy, Inc. since March 2011, NetSuite, Inc. since April 2012, and on the Board of Trustees for
the Foundation of Oregon State University since October 2011. Prior
Board Service: Mr. Gomo previously served as a director and member of the Audit Committee of Macromedia, Inc. from April 2004 until its acquisition in December 2005. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Gomo's service as Chief Financial Officer of NetApp, Inc., as well as various senior finance roles with other companies in the technology
industry, provides him with valuable insight into the Company's business. The Board also values Mr. Gomo's significant experience, expertise and background in financial and accounting matters
in the technology industry. Mr. Hartenstein has served as a Director of the Company since November 2005. Employment
History: Mr. Hartenstein was President and Chief Executive Officer of the Tribune Company, a multimedia, publishing, digital media and broadcasting company, from May
2011 to January 2013. Mr. Hartenstein has also been publisher and Chief Executive Officer of the Los Angeles Times since August 2008. Mr. Hartenstein was Chief Executive Officer from
2001 to 2004, and President from 1990 to 2001, of DIRECTV, Inc., a television service provider. Mr. Hartenstein was inducted into the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame in
2008, the Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame in 2002 and the National Academy of Engineering in 2001, and received an Emmy from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for lifetime
achievement in 2007. 6 Table of Contents Education:
Mr. Hartenstein has a B.S. in Aerospace Engineering and Mathematics from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, and an M.S. in Applied Mechanics from the
California Institute of Technology. Current
Board Service: Mr. Hartenstein has served as a director of Sirius XM Radio Inc. since July 2008, including as the non-executive Chairman of the board of directors
since November 2009, and as a director of Broadcom Corporation since June 2008 and City of Hope since 2007. Mr. Hartenstein has also served as a member of the Tribune Company board of directors
since January 2013. Prior
Board Service: Mr. Hartenstein previously served as Vice Chairman of the board of directors of The DIRECTV Group, Inc. from December 2003 until his retirement in
December 2004, Chairman of the board of directors of DIRECTV, Inc. from 2001 through 2004 and as a director of Thomson, S.A. (Thomson Multimedia) from 1999 until 2008. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Hartenstein has experience in media relations and the communications industry and the Board benefits from his deep experience in the distribution of
media content through a variety of channels. Mr. Hartenstein also brings significant senior leadership, technological and industry expertise to the Board. Mr. Hartenstein's experience as
a director of other public companies provides insights with regard to the operation of the Board and its role in overseeing the Company. The Board also values Mr. Hartenstein's previous
experience, including as the chief executive officer, of large, complex, publicly-held companies. Dr. Hu has served as a Director of the Company since August 2009. Employment
History: Dr. Hu has been the TSMC Distinguished Chair Professor of Microelectronics in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences since 2001, and a professor since
1976, at the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Hu was also Chief Technology Officer of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, a semiconductor company, from June 2001 to July 2004.
Dr. Hu is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Academia Sinica. Education:
Dr. Hu has a B.S. from National Taiwan University and an M.S. and a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley, all in electrical engineering. Current
Board Service: Dr. Hu has served as a director of Inphi Corporation since August 2010, Ambarella, Inc. since November 2011 and Fortinet, Inc. since August
2012. Prior
Board Service: Dr. Hu previously served as a director of FormFactor, Inc. from December 2009 to December 2010, MoSys, Inc. from January 2005 to June 2010 and
was founding Chairman of the board of directors of Celestry Design Technologies, Inc. Director
Qualifications: Dr. Hu has experience and expertise in the technologies used and supported by the Company, which is useful in the Board's understanding of the Company's
research and development efforts, competing technologies and the products and processes that the Company develops. Dr. Hu's experience as an educator aids his ability to communicate and inform
the Board about technology and industry developments and trends. The Board also benefits from Dr. Hu's experience on the boards of other publicly-held technology companies. 7 Table of Contents Ms. Lego served as a Director of the Company from 1989 to 2002 and returned to the Board in May 2004. Employment
History: Ms. Lego was a General Partner of The Photonics Fund, an early stage venture capital fund focused on investing in components, modules and systems companies for
the fiber optics telecommunications market, from December 1999 to December 2009. Ms. Lego was a general partner at Oak Investment Partners, a venture capital firm, from 1981 to 1992.
Ms. Lego previously practiced as a Certified Public Accountant with Coopers and Lybrand. Education:
Ms. Lego has a B.A. from Williams College and an M.S. in Accounting from the New York University Graduate School of Business. Current
Board Service: Ms. Lego has served as a director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Lam Research Corporation since January 2006. In August 2013, Ms. Lego joined
the board of directors of Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc. and serves on its compensation and nominating and governance committees. Prior
Board Service: Ms. Lego served as a director of the Cosworth Group, a private United Kingdom-based precision engineering products and services company from March 2011 to
June 2013. Ms. Lego also previously served as a director and Chair of the Audit Committee of WJ Communications, Inc. from October 2004 to May 2008 and StrataLight
Communication, Inc. from September 2007 to January 2009. Director
Qualifications: Ms. Lego's financial expertise, leadership skills and experience as a director of other public companies are valuable to the Board's operations. The Board
values Ms. Lego's significant experience, expertise and background in financial and accounting matters, including in the technology industry. Ms. Lego's venture capital experience aids
the Board's understanding of business development, financing, strategic alternatives and industry trends. Mr. Marks has served as a Director of the Company since August 2003 and as Chairman of the Board since January 2011. Employment
History: Mr. Marks has managed Riverwood Capital, LLC (formerly Bigwood Capital, LLC), a private equity firm, since March 2007. Mr. Marks was
interim Chief Executive Officer of Tesla Motors, Inc., a company that designs and manufactures electric vehicles, from August 2007 to November 2007. Mr. Marks was also a senior adviser
from January 2007 to January 2008, and a member from January 2006 until January 2007, at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., a private equity firm. Mr. Marks was Chief Executive
Officer of Flextronics, Inc., a leading manufacturing services provider, from January 1994 to January 2006. Education:
Mr. Marks has a B.A. and an M.A. in Psychology from Oberlin College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Current
Board Service: Mr. Marks has served as a director of Schlumberger Limited since 2005 and on the Board of Trustees of The Juilliard School since December 2011. Prior
Board Service: Mr. Marks previously served as a director of Flextronics, Inc. from 1991 to January 2008, including as Chairman of the board of directors of
Flextronics, Inc. from 1993 to January 2003 and upon his retirement as Chief Executive Officer in January 2006 until his retirement from the board of directors in January 2008. Mr. Marks
also previously served as a director of Calix Networks, Inc. 8 Table of Contents from
2009 to December 2010, Sun Microsystems, Inc. from April 2007 to January 2010 and Crocs, Inc. from August 2004 to July 2008. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Marks has experience serving as the chief executive officer of a large, complex, publicly-held technology company, which brings valuable senior
leadership, management and operational expertise to the Board. The Board also values Mr. Marks' significant experience, expertise and background in financial and accounting matters, including
in the technology industry. Mr. Marks' private equity experience adds value to the Board's understanding of business development, financing, strategic alternatives and industry trends.
Mr. Marks' experience as a director for other public companies provides valuable insights with regard to the operation of the Board and its role in overseeing the Company. Mr. Mehrotra has served as a Director of the Company since July 2010. Employment
History: Mr. Mehrotra co-founded the Company in 1988 and has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2011. Mr. Mehrotra
previously served in various executive roles for the Company, including as President and Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President of Product
Development, Vice President of Product Development, and Director of Design Engineering. Mr. Mehrotra has 34 years of experience in the non-volatile semiconductor memory industry,
including engineering and management positions at Integrated Device Technology, Inc., SEEQ Technology, Inc., Intel Corporation and Atmel Corporation. Mr. Mehrotra is the named
inventor on over 70 patents and has published numerous articles in the area of non-volatile memory design and flash memory systems. Education:
Mr. Mehrotra has a B.S. and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley. Current
Board Service: Mr. Mehrotra has served as a director of Cavium, Inc. since July 2009, and currently also serves on the Global Semiconductor Alliance, the
Semiconductor Industry Association, the Engineering Advisory Board at the University of California, Berkeley, and the Stanford Graduate School of Business Advisory Council. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Mehrotra, as the co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, offers a unique perspective on the industry and the Company's
operations. Mr. Mehrotra brings significant senior leadership and technological and industry expertise to the Board. The Board values Mr. Mehrotra's experience with the Company as its
co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, which gives the Board a detailed understanding of the Company's business and operations. Mr. D. Scott Mercer has been a director of the Company since September 2013. Employment
History: From April 2008 to April 2011, Mr. Mercer served as the Chief Executive Officer of Conexant Systems, Inc., a semiconductor solutions company that
provides products for imaging, video, audio and Internet connectivity applications. Mr. Mercer served as interim Chief Executive Officer of Adaptec, Inc., a provider of software and
hardware-based storage solutions, from May 2005 through November 2005. Mr. Mercer also served as a senior vice president and advisor to the chief executive officer of Western Digital
Corporation, a supplier of disk drives to the personal computer and consumer electronics industries, from February 2004 through December 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Mercer was a Senior Vice
President and the Chief Financial Officer of Western Digital Corporation from October 2001 through January 2004. From June 2000 to September 2001, Mr. Mercer served as Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Teralogic, Inc. From June 1996 to May 2000, Mr. Mercer held various senior operating and financial positions with Dell, Inc. 9 Table of Contents Education:
Mr. Mercer holds a B.S. in Accounting from California Polytechnic University. Current
Board Service: Mr. Mercer has served as a director of QLogic Corp. since September 2010 and Polycom, Inc. since November 2007. Prior
Board Service: Mr. Mercer served on the board of directors of Conexant from May 2003 to April 2011 and served as Chairman of the board of directors of Conexant from August
2008 to April 2011. In addition to Conexant, Mr. Mercer served on the boards of directors of Adaptec, Inc. from November 2003 to October 2008, SMART Modular Technologies
(WWH), Inc. from June 2007 to January 2009, and Palm, Inc. from June 2005 until July 2010 when Palm was acquired by Hewlett-Packard Company. Director
Qualifications: Mr. Mercer has significant senior management and operational experience over the last 29 years in a number of technology companies.
Mr. Mercer's experience as a senior executive officer, including as both chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of high growth technology companies gives him a strong skill set in
planning, operations, compliance and finance matters. Further, Mr. Mercer has significant public board experience, which adds to his relevant knowledge and experience. A third-party search firm
recommended Mr. Mercer to the Nominating and Governance Committee. Board Governance Corporate Governance Principles and Committee Charters The Board has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Principles, which address important governance policies that assist the Board in
following corporate practices that serve the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, including establishing the Board's procedures for reviewing resignations submitted pursuant to the
Company's majority voting standard. Stockholders
can access the Corporate Governance Principles by clicking on "Corporate Governance" at www.sandisk.com/IR. The Company will also provide copies of the Corporate Governance Principles free of charge
to any stockholder who sends a written request to: Investor Relations, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. The
Board currently has three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. The charters for the Audit Committee, the
Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee are available by clicking on "Corporate Governance" at www.sandisk.com/IR. The Company will also provide copies of any charter free
of charge to any stockholder who sends a written request to: Investor Relations, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. Communications with the Board The Company encourages stockholder communications with its Board and has adopted a policy governing such communications. Under this
policy, individuals may communicate with the Board by sending an email to the Board's attention at: BOD@sandisk.com, or by writing to: Board of Directors, c/o Investor Relations, SanDisk Corporation,
951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. Communications that are intended specifically for non-management Directors should be sent to the attention of the Chair of the Nominating and Governance
Committee. The Company will deliver correspondence to the Board unless the communication is unrelated to the Board's duties, such as spam, junk mail, advertisements, mass mailings, solicitations, job
inquiries or the communication is otherwise irrelevant. 10 Table of Contents Board Meetings and Attendance The Board held seven meetings during fiscal year 2013. During fiscal year 2013, each member of the Board attended or participated in
75% or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board held during the period for which such person has been a Director and (ii) the total number of meetings held
by all committees of the Board on which such person served during the period for which such Director served on the Board. The Company encourages each incumbent Director and each nominee to the Board
to attend its Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. All of the Director nominees who were serving as Directors at the time of the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended that meeting. Audit Committee The Audit Committee of the Board (the "Audit Committee") held eight meetings during fiscal year 2013. The Audit Committee, which during
fiscal year 2013 consisted of Ms. Lego (Chair), Mr. Federman and Mr. Gomo, and, as of September 11, 2013, also included Mr. Mercer, oversees on behalf of the Board
the integrity of the Company's financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, the
Company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the performance of the Company's internal accounting, audit and financial controls. As part of its oversight and review of the Company's
independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee reviews, on an annual basis, the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company's audit engagement team, and monitors
the rotation and selection of the partner-in-charge on the Company's audit engagement team as required by law (including providing input and guidance on which partner to select), which occurs once
every five years. In connection with monitoring the rotation and selection of the partner-in-charge on the Company's audit engagement team, which is set to occur in 2015, the Audit Committee at that
time also conducts a detailed review of the performance of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The
Audit Committee also regularly reviews the Company's enterprise risk assessment and mitigation processes and assists the Board with its oversight and annual review of the Company's
enterprise risk management. The Audit Committee is authorized to conduct investigations, and to retain, at the expense of the Company, independent legal, accounting or other professional consultants
selected by the Audit Committee, for any matters relating to its purposes. The Board adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which was last reviewed and approved in March 2014. The Board
has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the SEC. The Board has also determined that each member of the Audit Committee is an
"independent director" as defined by NASDAQ listing standards and also meets the additional criteria for independence of Audit Committee members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Compensation Committee") held nine meetings during fiscal year. The Compensation
Committee during fiscal year 2013 consisted of Mr. Federman (Chair), Mr. DeNuccio, Dr. Hu (through October 4, 2013) and, as of October 2013, Mr. Gomo joined as a
member. Mr. DeNuccio resigned from the Board and the Compensation Committee, effective February 3, 2014, and Mr. Mercer was appointed to the
Compensation Committee in February 2014. The Compensation Committee has authority for establishing the general compensation policies of the Company, reviewing and setting the compensation of the
Company's executive officers, as defined by NASDAQ listing standards and Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act (the "Section 16 Officers"), evaluating the performance of the Company's
Section 16 Officers, administering the Company's incentive and employee stock purchase plans, including the review and grant of incentive awards to the Company's 11 Table of Contents Section 16
Officers, and recommending to the Board appropriate compensation programs for non-employee directors of the Company (including any equity award policies for non-employee directors).
The Board adopted a charter for the Compensation Committee, which was last reviewed and approved in March 2014. The charter requires, in part, that the Compensation Committee consist of no fewer than
three Directors who satisfy the independence requirements of NASDAQ and applicable law. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee satisfies such independence
requirements. While
the Compensation Committee has primary authority for the administration of the Company's incentive plans for the Company's Section 16 Officers, the Board has delegated
concurrent authority to the Compensation Committee and a committee that may consist of one or more Directors (the "Secondary Board Committee") as well as a committee that may consist of one or more
executive officers of the Company (the "Secondary Executive Committee") for certain other types of share-based awards. The Secondary Board Committee may only grant share-based awards (including stock
options and restricted stock units ("RSUs")) to employees who are not Section 16 Officers. In fiscal year 2013, the Secondary Board Committee consisted of Mr. Mehrotra. The Secondary
Executive Committee may only grant stock options (but not RSUs or other share-based awards) to employees who are not Section 16 Officers. In fiscal year 2013, the Secondary Executive Committee
consisted of Judy Bruner, the Company's Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer, Donald Robertson, the Company's Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Eric S.
Whitaker, the Company's Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer who was appointed to the Secondary Executive Committee in 2013. Share-based awards to the Section 16 Officers are made
exclusively by the Compensation Committee, and share-based awards to non-employee directors of the Company are recommended by the Compensation Committee to the Board for approval. Processes and Procedures. For information on the responsibilities and activities of the Compensation Committee, including the
processes and
procedures for the consideration and determination of Director and executive compensation, see "Director Compensation" and "Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis." Independent Compensation Consultant. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the power, in its discretion, to
retain at the Company's
expense, independent counsel and other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate to assist the Compensation Committee in carrying out its duties. Under its charter, the Compensation Committee has
the express authority to decide whether to retain a compensation consultant to assist in the evaluation of the Company's compensation programs. If the Compensation Committee decides, in its
discretion, to retain a compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate such consultant engaged to assist in the evaluation of the compensation of
the Company's Section 16 Officers (including all of the Named Executive Officers, who are identified below in "Compensation Discussion and Analysis"). In fiscal year 2013, the Compensation
Committee retained Compensia, Inc. ("Compensia"), an outside compensation consultant, to assist in analyzing the Company's peer companies for fiscal year 2014 compensation, evaluating the
competitiveness of the Company's executive compensation programs relative to the Company's fiscal year 2013 peer companies and to provide information on compensation-related trends and developments in
the Company's industry and fiscal year 2013 peer companies, including equity award practices. Compensia did not provide any other services to the Company. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. The Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2013 consisted of
Mr. Federman
(Chair), Mr. DeNuccio, Dr. Hu (through October 4, 2013) and, as of October 2013, Mr. Gomo joined as a member. Mr. DeNuccio resigned from the Board and the
Compensation Committee, effective February 3, 2014, and Mr. Mercer was appointed to the Compensation Committee in February 2014. In fiscal year 2013, no member of the Compensation 12 Table of Contents Committee
was a current or former executive officer or employee of the Company. See "Certain Transactions and Relationships" for a description of a transaction occurring during fiscal year 2013
involving Mr. Federman and a transaction occurring during fiscal year 2013 involving Dr. Hu, each of which requires disclosure by the Company under the SEC's rules requiring disclosure
of certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of the Company's executive officers served as a director or a member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent
function) of any other entity, the executive officers of which served as a Director or member of the Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013. Analysis of Risk in Compensation Programs. In setting compensation, the Compensation Committee also considers the risks to the
Company's
stockholders, and the Company as a whole, arising out of the Company's compensation programs. In March 2014, the Company's management met to discuss and assess the risk profile of the Company's
compensation programs. Their review considered
risk-influencing characteristics of the overall structure and individual components of the Company's compensation program, including the Company's base salaries, incentive plans and equity plans. A
report regarding management's findings was provided to the Compensation Committee for its review and consideration. Following this review and consideration, the Compensation Committee concurred with
management's conclusions that the Company's compensation policies were not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company and included many features that mitigate the likelihood of
excessive risk-taking, including those discussed below. Balance of Compensation. Individual elements of the Company's compensation program include base salaries, incentive compensation, and
for certain of
its employees, share-based awards. By providing a mix of different elements of compensation that reward both short-term and long-term performance, the Company's compensation programs as a whole
provide a balanced approach to incentivizing and retaining employees, without placing an inappropriate emphasis on any particular form of compensation. Objective Company Results and Pre-established Performance Measures Dictate Annual Incentives. Under the Company's cash-based incentive
plan, payments
are subject to the satisfaction of specific annual performance objectives established by the Compensation Committee in advance and may be subject to reimbursement or forfeiture under the Company's
clawback policy. These performance objectives were directly and specifically tied to the Company's fiscal year 2013 diluted non-GAAP earnings per share, as well as the achievement of strategic
objectives for fiscal year 2013. Use of Long-Term Incentive Compensation. Share-based long-term incentive compensation that vests over a period of years is a key
component of the
total compensation of many of the Company's employees. This vesting period encourages the Company's executives and other employees to focus on sustaining and improving the Company's long-term
performance. These grants are generally made annually, so executives and other key employees always have unvested awards that could decrease significantly in value if the Company's business is not
managed for the long term. Internal Processes Further Restrict Risk. The Company has in place additional processes to limit risk to the Company from its
compensation programs.
Specifically, sales commission payments are subject to multiple internal controls regarding payout terms and payroll programs. Additionally, financial results upon which incentive compensation
payments are based are subject to regular review and audit. In addition, the Company from time to time engages an external compensation consulting firm to assist in the design and review of the
Company's compensation programs, as well as external legal counsel to assist with the periodic review of the Company's compensation plans to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 13 Table of Contents Nominating and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board held five meetings and did not act by unanimous written consent during fiscal year
2013. During fiscal year 2013, the Nominating and Governance Committee consisted of Mr. Marks (Chair), Mr. Hartenstein, and Mr. DeNuccio (until his resignation on
February 3, 2014). The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, considers and recommends Director nominees to be selected by the Board for submission to vote at the Company's annual
stockholder meetings and to fill vacancies occurring between annual stockholder meetings, implements the Board's criteria for selecting new Directors, develops or reviews and recommends corporate
governance policies for the Board, and oversees the annual board and committee evaluation process. The Nominating and Governance Committee is also authorized to conduct investigations and to retain,
at the expense of the Company, independent legal, accounting, financial, governance or other professional consultants selected by the Nominating and Governance Committee, for any matters relating to
its purposes. The Board adopted a charter for the Nominating and Governance Committee, which was last reviewed and approved in January 2014. The Board has determined that each of the members of the
Nominating and Governance Committee is an "independent director" as defined by NASDAQ listing standards. Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight Board Leadership Structure Mr. Marks has served as the Chairman of the Board since January 1, 2011. Mr. Mehrotra has served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company since January 1, 2011 and as a Director since July 2010. The Board believes that it is in the Company's best interests to maintain a separation of the Chairman
of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer roles because it allows the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to focus on the Company's day-to-day business, while allowing the Chairman of the Board
to lead the Board in its fundamental role of providing advice to and independent oversight of management. Each
of the current Directors, other than Mr. Mehrotra and Dr. Hu, is independent and the independent Directors have regular executive sessions. Following an executive
session of independent Directors, one or more of the attending Directors may: (1) act as a liaison between the independent Directors and management regarding any specific feedback or issues;
(2) provide management with input regarding agenda items for Board and Committee meetings; and (3) coordinate with management regarding information to be provided to the independent
Directors in performing their duties. The Board believes that this approach appropriately and effectively complements the Company's current leadership structure. Under
its charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews the performance of the Board and its Committees, including the functionality and effectiveness of the
Board's leadership structure. Board Role in Risk Oversight The Board is actively involved in the oversight of risks that could affect the Company. This oversight is conducted at the Board level
and, where relevant to a committee's duties, through the committees of the Board. While the Board and its committees oversee risk management strategy, management is responsible for implementing and
supervising day-to-day risk management processes. In addition, the Audit Committee regularly reviews the Company's enterprise risk assessment and mitigation processes and assists the Board with its
oversight and annual review of the Company's enterprise risk management. The Company believes this division of risk management responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks
that the Company faces. 14 Table of Contents Consideration of Director Nominees Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee initiates the director nomination process by preparing a slate of potential candidates who,
based on their qualifications and other information available to the Nominating and Governance Committee, appear to meet the criteria specified below and/or who have specific desirable qualities,
skills or experience (based on input from
the full Board). The Nominating and Governance Committee may engage a third-party search firm or other advisors to assist in identifying prospective nominees. The nomination of existing Directors is
not automatic, but is based on continuing qualification under the criteria set forth below and the Corporate Governance Principles of the Company. Under the Company's Corporate Governance Principles,
at all times, a majority of the individuals serving as Directors must be "independent" under applicable SEC and stock exchange rules. After
the Nominating and Governance Committee reviews a nominee's qualifications and characteristics, a new candidate will be interviewed by at least one member of the Nominating and
Governance Committee and by the Chief Executive Officer. Upon completion of the evaluation process, the Nominating and Governance Committee determines the list of potential candidates to be
recommended to the full Board for nomination at the annual meeting or to fill any vacancy on the Board. The Board will select the slate of nominees, including any nominee to fill a vacancy, only from
candidates screened and approved by the Nominating and Governance Committee. Stockholder-Recommended Nominees The Nominating and Governance Committee considers recommendations for Director nominees that are properly submitted by stockholders. In
evaluating a recommended nominee ("Recommended Candidate"), the Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge, experience and capability on the Board and considers the
membership criteria set forth under "Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors" and "Director Qualifications." In
order to be submitted properly, recommendations of a Recommended Candidate must be timely delivered to: Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951
SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. The recommendation must include the following written materials: (1) all information relating to the Recommended Candidate that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to applicable Exchange Act rules and regulations, NASDAQ listing standards and the Company's Bylaws (including, with respect to the Recommended Candidate, such person's written consent to
being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and, such person's written consent to serving as a Director if elected); (2) the name(s) and address(es) of the recommending stockholder(s) and
the amount of the Company's securities owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder(s); (3) appropriate biographical information (including a business address and a telephone number)
and a statement as to the Recommended Candidate's qualifications, with a focus on the criteria described below under "Director Qualifications;" (4) a representation that each recommending
stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote on the date of submission of such written materials; and (5) any material interest of the recommending stockholder in
the recommended nomination. If
the Recommended Candidate is intended to be considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee for recommendation to the Board for the slate of Director nominees to be voted on at
an annual meeting of the Company's stockholders, the written materials must be submitted within the time permitted for submission of a stockholder proposal for inclusion in the Company's proxy
statement for
the subject annual meeting and must also comply with Exchange Act rules and regulations, NASDAQ listing standards, and the provisions for stockholder proposals set forth in the Company's Bylaws. 15 Table of Contents Director Qualifications The Nominating and Governance Committee has established the following minimum criteria for evaluating prospective Board
candidates: • Reputation for integrity, strong moral character and adherence to high ethical standards; • Holds or has held a generally recognized position of leadership in the community and/or chosen field of endeavor, and has
demonstrated high levels of accomplishment; • Demonstrated business acumen and experience, and ability to exercise sound business judgment in matters that relate to the
current and long-term objectives of the Company; • Ability to read and understand basic financial statements and other financial information pertaining to the Company; • Commitment to understand the Company and its business, industry and strategic objectives; • Commitment and ability to regularly attend and participate in meetings of the Board, Board Committees and stockholders,
the number of other company boards on which the candidate serves and ability to generally fulfill all responsibilities as a Director; • Willingness to represent and act in the interests of all stockholders of the Company rather than the interests of a
particular group; • Good health and ability to serve; • For prospective non-employee Directors, independence under applicable SEC and stock exchange rules, and the absence of any
conflict of interest (whether due to a business or personal relationship) or legal impediment to, or restriction on, the nominee's ability to effectively serve as a Director; and • Willingness to accept the nomination to serve as a Director of the Company. Other Factors for Potential Consideration. The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider the following factors in
connection with its
evaluation of each prospective nominee: • Whether the prospective nominee will contribute to the Board's overall diversity of backgrounds, skills, perspectives and
experiences; • Whether the nominee possesses the requisite education, training and experience to qualify as "financially literate" or as
an "audit committee financial expert" under applicable SEC and stock exchange rules; • The composition of the Board and whether the prospective nominee will add to or complement the Board's existing strengths; • For incumbent Directors standing for re-election, the incumbent Director's performance during his or her term, including
the number of meetings attended, level of participation and overall contribution to the Company; the number of other company boards on which the individual serves; the composition of the Board at that
time; any changed circumstances affecting the individual 16 Table of Contents Director,
which may bear on his or her ability to continue to serve on the Board or his or her value to the Board; and the Company's retirement policy for Directors, as set forth in its Corporate
Governance Principles; and • To the extent desired by the Nominating and Governance Committee, views of the other members of the Board and the
Company's senior management regarding the qualifications and suitability of prospective nominees. Director Compensation Director Compensation Table—Fiscal Year 2013 The following table presents information regarding the compensation earned during fiscal year 2013 to Directors who were members of the
Board at any time during fiscal year 2013 and who were not also an employee of the Company (referred to herein as "Non-Employee Directors"). Directors employed by the Company are not entitled to
receive additional compensation for their service as Directors; information regarding the compensation awarded to Mr. Mehrotra in fiscal year 2013 is included in "Summary Compensation
Table—Fiscal Years 2011-2013" in this Proxy Statement. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1)(2)(3) Option Awards ($) (1)(2)(3) All Other Compensation ($) (4) Total ($) Michael E. Marks 137,500 79,909 100,975 610 318,994 Kevin DeNuccio (5) 75,000 79,909 100,975 610 256,494 Irwin Federman 95,000 79,909 100,975 610 276,494 Steven J. Gomo 81,532 (6) 79,909 100,975 610 263,026 Eddy W. Hartenstein 67,500 79,909 100,975 610 248,994 Dr. Chenming Hu 67,500 79,909 100,975 103,578 (7) 351,962 Catherine P. Lego 90,000 79,909 100,975 610 271,494 D. Scott Mercer 24,176 (8) 95,890 73,340 355 193,761 (1) The
amounts represent the full grant date fair value of the stock awards (which term includes RSUs for purposes of this Proxy Statement) and
option awards granted in fiscal year 2013 as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ("ASC 718"). For a discussion of the
assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the valuations of the stock awards and option awards, please see the discussion of stock awards and option awards contained in
Note 9—"Stockholders' Equity and Share-Based Compensation," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of the
Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 filed with the SEC on February 21, 2014. Under general accounting principles, compensation expense with respect to
stock awards and option awards granted to the Directors is generally recognized over the vesting periods applicable to the awards. (2) In
June 2013, the Company granted each of the Non-Employee Directors, with the exception of Mr. Mercer, an annual stock option award in
the amount of 6,250 shares, with an exercise price of $58.93, and an annual RSU award in the amount of 1,356 shares. Mr. Mercer was granted, at the time of his appointment, a stock option award
in the amount of 4,708 shares with an exercise price of $60.69 and an RSU award in the amount of 1,580 shares. Subject to the Non-Employee Director's continued service, the shares subject to each such
award vest in one installment on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the day immediately preceding the next annual meeting of the Company's stockholders
following the grant date. 17 Table of Contents (3) The
following table presents the number of outstanding and unexercised option awards and the number of unvested stock awards held by each of
the Company's Non-Employee Directors as of December 29, 2013: Director Number of Shares Subject to Outstanding Option Awards as of 12/29/13 Number of Unvested Shares or Units as of 12/29/13 Michael E. Marks 25,000 1,356 Kevin DeNuccio 25,000 1,356 Irwin Federman 31,250 1,356 Steven J. Gomo 25,000 1,356 Eddy W. Hartenstein 12,500 1,356 Dr. Chenming Hu 25,000 1,356 Catherine P. Lego 37,500 1,356 D. Scott Mercer 4,708 1,580 (4) Includes
dividends accrued on unvested RSUs during fiscal year 2013. (5) Mr. DeNuccio
resigned from the Board, effective February 3, 2014. (6) Includes
pro rata fee of $1,532 which was earned by Mr. Gomo for his Compensation Committee service in the fourth quarter of fiscal
year 2013, which was paid to Mr. Gomo in March 2014. (7) This
amount includes compensation earned by Dr. Hu pursuant to a Consulting Services Agreement with the Company, as discussed below in
"Certain Transactions and Relationships." (8) Includes
pro rata fees of $3,132 and $1,044, which were earned by Mr. Mercer for his Board service and Audit Committee service,
respectively, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2013. Elements of Director Compensation Compensation for Non-Employee Directors during fiscal year 2013 generally consisted of annual retainers and annual share-based awards.
The Compensation Committee, consisting solely of independent directors, has the primary responsibility for reviewing and considering any revisions to Non-Employee Director compensation, and
recommending any such revisions to the Board for review. The Compensation Committee periodically reviews Non-Employee Director compensation. In such review, the Compensation Committee may review and
consider data regarding the competitiveness of the Company's Non-Employee Director compensation program relative to the Company's peer companies and general industry trends, which data may be compiled
by the Company's management and/or with the assistance of a compensation consultant. The Board reviews the Compensation Committee's recommendations and determines the amount of director compensation. 18 Table of Contents Annual Retainers The Company policy regarding Non-Employee Director compensation in place during fiscal year 2013 was as follows, except as footnoted
below: Type of Fee Fiscal Year 2013 Annual Board Retainer $ 60,000 Additional Annual Retainer to Chairman of the Board $ 75,000 (1) Additional Annual Retainer to Chair of Audit Committee $ 30,000 Additional Annual Retainer to Chairs of Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee $ 15,000 Additional Annual Retainer to non-Chair Members of Audit Committee $ 20,000 Additional Annual Retainer to non-Chair Members of Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee $ 7,500 (1) The
Additional Annual Retainer payments made to Mr. Marks for his service as Chairman of the Board in the first and second quarter of
fiscal year 2013 were based on an Annual Retainer of $50,000 while the Additional Annual Retainer payments made to Mr. Marks for his service as Chairman of the Board in the third and fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2013 were based on an Annual Retainer of $75,000. All
Non-Employee Directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses they incur serving as Directors and as committee members. Share-Based Awards Under the Company's Non-Employee Director compensation policy, as in effect through June 12, 2013, a Non-Employee Director who
first takes office and who has not been employed by the Company in the preceding twelve (12) months received, at the time of his or her election or appointment to the Board, (i) an
initial option grant to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock (the "Original Initial Option Grant"), and (ii) an initial RSU grant for a number of units determined by dividing $320,000 by the
average closing price per share of Common Stock on NASDAQ for the five (5) trading days ended on, and including, the grant date (the "Initial Unit Grant"). Each Non-Employee Director who has
served in that capacity for at least six (6) months at the time of each Annual Meeting of Stockholders received an annual award consisting of (i) an option grant to purchase 6,250 shares
of Common Stock (the "Annual Option Grant"), and (ii) an RSU grant for a number of units determined by dividing $80,000 by the average closing price per share of Common Stock on NASDAQ for the
five (5) trading days ended on, and including, the grant date (the "Original Annual Unit Grant"). The initial and annual awards described above are granted under, and are subject to, the
Company's Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2005 Plan"). The
Company revised its policy regarding Non-Employee Director compensation, effective June 13, 2013, to provide that a Non-Employee Director who first takes office and who has
not been employed by the Company in the preceding twelve (12) months receives (i) an initial option grant (the "Revised Initial Option Grant" and, together with the Original Initial
Option Grant, the "Initial Option Grants") to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock that results from multiplying the shares subject to the Annual Option (as defined below) by the Initial
Service Term (as defined below) and (ii) an initial RSU grant for a number of units determined by multiplying the shares subject to the Annual RSU (as defined below) by the Initial Service Term
(the "Revised Initial Unit Grant"). The "Initial Service Term" means a fraction with the numerator being the number of days from the date of appointment to the Board until the next scheduled Annual
Meeting of Stockholders or, if no Annual Meeting of Stockholders has been scheduled, the one-year anniversary of the previous Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the denominator being 365. In
addition, on the date of each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each Non-Employee Director 19 Table of Contents who
has been elected or re-elected at such Annual Meeting of Stockholders also receives (i) the Annual Option Grant, and (ii) an RSU grant for a number of units determined by dividing
$125,000 by the average closing price per share of Common Stock on NASDAQ for the five (5) trading days ended on, and including, the grant date (the "Revised Annual Unit Grant" and, together
with the Original Annual Unit Grant, the "Annual Unit Grants"). The initial and annual awards described in this paragraph are granted under, and are subject to, the Company's 2013 Incentive Plan (the
"2013 Plan" and together with the 2005 Plan, the "Incentive Plans"). Initial and Annual Stock Option Grants. The Initial and Annual Option Grants are granted with a per share exercise price equal
to the fair market
value of a share of Common Stock on the grant date. For these purposes, and in accordance with the terms of the Incentive Plans and the Company's share-based award grant practices, the fair market
value is equal to the closing price of a share of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on the grant date. The
stock options granted to Non-Employee Directors are immediately exercisable. However, upon a Non-Employee Director's cessation of service with the Company, any shares purchased upon
exercise of the option that have not vested (as described below) are subject to repurchase by the Company at the lower of (i) the exercise price paid for the shares or (ii) the fair
market value of the shares at the time of repurchase (as determined under the 2005 Plan or 2013 Plan, as applicable). This type of stock option is generally referred to as an "early exercise" stock
option because the holder is permitted to exercise the option prior to the time that the underlying shares vest. Subject to the Non-Employee Director's continued service, the shares subject to the
Initial Option Grant vest, and the Company's repurchase right lapses, in four substantially equal annual installments on each of the first through fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to
the Non-Employee Director's continued service, the shares subject to the Revised Initial Option Grant and the Annual Option Grants vest, and the Company's repurchase right lapses, in one installment
on the earlier of (i) first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the day immediately preceding the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the grant date. Once
vested, each option will generally remain exercisable for fully vested shares of Common Stock ( i.e. , shares which are not subject to
the Company's repurchase right) until its normal expiration date. Each of the options granted to the Company's Non-Employee Directors, under the Incentive Plans, has a term of seven (7) years.
However, vested stock options may terminate earlier in connection with a change in control of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Incentive Plans, stock options granted to the Company's
Non-Employee Directors will vest on an accelerated basis in connection with a change in control of the Company. Shares subject to the option that have not vested will immediately terminate (or be
subject to the Company's repurchase right to the extent already purchased under the option) upon the cessation of the Non-Employee Director's service. However, the shares subject to options vest, and
the Company's repurchase right lapses, in full if the Non-Employee Director's cessation of service is as a result of the Director's death or permanent disability. Non-Employee
Directors generally have twelve (12) months to exercise the vested portion of the option following a cessation of service. The
options granted to Non-Employee Directors do not include any dividend or dividend equivalent rights. However, Non-Employee Directors are entitled to dividends with respect to shares
purchased upon the exercise of options, whether or not such shares have vested under the option, at the same rate as the Company's other stockholders. Initial and Annual RSU Grants. Each RSU awarded to the Company's Non-Employee Directors represents a contractual right to receive
one share of the
Common Stock if the time-based vesting requirements described below are satisfied. 20 Table of Contents Subject
to the Non-Employee Director's continued service, the units subject to the Initial Unit Grant vest in four substantially equal annual installments on each of the first through
fourth anniversaries of the grant date. Subject to the Non-Employee Director's continued service, the units subject to the Revised Initial Unit Grant and the Annual Unit Grants vest in one installment
on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the day immediately preceding the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the grant date. Pursuant to the
terms of the Incentive Plans, RSUs granted to the Company's Non-Employee Directors will vest on an accelerated basis in connection with a change in control of the Company. Upon the cessation of the
Non-Employee Director's service, any unvested RSUs will generally terminate. However, RSUs granted to a Non-Employee Director vest in full if the Non-Employee Director's cessation of service is as a
result of the Director's death or permanent disability. RSUs
will generally be paid in an equivalent number of shares of the Common Stock as they vest. Non-Employee Directors are not entitled to voting or dividend rights with respect to the
RSUs, and the RSUs generally may not be transferred, except to the Company or to a beneficiary of the Non-Employee Director upon his or her death. However, non-Employee Directors are entitled to the
following dividend equivalent rights with respect to the RSUs. If the Company pays a cash dividend on its Common Stock and the dividend record date occurs after the grant date and before all of the
RSUs have either been paid or terminated, then the Company will credit the Non-Employee Director's bookkeeping account with an amount equal to (i) the per-share cash dividend paid by the
Company on its Common Stock with respect to the dividend record date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of outstanding and unpaid RSUs (including any unvested RSUs) as of the dividend record
date. These dividend equivalents will be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms and conditions as the original RSUs to which they relate (except that the dividend equivalents may be paid
in cash or such other form as the plan administrator may deem appropriate). The
Board administers the Incentive Plans as to Non-Employee Director awards and has the ability to interpret and make all required determinations under the plan, subject to plan limits.
This authority includes making required proportionate adjustments to outstanding awards to reflect any impact resulting from various corporate events such as reorganizations, mergers and stock splits. Required Vote The required vote for the election of each Director is as described above under "Voting Rights." Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 1 is in the Company's best interests and the best interests of its
stockholders' and unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the Director nominees. 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2 APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE SANDISK CORPORATION 2005 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS General The stockholders are being asked to approve a four-year extension of both the Company's 2005 Amended and Restated Employee Stock
Purchase Plan for the Company's U.S. employees (the "Purchase Plan") and the Company's 2005 Amended and Restated International Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the Company's employees in foreign
jurisdictions (the "International Plan," and together with the Purchase Plan, the "2005 Purchase Plans") which extensions were adopted, subject to stockholder approval, by the Board of Directors on
March 20, 2014. The proposed amendment would extend the term of the two plans to the last business day in July 2019. The Company is not seeking any additional shares to be subject to the 2005
Purchase Plans. The
Company believes that the 2005 Purchase Plans have played an important role in the Company's efforts to attract and retain employees by allowing the Company's eligible employees and
the eligible employees of the Company's participating subsidiaries to acquire an ownership stake in the Company. Without the proposed amendment, the 2005 Purchase Plans would terminate on
July 31, 2015. The proposed amendment will allow the Company and its subsidiaries to continue to attract new employees and retain existing employees, which helps the Company remain competitive
in the marketplace for key talent. Summary Description of the 2005 Purchase Plans The principal terms of the 2005 Purchase Plans are summarized below. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by the full
text of the 2005 Purchase Plans, which appears (as proposed to be amended) as Annex B to this Proxy Statement and can be reviewed on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also
obtain, free of charge, a copy of the 2005 Purchase Plans by writing to: Investor Relations, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. Administration The 2005 Purchase Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. Such committee, as plan
administrator, has full authority to adopt administrative rules and procedures and to interpret the provisions of the 2005 Purchase Plans. Share Reserve In 2005, the Company's stockholders authorized an initial aggregate share reserve of 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance
under the 2005 Purchase Plans and, at the Annual Meeting held on June 7, 2011, the Company's stockholders authorized an increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the 2005 Purchase Plans by 5,000,000 shares. As of March 3, 2014, the Company had 4,048,295 shares available for issuance under the two plans. For
purposes of the foregoing limits, the shares issued under one plan will reduce, on a one-for-one basis, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the other
plan. The shares issuable under the 2005 Purchase Plans may be made available from authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or from shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company, including
shares repurchased on the open market. 22 Table of Contents In
the event that any change is made to the Company's outstanding Common Stock (whether by reason of any recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, exchange or combination of shares
spin off or other change in corporate structure effected without the Company's receipt of consideration), appropriate adjustments will be made to (i) the maximum number and class of securities
issuable in the aggregate under the 2005 Purchase Plans, (ii) the maximum number and class of securities purchasable per participant on any one purchase date, and (iii) the number and
class of securities and the price per share in effect under each outstanding purchase right. Such adjustments will be designed to preclude any dilution or enlargement of benefits under the 2005
Purchase Plans or the outstanding purchase rights thereunder. Offering Periods and Purchase Rights Shares of Common Stock are currently offered under the 2005 Purchase Plans through a series of offering periods. The duration of each
offering period is fixed by the Compensation Committee prior to its start date, but no offering period will have a duration in excess of six months. At
the time a participant joins the offering period, he or she is granted a purchase right to acquire shares of Common Stock on the last day of each purchase interval within that
offering period. All payroll deductions collected from the participant for each purchase interval will be automatically applied to the purchase of Common Stock at the end of that purchase interval,
subject to certain limitations summarized below in the section entitled "Special Limitations." Eligibility and Participation Any individual who is employed on a basis under which he or she is regularly expected to work for more than twenty hours per week for
more than five months per calendar year in the employ of any participating parent or subsidiary corporation (including any corporation which subsequently becomes such at any time during the term of
the Purchase Plan, if the individual is a U.S. employee, and the International Plan, if the individual is a non-U.S. employee) is eligible to participate in the Purchase Plan, if the individual is a
U.S. employee, or the International Plan, if the individual is a non-U.S. employee. Each
individual who is an eligible employee on the start date of any offering period may enter that offering period on such start date. However, an eligible employee may participate in
only one offering period at a time. As of March 3, 2014, approximately 2,818 employees, including 7 executive officers, were eligible to participate in the Purchase Plan, and an additional
3,269 employees were eligible to participate in the International Plan. Payroll Deductions and Stock Purchases Each participant may authorize periodic payroll deductions in any multiple of one percent (up to a maximum of ten percent or such lower
percentage set by the Compensation Committee) of his or her cash earnings to be applied to the acquisition of Common Stock at six-month intervals. Accordingly, on each such purchase date (the
fourteenth day or previous business day in February and August each year), the payroll deductions of each participant accumulated for the purchase interval ending on that purchase date will
automatically be applied to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at the purchase price in effect for the participant for that purchase date. For
purposes of the 2005 Purchase Plans, the cash earnings of each participant include his or her base salary plus all bonuses, commissions and other incentive-type payments made to such
individual in cash. 23 Table of Contents Purchase Price The formula for determining the purchase price of Common Stock acquired on each purchase date is fixed by the Compensation Committee at
the start of the offering period and is not less than eighty-five percent of the lower of (i) the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the start date of the offering period or
(ii) the fair market value on the last day of the offering period. The
fair market value per share of Common Stock on any particular date under the 2005 Purchase Plans will be deemed to be equal to the closing selling price per share on such date on
NASDAQ. On March 3, 2014, the fair market value per shares of Common Stock determined on such basis was $75.12. Special Limitations The 2005 Purchase Plans imposes certain limitations upon a participant's rights to acquire Common Stock, including the following
limitations: • Purchase rights granted to a participant may not permit such individual to purchase more than $25,000 worth of Common
Stock (valued at the time each purchase right is granted) for each calendar year those purchase rights are outstanding at any time. • Purchase rights may not be granted to any individual if such individual would, immediately after the grant, own or hold
outstanding options or other rights to purchase, stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of the Company's outstanding stock or the
outstanding stock of any of the Company's affiliates. • No participant may purchase more than 1,500 shares of Common Stock on any one purchase date. The
Compensation Committee has the discretionary authority to increase or decrease the per participant purchase limitation as of the start date of any new offering period under the 2005
Purchase Plans, with the new limit to be in effect for that offering period and each subsequent offering period until the Compensation Committee establishes new limitations. Termination of Purchase Rights A participant may withdraw from the 2005 Purchase Plans at any time prior to the last business day of the purchase interval, and his or
her accumulated payroll deductions for that interval will, at the participant's election, either be applied to the purchase of shares on the next scheduled six-month purchase date or be refunded. A
participant's purchase right will immediately terminate upon his or her cessation of employment or loss of eligible employee status. Any payroll deductions which the participant may
have made for the purchase interval in which such cessation of employment or loss of eligibility occurs will be refunded and will not be applied to the purchase of Common Stock. Stockholder Rights No participant will have any stockholder rights with respect to the shares covered by his or her purchase rights until the shares are
actually purchased on the participant's behalf and the participant has become a holder of record of the purchased shares. No adjustment will be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for
which the record date is prior to the date of such purchase. 24 Table of Contents Assignability No purchase rights are assignable or transferable by the participant, and the purchase rights will be exercisable only by the
participant. Change in Control Should the Company be acquired by merger, sale of substantially all of its assets or sale of securities possessing more than fifty
percent of the total combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities, then all outstanding purchase rights will automatically be exercised immediately prior to the effective date of such
acquisition. The purchase price will be not less than eighty-five percent of the lower of (i) the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the start date of the offering period in which
the participant is enrolled at the time of such acquisition or (ii) the fair market value per share of Common Stock immediately prior to such acquisition. The limitation on the maximum number
of shares purchasable by each participant on any one purchase date will be applicable to any purchase date attributable to such an acquisition. Share Pro-Ration Should the total number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to outstanding purchase rights on any particular date exceed
the collective number of shares then available for issuance under the 2005 Purchase Plans, then the plan administrator will make a pro-rata allocation of the available shares on a uniform and
nondiscriminatory basis, and the payroll deductions of each participant, to the extent in excess of the aggregate purchase price payable for the Common Stock pro-rated to such individual, will be
refunded. Amendment and Termination The 2005 Purchase Plans will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the last business day in July 2019, (ii) the
date on which all shares available for issuance thereunder
are sold pursuant to exercised purchase rights or (iii) the date on which all purchase rights are exercised in connection with a change in control or ownership. The
Company's board of directors may amend or suspend the Purchase Plan and /or International Plan at the end of any six-month purchase interval. However, the board may not, without
stockholder approval, (i) increase the number of shares issuable under the 2005 Purchase Plans (except as permissible adjustments in the event of changes to the Company's capitalization),
(ii) alter the purchase price formula so as to reduce the purchase price or (iii) modify the requirements for eligibility to participate in the 2005 Purchase Plans. U.S. Federal Tax Consequences The Purchase Plan for the Company's U.S. employees is intended to be an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of
Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under a plan which so qualifies, no taxable income will be recognized by a participant, and no deductions will be allowable to the Company, upon either
the grant or the exercise of the purchase rights. Taxable income will not be recognized until there is a sale or other disposition of the shares acquired under the Purchase Plan or unless the
participant should die while still owning the purchased shares. 25 Table of Contents If
the participant sells or otherwise disposes of the purchased shares within two years after the start date of the offering period in which such shares were acquired or within one year
after the actual purchase date of those shares, then the participant will recognize ordinary income in the year of sale or disposition equal to the amount by which the fair market value of the shares
on the purchase date exceeded the purchase price paid for those shares, and the Company will be entitled to an income tax deduction, for the taxable year in which such disposition occurs, equal in
amount to such excess. If
the participant sells or disposes of the purchased shares more than two years after the start date of the offering period in which the shares were acquired and more than one year
after the actual purchase date of those shares, then the participant will recognize ordinary income in the year of sale or disposition equal to the lesser of (i) the amount by which the fair
market value of the shares on the sale or disposition date exceeded the purchase price paid for those shares or (ii) the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the start date of that
offering period over the purchase price which
would have been paid for those shares had they been purchased on that start date, and any additional gain upon the disposition will be taxed as a long-term capital gain. The Company will not be
entitled to an income tax deduction with respect to such disposition. A
participant who still owns the purchased shares at the time of death will recognize taxable income equal to the lesser of (i) the amount by which the fair market value of the
shares on the date of death exceeds the purchase price or (ii) the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the start date of the offering period in which those shares were acquired
over the purchase price which would have been paid for those shares had they been purchased on that start date. Foreign Taxation The income tax consequences to participants in the International Plan will vary by country. Generally, those participants will be
subject to taxation at the time the shares are purchased. Accounting Treatment Pursuant to the accounting principles currently applicable to employee stock purchase plans such as the 2005 Purchase Plans, the fair
value of each purchase right granted under the 2005 Purchase Plans will be charged as a direct compensation expense to the Company's reported earnings over the offering period to which that purchase
right pertains. The fair value of each such purchase right will be determined as of its grant date. New Plan Benefits Because benefits under the 2005 Purchase Plans will depend on employees' elections to participate and the fair market value of the
Company's common stock at various future dates, it is not possible to determine the benefits that will be received by executive officers and other employees if the amendment to the 2005 Purchase Plans
is approved by the stockholders. Non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in the 2005 Purchase Plans. Required Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on
Proposal No. 2 is required for approval of the amendment to the 2005 Purchase Plans described above. If stockholders do not approve this proposal, then the current terms and conditions of the
2005 Purchase Plans will continue in effect. 26 Table of Contents Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board believes that it is in the Company's best interests to continue to provide its employees with the opportunity to acquire an
ownership interest in the Company through their participation in the 2005 Purchase Plans and thereby encourage them to remain in the Company's employ and more closely align their interests with those
of the stockholders. The Board believes that Proposal No. 2 is in the Company's best interests and the best interests of its stockholders and unanimously recommends a vote FOR
the approval of the amendment to the 2005 Purchase Plans. 27 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal year ending December 28, 2014, and is asking the Company's stockholders to ratify this appointment. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present or
represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on this Proposal No. 3 will be required to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP. The
Audit Committee is not required to take any action as a result of the outcome of the vote on this Proposal No. 3. In the event the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment,
the Audit Committee will
reconsider its appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 28, 2014. Even if this
appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time if the Audit Committee determines
that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Ernst &
Young LLP has audited the Company's financial statements annually since 1991. The Company expects that representatives of Ernst & Young LLP will be
present at the Annual Meeting and that they will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and respond to appropriate questions from stockholders. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the fees incurred by the Company from Ernst & Young LLP for professional services rendered
during fiscal years 2013 and 2012: 2013 2012 Audit Fees (1) $ 3,062,000 $ 2,861,000 Audit-Related Fees (2) 472,000 157,000 Tax Fees (3) 537,000 698,000 All Other Fees (4) 2,000 21,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total $ 4,073,000 $ 3,737,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) Audit
fees consisted of professional services provided in connection with the integrated audit of the Company's financial statements,
including services provided in connection with the annual audit of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and review of the Company's quarterly financial statements. The fees also
included professional services provided for new and existing statutory audits of subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company. (2) Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of accounting consultations, services provided in connection with regulatory filings, technical
accounting guidance and other attestation services. (3) Tax
fees primarily included tax compliance fees, including expatriate compliance services. Total compliance fees were $324,000 and $263,000
for fiscal year 2013 and 2012, respectively. Tax fees also include tax advice and tax planning fees of $213,000 and $435,000 for fiscal year 2013 and 2012, respectively. (4) All
other fees primarily included research grant analysis and online research tools. 28 Table of Contents All
of the fiscal year 2013 services described above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee to the extent required by Section 10A of the Exchange Act. In accordance with
Section 10A of the Exchange Act, the Audit Committee may delegate to any member of the Audit Committee (referred to as the "Audit Committee Delegate") the authority to pre-approve services not
prohibited by law to be performed by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has
appointed Ms. Lego as the Audit Committee Delegate and, as such, Ms. Lego has the authority to pre-approve permissible services and reports any decision to pre-approve permissible
services to the full Audit Committee at its next regular meeting. In addition, from time to time, the Audit Committee has adopted and/or revised a Pre-Approval Policy under which particular services
or categories of services are pre-approved. The
Audit Committee has concluded that the provision of the audit-related services, tax services and other non-audit services identified above is compatible with Ernst &
Young LLP's independence. Required Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and
entitled to vote on Proposal No. 3 is required to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ending December 28, 2014. Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board believes that Proposal No. 3 is in the Company's best interests and the best interests of its
stockholders and unanimously recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP to serve as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal year ending December 28, 2014. 29 Table of Contents ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K The Company filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on February 21, 2014. Stockholders
may obtain a copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, without charge, by writing to: Investor Relations, c/o SanDisk Corporation, 951 SanDisk Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035. The Annual Report on
Form 10-K is also available at www.sandisk.com/IR. AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The information contained in this report shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with
the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that
the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The
following is the report of the Audit Committee with respect to the Company's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 included in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2014. The
Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management of the Company. The
Audit Committee has discussed with the Company's independent registered accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, the matters required to be discussed by U.S. Auditing
Standards, SAS 61, as amended, which include, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the Company's financial statements. The
Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from Ernst & Young LLP required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding Ernst & Young LLP's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with Ernst & Young LLP the independence of
Ernst & Young LLP from the Company. Based
on the review and discussions referred to above in this report, the Audit Committee recommended to the Company's Board that the audited financial statements be included in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 filed with the SEC. Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors Catherine
P. Lego (Chair) Irwin Federman Steven J. Gomo D. Scott Mercer 30 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 4 ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SANDISK CORPORATION At the Company's 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company's stockholders voted in favor of holding an advisory vote to approve
the compensation of the Company's named executive officers every year. The Board considered the voting results on that proposal and determined to adopt a policy providing for an annual advisory
stockholder vote to approve the compensation of the Company's named executive officers. In
accordance with that policy and pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Company is asking stockholders to pass an advisory resolution commonly known as a "say-on-pay"
proposal to approve the Company's compensation of its Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2013 (who are identified below
in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis") as reported in this Proxy Statement. As described below in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" of this Proxy Statement, the Compensation Committee
has designed the Company's compensation of its Named Executive Officers to align each Named Executive Officer's compensation with the Company's near-, medium- and long-term performance and to provide
the compensation and incentives needed to attract, motivate and retain the executive officers who are crucial to the Company's long-term success. You are urged to read the "Compensation Discussion and
Analysis," which describes in more detail the Company's executive compensation policies, particularly as they relate to the Named Executive Officers, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and
other related compensation tables and narrative, which provide detailed information on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers. The
advisory resolution gives stockholders the opportunity to express their approval of the Company's Named Executive Officer compensation program. This vote is not intended to address
any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers and the philosophy, policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement.
Accordingly, you are being asked to vote on the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: "RESOLVED,
that the Company's stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2014
Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation
Table and the other related tables and disclosure." The
say-on-pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the Compensation Committee or the Board. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee value the opinions
of the Company's stockholders and to the extent there is any significant vote against the "say-on-pay" proposal, the Compensation Committee will consider the Company's stockholders' concerns and will
evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns. Unless
the Board modifies its policy on the frequency of say-on-pay votes, the next say-on-pay vote will be held at the Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board believes that approval of Proposal No. 4 is in the Company's best interests and the best
interests of its stockholders and unanimously recommends a vote FOR the advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this Proxy
Statement. 31 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This section contains a discussion of the material elements of compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the following executive
officers of the Company: the principal executive officer; the principal financial officer; and the three other most highly compensated individuals who were serving as executive officers as of the last
day of fiscal year 2013. These individuals are referred to as the "Named Executive Officers" in this Proxy Statement and include: • Sanjay Mehrotra—President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer); • Judy Bruner—Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial
officer); • Sumit Sadana—Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer; • Dr. Siva Sivaram—Senior Vice President, Memory Technology; and • Eric S. Whitaker—Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. The
Company's current executive compensation programs are determined and approved by the Compensation Committee. None of the Named Executive Officers is a member of the Compensation
Committee. Executive Summary SanDisk has a long-standing commitment to a compensation program guided by three basic philosophies: (1) alignment of
compensation with stockholder interests, (2) pay-for-performance, and (3) compensation opportunities that are competitive so that the Company can attract, retain and motivate top-tier
talent. The Compensation Committee sets a significant portion of the compensation of the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, based on their ability to achieve annual financial
and strategic objectives that advance the Company's long-term business objectives and that are designed to create sustainable long-term stockholder value. The
Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the fact that, consistent with the Company's compensation philosophy described in more detail below, equity awards increase each
Named Executive Officer's stake in the Company, thereby reinforcing the incentive to manage the Company's business as owners and subjecting a significant portion of the executive officer's total
compensation to fluctuations in the market price of Common Stock. During fiscal year 2013, a significant percentage of each Named Executive Officer's total compensation (as reported in the
Summary Compensation Table) was at-risk, having included (1) annual performance-based cash bonus opportunities, which become payable only upon the achievement of certain financial and strategic
objectives established by the Compensation Committee, which advance the Company's near-, medium-and long-term business objectives and are designed to create sustainable long-term stockholder value,
(2) RSUs, the value of which is directly tied to the value of the Company's Common Stock over time, and (3) stock options with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the
Company's Common Stock on the grant date, which become valuable only upon realized share appreciation after the grant date. 32 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2013 Business Highlights. • Achieved record revenue of $6.17 billion, up 22% compared to fiscal year 2012. • Delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29%, resulting in record diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis of $5.31
per share, more than twice the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in fiscal year 2012. • Achieved record cash flow from operations of $1.86 billion, more than triple the $530 million of cash flow
from operations in fiscal year 2012. • Returned cash to stockholders through $1.59 billion of share repurchases and the initiation of a quarterly dividend
beginning in the third quarter. • On a year-over-year basis, full-year solid state drive ("SSD") sales increased by 170%, which represented 19% of fiscal
year 2013 revenue, up from 9% of fiscal year 2012 revenue. • Grew embedded products revenue by 37% compared to fiscal year 2012. • Achieved multiple design wins in client SSDs with existing and new customers, and the Company now supplies client SSDs to
all leading PC OEMs. • In its Retail channel, achieved record annual revenue with share gains in cards and USB drives. • Completed the strategic acquisition of SMART Storage Systems ("SMART Storage"), strengthening the Company's technology
position and broadening its solutions in enterprise storage. Non-GAAP
operating margin differs from what is reported under GAAP. See Annex A for information on the rationale for the use of non-GAAP financial measures and for a
reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the Company's results as reported under GAAP. As
discussed in more detail below, a significant portion of the compensation for the Company's Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013 was based on the performance-based cash
incentive program, which is tied to the achievement of certain financial and strategic objectives established by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of the year. The Company's diluted non-GAAP
earnings per share ("EPS") for fiscal year 2013 was $5.31 per share, significantly above the EPS target that drove the financial objectives portion of the cash incentive program, as established by the
Compensation Committee and, in aggregate, the Company also exceeded the target performance for its strategic objectives. The
Company uses non-GAAP measures to establish financial and strategic goals and to measure performance for executive officer compensation because the Company believes that non-GAAP
measures allow management to better evaluate the core operating performance of the Company especially when comparing to the results of previous periods and to the Company's business model objectives.
For reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial
Measures," of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013. Continued Commitment to Good Compensation Governance. The Company endeavors to maintain good governance standards with respect to its
executive
compensation program. The Company has 33 Table of Contents instituted
the following policies, which remained in effect in fiscal year 2013, to ensure that its executive compensation program is consistent with good governance standards: • In general, the executive officers will not be entitled to guaranteed, non-performance based bonuses or salary increases. • The executive officers will not be entitled to tax reimbursement or tax gross-up payments in respect of perquisites or
other compensation. • The Company maintains a clawback policy pursuant to which each Section 16 Officer, including each Named Executive
Officer, may be required to reimburse or forfeit all or a portion of any cash-based incentive compensation received if the Company's financial statements are required to be restated as a result of
material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirements. • To align the interests of the Company's executive officers with the interests of the Company's stockholders, the Company
maintains stock ownership guidelines (set forth in the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, which are available on the Company's website) that require that each executive officer retain a
minimum equity ownership interest in the Company. The Company revised its stock ownership guidelines in March 2014 to, among other things, require certain levels of outright equity ownership, as
discussed in more detail under "Stock Ownership Guidelines" below. In addition, the Company's insider trading policy prohibits the Company's executive officers from short-selling the Company's Common
Stock, trading in derivative securities related to the Company's securities, including the Company's Common Stock, or otherwise engaging in activities designed to hedge against the Company's Common
Stock. • Perquisites and other personal benefits do not constitute a significant portion of the compensation for the executive
officers. The Company's executive officers participate in broad-based Company-sponsored health and welfare benefits programs on the same basis as other regular employees. • The Company does not currently offer, nor does the Company have plans to provide, defined benefit pension arrangements or
nonqualified deferred compensation plans or arrangements to its executive officers. Say-on-Pay The Board and management value the opinions of the Company's stockholders. At the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, more than 95% of
the votes cast on the say-on-pay advisory vote proposal were in favor of the Company's executive compensation program. The Board and the Compensation Committee reviewed the results of the say-on-pay
vote and in light of the approval of a substantial majority of the Company's stockholders of the executive compensation program, material changes to the executive compensation program were not made.
At the 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, approximately 89% of the votes cast on the say-on-pay frequency vote proposal were in favor of holding a say-on-pay advisory vote every year and, consistent
with those results, the Board has implemented an annual advisory vote on the Company's executive compensation program. The Board and the Compensation Committee recognize that executive pay practices
and notions of sound governance principles continue to evolve, and will continue to evaluate and adapt the Company's executive compensation practices. 34 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Program Overview Elements of Compensation Program. As described in more detail below, the material elements of the Company's current executive
compensation program
for the executive officers include the following: a base salary, an annual cash incentive opportunity, a long-term share-based incentive opportunity, 401(k) retirement benefits and severance
protection for certain terminations of employment. These individual compensation elements are intended to create a total compensation package for the executive officers that the Company believes
achieves its compensation objectives and provides competitive compensation opportunities. Furthermore, with the exception of the severance protection, the elements of the executive officers'
compensation are the same as those of the Company's broader employee population, which the Company believes also aligns the interests of the executive officers with the Company as a whole. The
table below lists each material element of the Company's executive compensation program and the compensation objective or objectives that it is designed to achieve. Compensation Element Compensation Objectives Designed to be Achieved Base Salary • Attract and retain
top-tier talent Annual Cash Incentive Opportunity • Pay-for-performance • Align executive officers'
interests with those of stockholders • Attract, retain and motivate top-tier talent Long-term Share-Based Incentives • Align executive officers'
interests with those of stockholders • Pay-for-performance • Attract,
 retain and motivate top-tier talent 401(k) Retirement Benefits • Attract and retain
top-tier talent Severance and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment in Certain Circumstances • Attract and
retain top-tier talent The
material elements described above include both fixed amounts and variable amounts, which serve distinct purposes. The Company believes that in order to attract and retain top-caliber
executive officers, it needs to provide them with fixed, predictable benefit amounts that reward their continued service, and the Company provides its executive officers with base salaries, 401(k)
retirement benefits and severance and other termination benefits, which are generally fixed or predictable. The
variable elements, including the Company's annual cash incentive opportunity, are primarily intended to hold the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers,
accountable for their performance, although the Company believes the cash incentive also aligns the interests of the executive officers with those of the Company's stockholders and helps the Company
attract, retain and motivate the executive officers. The Company's long-term share-based incentives are primarily intended to align the interests of the executive officers, including the Named
Executive Officers, with those of the Company's stockholders, although the Company believes the share-based incentives also help hold executive officers accountable for their performance and help the
Company attract, retain and motivate executive officers. The annual cash incentive opportunity and the long-term share-based incentives are designed to reward performance and the creation of
stockholder value, and therefore the value of these benefits is dependent on performance. The annual cash incentive opportunity is paid out on an annual basis to the executive officers, including the
Named Executive Officers, and is designed to reward performance for that period. The long-term equity incentives are generally designed to reward performance over one or more years. 35 Table of Contents Comparison to Peer Companies. Consistent with the compensation philosophies described above, the goal of the Company is to
provide its executive
officers, including the Named Executive Officers, with a compensation program that is competitive relative to its industry peers. To that end, the Compensation Committee evaluates executive
compensation relative to compensation paid to similarly situated executive officers at companies determined to be peer companies of the Company. The Compensation Committee reviewed and approved the
following selected peer companies for fiscal year 2013: • Adobe Systems
Incorporated • Maxim Integrated Products,
 Inc. • Advanced Micro Devices,
 Inc. • Micron Technology,
 Inc. • Analog Devices,
 Inc. • NetApp,
 Inc. • Broadcom
Corporation • NVIDIA
Corporation • CA, Inc. • Seagate
Technology PLC • Electronic
Arts Inc. • Symantec
Corporation • Juniper Networks,
 Inc. • Xilinx,
 Inc. • LSI
Corporation • Yahoo! Inc. • Marvell Technology
Group Ltd. These
peer companies were selected using criteria intended to identify companies that: (i) operate in a similar industry as the Company, (ii) compete with the Company for
executive talent, and (iii) are comparable to the Company in size and growth patterns. In addition, the peer selection process targets companies that fall within an approximately 0.5x to 2x
range of the Company's revenue and an approximately 0.3x to 3x multiple of the Company's market capitalization. Companies that fall outside of these parameters may be included based on relevance as
product and/or labor market competitors. While
the Compensation Committee evaluates executive officer compensation relative to compensation paid at these peer companies, the Compensation Committee does not use a formula for
determining compensation for the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, and therefore does not benchmark compensation at any specific levels relative to the peer companies. In
setting compensation for the Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee reviews and considers a multitude of factors, including not only competitiveness relative to the peer companies, but
also experience levels, performance achieved, specific skills or competencies, the desired pay mix between near-, medium- and long-term incentives, the Company's budget, and the Chief Executive
Officer's recommendation (with respect to executive officers other than himself). In determining the appropriate levels of compensation to be paid to the executive officers, including the Named
Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee also considers compensation previously realized by the executive officer in his or her employment with the Company. However, amounts realized from prior
compensation were not a material factor in determining the fiscal year 2013 compensation for the Named Executive Officers. 36 Table of Contents Processes and Procedures. The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer (the "Chief Executive Officer") recommends to the
Compensation
Committee for its approval the base salary, annual bonus and long-term equity compensation levels for the executive officers other than himself, in accordance with the Compensation Committee charter.
At Compensation Committee meetings pertaining to
executive officer compensation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer presents compensation recommendations for the executive officers other than himself and explains to the Compensation Committee the
basis and rationale for his recommendations. With respect to his recommendations, the Company's Chief Executive Officer considers the scope and responsibility of each executive officer's position, the
individual performance of each executive officer and the contributions of each executive officer to the Company's performance. He also reviews survey data on the compensation of similarly situated
executive officers in comparable companies based on size, location and industry, including the Company's peer companies, to the extent that there is a similarly situated executive officer. Except for
the Company's Chief Executive Officer, the Company's executive officers do not have any role in determining or recommending the form or amount of compensation provided to the Named Executive Officers
other than providing financial or other information as the Compensation Committee may request from time to time. With
respect to compensation of each of the executive officers, the Compensation Committee considers the individual performance of the executive officer, the contributions of the
executive officer to the Company's performance and the desired pay mix between near-, medium- and long-term incentives and deliberates to determine an appropriate level of compensation for each
executive officer. With respect to the compensation of each of the executive officers other than the Company's Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee also considers the Chief Executive
Officer's recommendations and the basis and rationale for such recommendations, as well as the scope and responsibility of each executive officer's position. The performance of each executive officer
is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee based on whether various performance objectives were met during the preceding review period and, with respect to executive officers other than the
Company's Chief Executive Officer, based on the Chief Executive Officer's feedback regarding the performance of each executive officer. Each executive officer is given a performance rating based on
the Compensation Committee's review, which is then used in the Compensation Committee's review and analysis of such executive officer's overall compensation. During the course of its deliberations,
the Compensation Committee may also review data pertaining to executive officer compensation data from the Company's peer companies, which data may be prepared and presented by the Company's
management and/or a compensation consulting firm. The
Company's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mehrotra, does not participate in the Compensation Committee deliberations that relate to his personal compensation and excuses himself
from portions of the Compensation Committee meetings during which such deliberations occur. During fiscal year 2013, Mr. Mehrotra attended the portions of the meetings of the Compensation
Committee relating to Company-wide compensation issues and the compensation of the executive officers other than himself. In
fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee retained Compensia, an outside compensation consultant, to assist in analyzing the Company's peer companies for fiscal year 2014
compensation, evaluating the competitiveness of the Company's executive compensation programs relative to the Company's fiscal year 2013 peer companies and to provide information on
compensation-related trends and developments in the Company's industry and fiscal year 2013 peer companies, including equity award practices. Compensia did not provide any other services to the
Company. The Company's Chief Executive Officer has not met or consulted with Compensia individually, nor has he met with Compensia with respect to his individual compensation. The Compensation
Committee has reviewed its relationship with Compensia and determined that the services Compensia provides the Company does not create any conflicts of interest. 37 Table of Contents Elements of the Current Executive Compensation Program Base Salaries The Compensation Committee generally reviews the base salaries of the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, in
the first quarter of each year. To assist with that review, Compensia provided the Compensation Committee with a summary of the base salary levels in effect for comparable executive officers based
upon industry surveys as well as the Company's peer companies (based on their published prior year's data). The Compensation Committee has typically considered such summaries, as well as internal
comparables, individual performance and the Company's financial performance, in reviewing the executive officers' base salary levels. The weighting of these factors by the Compensation Committee has
been subjective, and not formulaic. The Compensation Committee does not use a formula for determining the executive officers' base salaries and other forms of compensation and does not benchmark
compensation at any specific levels relative to the peer companies. Based
on the subjective factors described above, the Compensation Committee determined it was appropriate to set annual base salaries for fiscal year 2013 for Mr. Mehrotra,
Ms. Bruner, and Mr. Sadana, effective as of February 25, 2013, at $950,000, $595,500, and $496,000, respectively. The salaries for Dr. Sivaram and Mr. Whitaker for
fiscal year 2013 were set by the Compensation Committee at the levels set forth in the "Salary" column of the Summary Compensation Table in the month in which each such Named Executive Officer was
hired. The total base salaries effective for fiscal year 2013 for each of the Named Executive Officers are as set forth in the "Salary" column of the Summary Compensation Table. Annual Cash Incentive Awards Although none of the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers who are currently employees of the Company, has an
employment agreement or other contractual right to cash incentive awards for any given year (other than the change in control agreements entered into with the Named Executive Officers and the
severance benefits agreement entered into with the Company's Chief Executive Officer), in recent years, the Company has granted cash incentive awards to the Named Executive Officers. These cash
incentive awards were determined based on the achievement of specified performance goals, which were the same performance goals for the cash incentive awards provided to the Company's broader employee
population. In February 2013, the Compensation Committee approved a cash incentive program for fiscal year 2013 in which the employees, including the Named Executive Officers, were participants (the
"2013 bonus program"). Cash incentive awards provided to the Named Executive Officers under the 2013 bonus program were designed to qualify as "performance-based" for purposes of Section 162(m)
of the Code, with respect to Messrs. Mehrotra and Sadana. The Named Executive Officers' cash incentive awards under the 2013 bonus program include a target incentive amount that is expressed as
a percentage of base salary. Such target incentive amounts for each of Mr. Mehrotra, Ms. Bruner, and Mr. Sadana were approved by the Compensation Committee based on its review of
comparable bonus opportunities at the Company's peer companies, internal comparability with percentage targets of other executive officers and the executive officer's level of responsibility,
experience and knowledge. The target incentive amounts generally increase as an executive officer's responsibilities increase, reflecting the Company's compensation philosophy that as an executive
officer's level of responsibility increases, a greater portion of that executive officer's total compensation should be dependent on the Company's performance. In
February 2013, the Compensation Committee set the target bonus percentages for certain Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2013, consistent with the target bonus percentages for
fiscal year 2012, as follows: 150% of base salary for Mr. Mehrotra; 100% of base salary for Ms. Bruner; and 90% of base salary for Mr. Sadana. The target bonus percentage for each
of Mr. Whitaker and Dr. Sivaram was set at 75% of base salary by the Compensation Committee at the time that each was hired in fiscal year 2013. In 38 Table of Contents accordance
with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Compensation Committee established a maximum bonus amount payable to each of Mr. Mehrotra and Mr. Sadana under the 2013 bonus
program of 300% of his target bonus amount in connection with the achievement of the business objectives described below. The Compensation Committee also established a maximum bonus amount payable to
Ms. Bruner under the 2013 bonus program of 300% of her target bonus amount in connection with the achievement of the business objectives described below, although the compensation of the
principal financial officer is not subject to Section 162(m) of the Code. Subject to the maximum target bonus amount, the Compensation Committee has the discretion to vary the individual cash
incentive awards or bonuses based on the performance of the Company and the individual. The
amount of bonuses payable under the 2013 bonus program were based on the following: (1) the Company's performance during fiscal year 2013 relative to a non-GAAP EPS target,
which constituted 65% of the 2013 bonus program, and (2) the Company's performance relative to strategic objectives, which collectively constituted 35% of the 2013 bonus program. The strategic
objectives approved by the Compensation Committee related to (1) memory technology leadership as demonstrated through next-generation technology development, (2) system
technology/product platform competitiveness as demonstrated through achievement of product development, (3) customer ratings compared to competitors from top strategic OEM Customers,
(4) product launches with respect to certain SSD products, (5) customer acceptance and revenue objectives with respect to certain SSD products, (6) revenue targets with respect to
new channels or software, and (7) global market share in the retail market. In the aggregate, the Company exceeded the target performance for the strategic objectives. With respect to the
fiscal year 2013 non-GAAP EPS goal, the minimum non-GAAP EPS target approved by the Compensation Committee that would have resulted in a payout under the 2013 bonus program was $2.43 per share. The
Company's fiscal year 2013 non-GAAP EPS result was $5.31 per share, above the minimum EPS target approved by the Compensation Committee. Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures," of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 includes a
discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company. The table within the non-GAAP financial measures discussion reconciles the Company's non-GAAP net income to the Company's GAAP-basis
net income and shows how the corresponding per-share amounts were derived. The discussion following that table also includes a description of the adjustments shown in the table, including income tax
adjustments. After
the completion of fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee evaluated the fiscal year 2013 performance of the Company and the individual performance of each Named Executive
Officer who was currently an employee of the Company. As a result of the Company's achievement against the financial and strategic objectives described above, each of the Named Executive Officers
became eligible for the maximum bonus amount of 300% of his or her target bonus amount (other than Dr. Sivaram and Mr. Whitaker, whose fiscal year 2013 bonuses were not subject to a
maximum limitation, in accordance with the 2013 bonus program in effect for the broader employee population). The Compensation Committee also considered the individual performance of each Named
Executive Officer, as follows: • Mr. Mehrotra—The Compensation Committee considered Mr. Mehrotra's contributions to
overachievement of both the Company's fiscal year 2013 financial and strategic objectives, as well as his leadership in key decisions about future strategy. • Ms. Bruner—The Compensation Committee considered Ms. Bruner's contributions to the Company's
financial matters, investor relations and other administrative and infrastructure functions and corporate management of the Company, particularly with respect to her leadership on the return of
capital strategy executed by the Company as well as the convertible debt offering. 39 Table of Contents • Mr. Sadana—The Compensation Committee considered Mr. Sadana's contributions to the Company's
overall strategy and mergers and acquisitions in fiscal year 2013, including the completed acquisition of SMART Storage, the Company's strategic position, and improvements in the Company's product
development process. • Dr. Sivaram—The Compensation Committee considered Dr. Sivaram's knowledge and experience with
3-dimensional memory architectures, his contributions towards and leadership in developing the Company's near-term and longer-term memory technologies and his leadership in organizing and managing the
Company's worldwide memory technology teams. • Mr. Whitaker—The Compensation Committee considered Mr. Whitaker's leadership in the Company's
intellectual property licensing program and litigation strategy, as well as his contributions to the completed acquisition of SMART Storage, the convertible debt offering, and other legal matters. Upon
consideration of each of the foregoing company-wide and individual factors, the Compensation Committee determined that the actual cash incentive awards for fiscal year 2013 for each
Named Executive Officer should be as follows: $3,063,750 for Mr. Mehrotra (215% of his target bonus); $1,275,000 for Ms. Bruner (214% of her target bonus); $960,000 for Mr. Sadana
(215% of his target bonus); $290,000 for Dr. Sivaram (172% of his target bonus, as pro-rated based on Dr. Sivaram's start date at the Company of June 24, 2013); and $540,000 for
Mr. Whitaker (180% of his target bonus, as pro-rated based on Mr. Whitaker's start date at the Company of January 7, 2013). These annual cash incentive awards earned by the Named
Executive Officers for fiscal year 2013 are also set forth in the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" column in the Summary Compensation Table. Clawback Policy on Cash-Based Incentive Awards The Section 16 Officers, including the Named Executive Officers, are subject to the Company's clawback policy. The Company's
clawback policy provides that the Board may require reimbursement or forfeiture of all or a portion of any cash-based incentive compensation paid to such individual to the extent that (i) the
Company's financial statements are required to be restated as a result of material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (other than a restatement
due to a change in financial accounting rules), (ii) as a result of such restatement, a performance measure or specified performance target which was a material factor in determining the amount
of cash-based incentive compensation previously earned by the individual is restated, and (iii) upon a determination by the Board, a lesser payment of cash-based incentive compensation would
have been made to the individual based upon the restated financial results. The Board intends to revisit the Company's clawback policy once the SEC adopts final rules implementing the requirements of
Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Long-Term Share-Based Incentive Awards The Company's policy is that the long-term compensation of the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, should be
directly linked to the value provided to the Company's stockholders. Therefore, 100% of the Named Executive Officers' long-term compensation is currently awarded in the form of share-based instruments
that are in, or valued by reference to, the
Company's Common Stock. The Company's share-based awards have been made in the form of stock options and RSUs, although the majority of these awards have historically been stock options. The number of
shares of Common Stock subject to each annual award is intended to create a meaningful opportunity for stock ownership in light of the Named Executive Officer's current position with the Company, the
economic value of comparable awards to comparable executive officers at the Company's peer companies, the individual's potential for increased responsibility and promotion over the award term, and the
individual's performance in recent 40 Table of Contents periods.
The Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the number of unvested share-based incentive awards held by each Named Executive Officer, in order to maintain an appropriate level of
equity incentive for that individual. However, the Compensation Committee does not adhere to any specific guidelines as to the relative equity award holdings of the Company's executive officers,
including the Named Executive Officers. Furthermore, similar to the setting of base salaries, the weighting of the above factors is subjective, and the Compensation Committee does not use a formula to
determine the number or value of share-based incentive awards granted to any executive officer, including the Named Executive Officers. Timing. The Compensation Committee typically grants long-term share-based incentive awards in the first quarter of the fiscal year,
except for awards
to new hires and awards related to the promotion and retention of current employees. However, there is no formal program, plan or policy in place at the Company or in the Compensation Committee's
charter with respect to the timing of long-term share-based incentive award grants, except as set forth below with respect to grants to new employees and related to promotions and retention. The
Compensation Committee has complete discretion as to when it awards long-term share-based incentive awards. There is also no program, plan or policy related to the timing of grants to the executive
officers in coordination with the release of material nonpublic information. Long-term share-based incentive awards granted to new hires or to promoted employees occur after the new hire has joined
the Company or, in the case of a promoted employee, after the promotion has been approved. For a newly hired or promoted executive officer, the associated stock award is granted at the next meeting of
the Compensation Committee. For a newly hired or promoted employee who is not an executive officer, the associated stock award is granted by the Company's Special Option Committee or Secondary
Executive Committee which generally takes actions at least once per month. Stock Options. The Compensation Committee grants a portion of the long-term share-based incentive awards to the executive officers,
including the
Named Executive Officers, in the form of stock options with an exercise price that is equal to the fair market value of the closing price of the Common Stock on the grant date. Thus, the Named
Executive Officers will only realize value on their stock options if the Company's stockholders realize value on their shares. The stock options also function as a retention
incentive for the Company's executive officers as they generally vest and become exercisable over a four (4) year period following the grant date. In fiscal year 2013, the Compensation
Committee granted stock options to each of the Named Executive Officers. The material terms of these stock options granted in fiscal year 2013 to the Named Executive Officers are described below under
"Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2013." RSUs. The Compensation Committee grants a portion of the long-term share-based incentive awards to the executive officers, including
the Named
Executive Officers, in the form of RSUs. An RSU represents a contractual right to receive one share of Common Stock if the applicable vesting requirements are satisfied. The Company has determined
that it is advisable to grant RSUs in addition to stock options (and in lieu of larger stock option grants) in order to minimize stock expense to the Company and dilution to stockholders as well as to
attract and retain the executive officers. RSUs granted in fiscal year 2013 function as a retention incentive as they generally vest and result in the annual issuance of stock over a four
(4) year period following the grant date. In fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee granted RSUs subject to such time-based vesting to each of the Named Executive Officers. The material
terms of these RSUs granted in fiscal year 2013 to the Named Executive Officers are described below under "Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2013." In
fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee granted each Named Executive Officer RSUs and stock options as described under "Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2013." The
Compensation 41 Table of Contents Committee
considered the following in connection with its approval of grants of RSUs and stock options to each Named Executive Officer: • Mr. Mehrotra—In February 2013, the Compensation Committee granted Mr. Mehrotra RSUs and stock
options. In connection with its approval of such grants, the Compensation Committee considered the economic value of the share-based awards granted to chief executive officers at the Company's peer
companies, Mr. Mehrotra's individual performance in the recent period related to the Company's financial, operational and strategic performance, his continued leadership of the Company, the
Company's financial performance in fiscal year 2012, his expected future contributions to the Company, and the proportional amount and value of Mr. Mehrotra's unvested share-based incentive
awards in comparison to the other Named Executive Officers. • Ms. Bruner—In February 2013, the Compensation Committee granted Ms. Bruner RSUs and stock
options, and in connection with its approval of such grants, the Compensation Committee considered the economic value of the share-based awards granted to comparable executive officers at the
Company's peer companies, Ms. Bruner's position and responsibilities as Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer and individual performance in the recent period
related to the Company's financial matters, investor relations and other administrative and infrastructure functions, as well as corporate management of the Company, the Company's financial
performance in fiscal year 2012, her expected future contributions to the Company, and the proportional amount and value of Ms. Bruner's unvested share-based incentive awards in comparison to
the other Named Executive Officers. • Mr. Sadana—In February 2013, the Compensation Committee granted Mr. Sadana RSUs and stock
options, and in connection with its approval of such grants, the Compensation Committee considered the economic value of the share-based awards granted to comparable executive officers at the
Company's peer companies, Mr. Sadana's position and responsibilities as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer and individual performance related to the Company's overall strategy
and mergers and acquisitions, as well as corporate management of the Company, the Company's financial performance in fiscal year 2012, his expected future contributions to the Company, and the
proportional amount and value of Mr. Sadana's unvested share-based incentive awards in comparison to the other Named Executive Officers. • Dr. Sivaram—In June 2013, in connection with the hiring of Dr. Sivaram, the Compensation
Committee granted Dr. Sivaram RSUs and stock options, and in connection with its approval of such grants, the Compensation Committee considered the economic value of the share-based awards
granted to comparable senior management at the Company's peer companies and Dr. Sivaram's position and responsibilities as Senior Vice President, Memory Technology. • Mr. Whitaker—In January 2013, in connection with the hiring of Mr. Whitaker, the Compensation
Committee granted Mr. Whitaker RSUs and stock options, and in connection with its approval of such grants, the Compensation Committee considered the economic value of the share-based awards
granted to comparable senior management at the Company's peer companies and Mr. Whitaker's position and responsibilities as Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Severance and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control In order to achieve the Company's compensation objective of attracting, retaining and motivating qualified executive officers, the
Company believes that it needs to provide the executive officers with severance protections that are consistent with the severance protections offered by its peer companies. The Company's philosophy
is that a contractual right to severance pay should exist for certain executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, only upon certain terminations of employment in connection with a
change in control of the Company, and for the Company's Chief Executive Officer, upon certain other terminations of employment. 42 Table of Contents Severance Benefits Agreement Upon Termination of Employment. In connection with his promotion to Chief Executive Officer in January
2011,
Mr. Mehrotra and the Company entered into a separate severance agreement not related to a change in control of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Mehrotra is entitled to severance
benefits upon his termination without "cause" or voluntary resignation for "good reason" (as those terms are defined in the severance agreement) without regard to whether a change in control has
occurred. The benefits payable to Mr. Mehrotra under his severance agreement are generally the same as provided for under his change in control agreement, which is discussed below, with the
exception that the severance payment is two times his base salary without a multiple of bonus and he is still entitled to a pro-rata cash incentive bonus for the year in which his termination of
employment has occurred. Only the equity awards which would vest over the twenty-four (24) months following Mr. Mehrotra's termination of employment would accelerate upon his termination
of employment (instead of all of Mr. Mehrotra's then outstanding equity awards as provided for under his change in control agreement). In the event that Mr. Mehrotra is eligible to
receive severance benefits under both his severance agreement and his change in control agreement, he will be entitled only to the severance benefits provided under his change in control agreement. Executive Severance Benefits Agreement Upon a Change in Control. Uncertainty regarding the continued employment of the executive
officers upon the
occurrence or potential occurrence of a change in control transaction results from the fact that many change in control transactions result in significant organizational changes, particularly at the
senior executive level. However, the Company generally does not believe that the executive officers should be entitled to cash severance benefits merely because a
change in control transaction occurs. In order to encourage the executive officers to remain employed with the Company during an important time when their prospects for continued employment following
the transaction are often uncertain, the Company provides executive officers with severance benefits pursuant to a change in control agreement, if their employment is terminated by the Company without
"cause" or by the executive officer for "good reason" (as those terms are defined in the agreements) within three (3) months before or eighteen (18) months following a change in control
(a "Qualifying Termination"). The Company believes that a protected period of three (3) months before and eighteen (18) months following a change in control is in line with the severance
protections provided to comparable executive officers at the Company's peer companies. Given that none of the Named Executive Officers has an employment agreement that provides for a fixed position or
duties, or for a fixed base salary or fixed annual bonus, absent some form of severance trigger upon "good reason," potential acquirers could constructively terminate a Named Executive Officer's
employment and avoid paying severance. For example, following a change in control, an acquirer could materially demote a Named Executive Officer, reduce significantly his or her salary and/or
eliminate his or her annual bonus opportunity to force the Named Executive Officer to terminate his or her own employment and thereby avoid paying severance. Since the Company believes that
constructive terminations in connection with a change in control are conceptually the same as actual terminations, and because the Company believes that acquirers would otherwise have an incentive to
constructively terminate Named Executive Officers to avoid paying severance, the change in control agreements the Company has entered into with its Named Executive Officers permit the Named Executive
Officers to terminate their employment in connection with a change in control for certain "good reasons" that the Company believes result in the constructive termination of the Named Executive
Officers' employment. None
of the change in control agreements of the Named Executive Officers provide for a tax "gross-up" obligation by the Company in the event of any excise tax payable as a result of
Section 280G of the Code. Instead, the change in control agreements provide for a "Best Results" methodology (which means that if a Named Executive Officer would be subject to such excise tax,
any payments and benefits must be reduced to avoid triggering the excise tax if the reduction would result in a greater after-tax amount to the executive officer compared to the amount the executive
officer would receive net of the excise tax if no reduction were made). The change in control agreements are for a term of four (4) years 43 Table of Contents and,
with the exception of Mr. Mehrotra's agreement, provide for a severance payment of one and one-half times the annual base salary and target bonus, as well as eighteen (18) months of
Company-paid medical insurance, in the event of a Qualifying Termination. Under Mr. Mehrotra's change in control agreement, in the event of a Qualifying Termination, the severance payment is
two times his annual base salary and target bonus and his entitlement to Company-paid medical insurance is for twenty-four (24) months. As
discussed under "Annual Cash Incentive Awards" and "Subsequent Committee Actions," the Compensation Committee has established a target bonus percentage for each Named Executive
Officer. Severance payments under the change in control agreements are based on these target bonus
percentages as in effect for the calendar year in which the change in control occurs, regardless of actual performance and regardless of whether the Compensation Committee had the discretion to award
a lower bonus or no bonus. The Company believes that the use of target bonuses for this purpose is appropriate to provide certainty to the executive officers and to avoid disputes concerning the
calculation of severance payments. The
change in control agreements with the Named Executive Officers also provide certain other severance protections, such as (i) accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards
(with accelerated options to remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following termination, subject to the maximum term of the option); and (ii) executive outplacement benefits for
twelve (12) months following termination (including resume assistance, career evaluation and assessment, individual career counseling, access to one or more on-line employment databases, and
administrative support). Similar to cash severance benefits, the Company believes these other severance benefits are consistent with the severance arrangements of the Company's peer companies and
provide the Named Executive Officers with financial and personal security during a period of time when they are likely to be unemployed. Please
see "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control" below for a description of the potential payments that may be made to the Named Executive Officers in connection
with their termination of employment or a change in control. 401(k) Retirement Benefits The Company provides a retirement benefit opportunity to its executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, under the
terms of its tax-qualified 401(k) plan. In fiscal year 2013, the Company made a discretionary matching contribution on behalf of each participant equal to one-half of the first 6% of compensation
contributed to the plan by the participant. The Named Executive Officers participate in the plan on the same terms as the Company's other participating employees. The Company does not maintain any
other deferred compensation (including nonqualified deferred compensation), defined benefit or supplemental retirement plans for its Named Executive Officers. Subsequent Committee Actions In connection with its annual base salary review in February 2014 and based on the factors discussed above under "Base Salaries," the
Compensation Committee set the fiscal year 2014 base salaries of the Named Executive Officers who are currently employees of the Company as follows: Mr. Mehrotra, $1,000,000; Ms. Bruner,
$620,000; Mr. Sadana, $516,000; Dr. Sivaram $459,000; and Mr. Whitaker, $450,000. These base salary adjustments, effective as of February 18, 2014, reflect
increases from the most recent salaries for each of these Named Executive Officers of 5.3%, 4.1%, 4.0%, 2.0% and 5.9%, respectively. In
February 2014, the Compensation Committee also established performance targets and a maximum individual bonus payout amount in connection with the Company's fiscal year 2014 annual
cash incentive program for the executive officers including the Named Executive Officers. The performance targets under the fiscal year 2014 annual cash incentive program relate to a non-GAAP EPS goal
and certain strategic objectives, the attainment of which the Compensation Committee will evaluate following the end of fiscal year 2014. 44 Table of Contents Stock Ownership Guidelines Each Director and executive officer is required to beneficially own Common Stock (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act), with a minimum stock ownership requirement, if any, as determined by the Board from time to time. During fiscal year 2013, each Director and executive officer was required to
beneficially own 1,000 shares of Common Stock upon his or her one-year anniversary of service, increasing by 1,000 shares upon each anniversary of service as a Director up to a maximum of 5,000 shares
after five years of service. The Company's Directors and executive officers complied with these guidelines in fiscal year 2013. In
March 2014, the Company revised its stock ownership guidelines, as set forth in the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, to establish required minimum equity stakes (calculated
by including shares of Company Common Stock owned outright and half a share for each Company unvested RSU) and outright equity ownership (defined as shares of Company Common Stock owned outright) for
Directors and executive officers. The revised stock ownership guidelines provide for, subject to a phase-in period of five years from appointment as a Director or executive officer or from
modification to the stock ownership guidelines, the following required minimum outright equity ownership and equity stakes: (i) each Director shall hold an outright equity ownership of at least
3,000 shares and an equity stake of at least 5,000 shares, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer shall hold an outright equity ownership of at least 16,250 shares and an equity stake of at least
65,000 shares, (iii) each Executive Vice President shall hold an outright equity ownership of at least 6,250 shares and an equity stake of at least 25,000 shares, and (iv) each Senior
Vice President shall hold an outright equity ownership of at least 3,750 shares and an equity stake of at least 15,000 shares. The Company's stock ownership
guidelines are set forth in the Company's Corporate Governance Principles, which are available on the Company's website. Insider Trading Policy The Company's insider trading policy prohibits the Company's employees, including executive officers, from short-selling the Company's
Common Stock, trading in derivative securities related to the Company's securities, including the Company's Common Stock, or otherwise engaging in activities designed to hedge against the Company's
Common Stock. Section 162(m) Policy Section 162(m) of the Code disallows a tax deduction to publicly-held companies for compensation paid to certain executive
officers, to the extent that compensation exceeds $1 million per officer in any year. The limitation applies only to compensation which is not considered to be performance-based, either because
it is not tied to the attainment of performance milestones or because it is not paid pursuant to a stockholder-approved plan. The Compensation Committee believes that in establishing the cash and
equity incentive compensation programs for the Company's executive officers, the potential deductibility of the compensation payable under those programs should be only one of a number of relevant
factors taken into consideration, and not the sole governing factor. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee may provide one or more executive officers with the opportunity to earn incentive
compensation, whether through cash bonus programs tied to the Company's financial performance or share-based awards in the form of restricted stock, RSUs or other forms of equity compensation, which
may be in excess of the amount deductible by reason of Section 162(m) or other provisions of the Code. The Compensation Committee believes it is important to maintain incentive compensation at
the requisite level to attract and retain the executive officers essential to the Company's financial success, even if all or part of that compensation may not be deductible by reason of the
Section 162(m) limitation. 45 Table of Contents Accounting for Share-based Compensation The Compensation Committee takes accounting considerations into account in designing compensation plans and arrangements for the
Company's executive officers, other employees, and Directors. Chief among these is ASC 718, the standard which governs the accounting treatment of share-based compensation awards. ASC
718 requires the Company to measure and record in the Company's consolidated statement of operations all share-based payments to executive officers, employees, and Directors based on
their grant date fair values. The application of ASC 718 involves judgment in the determination of inputs into the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model that the Company uses to determine the fair
value of stock options. These inputs are based upon assumptions as to the volatility of the underlying stock, risk free interest rates, dividend yields, and the expected term of the options. As
required under GAAP, the Company reviews its valuation assumptions periodically, and, as a result, the Company's valuation assumptions used to value stock options granted in future periods may vary
from the valuation assumptions the Company has used previously. ASC
718 also requires the Company to recognize the compensation cost of share-based payments based upon the grant date fair value of the award in the Company's consolidated statement of
operations over the period that an employee or Director is required to render service in exchange for the award (which, generally, will correspond to the award's vesting schedule). This calculation is
performed for accounting purposes and reported in the compensation tables below for the Company's executive officers and Directors, even though the Company's executive officers and Directors may never
realize any value from their awards. 46 Table of Contents COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The information contained in this report shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with
the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that
the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the disclosures contained in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" of this Proxy Statement. Based upon this
review and the Company's discussions, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Company's Board that this "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" be included in this Proxy Statement. The
foregoing report is provided by the following Non-Employee Directors, who constituted the Compensation Committee and participated in the review, discussions and recommendation
referred to above with respect to the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" of this Proxy Statement: Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Irwin Federman (Chair) Steven J. Gomo D. Scott Mercer 47 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table—Fiscal Years 2011—2013 The following table presents information regarding compensation of the Named Executive Officers for services rendered during fiscal
years 2013, 2012 and 2011. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Sanjay Mehrotra, 2013 946,134 — 3,231,875 3,296,606 3,063,750 100,218 10,638,583 President & Chief 2012 880,769 — 2,389,500 2,709,615 661,500 24,852 6,666,236 Executive Officer (4) 2011 807,692 — 3,725,717 6,131,661 1,500,000 2,774 12,167,844 Judy Bruner, 2013 593,516 — 904,925 853,477 1,275,000 32,605 3,659,523 Executive Vice 2012 561,808 — 788,535 836,892 276,800 11,567 2,475,602 President, Administration & Chief Financial Officer 2011 534,231 — 644,820 1,057,320 735,400 6,289 2,978,060 Sumit Sadana 2013 494,757 — 646,375 609,626 960,000 32,049 2,742,807 Executive Vice President 2012 430,769 (5) — 1,731,625 634,009 211,000 9,474 3,016,877 and Chief Strategy Officer 2011 378,269 — 214,940 352,440 415,300 58,250 (6) 1,419,199 Dr. Siva Sivaram 2013 245,769 100,000 (8) 1,833,000 418,775 290,000 14,673 2,902,217 Senior Vice President, Memory Technology (7) Eric S. Whitaker 2013 420,096 100,000 (8) 1,395,900 378,633 540,000 24,365 2,858,994 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer (7) (1) The
amounts shown represent the full grant date fair value of the stock awards and option awards granted to the Named Executive Officers
during the fiscal year as computed in accordance with ASC 718. For a discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the valuations of the stock awards and option awards, please see
the discussion of stock awards and option awards contained in Note 9—"Stockholders' Equity and Share-Based Compensation," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 filed with the SEC on February 21, 2014. Under
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), compensation expense with respect to stock awards and option awards granted to the Company's employees is generally recognized over the vesting
periods applicable to the awards. (2) As
described in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" under "Elements of the Current Executive Compensation Program—Annual
Cash Incentive Awards," each of the Named Executive Officers received a bonus for fiscal year 2013 in the amount disclosed, which was paid in March 2014. (3) The
amounts shown include matching contributions to the Company's 401(k) Plan on behalf of certain Named Executive Officers, imputed income
from term life insurance coverage, and dividends accrued on unvested RSUs during fiscal year 2013. (4) Mr. Mehrotra
was appointed Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2011. Mr. Mehrotra served as a member of the
Board, beginning as of July 21, 2010, and as an employee-Director, Mr. Mehrotra did not receive additional compensation for his services as a Director in fiscal years 2011, 2012 or 2013. 48 Table of Contents (5) Salary
earned in fiscal year 2012 reflects an increased annual base salary of $475,000 per year, effective as of September 13, 2012, in
connection with Mr. Sadana's promotion to Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. (6) For
fiscal year 2011, includes $50,000 payment of expenses incurred in connection with the sale of Mr. Sadana's home. (7) Amounts
shown for Dr. Sivaram and Mr. Whitaker are for less than a full year as Dr. Sivaram joined in June 2013 and
Mr. Whitaker joined in January 2013. Dr. Sivaram and Mr. Whitaker were appointed as executive officers of the Company on September 11, 2013 and March 14, 2013,
respectively. (8) The
amounts shown reflect sign-on bonuses. Compensation of Named Executive Officers The Summary Compensation Table above quantifies the value of the different forms of compensation earned by or awarded to the Named
Executive Officers in fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011. The primary elements of each Named Executive Officer's total compensation reported in the table are base salary, an annual cash incentive award
in the form of either a bonus or a non-equity incentive plan compensation award and long-term equity incentives consisting of stock options and RSUs. The Named Executive Officers also earned or were
paid the other benefits listed in the "All Other Compensation" column of the Summary Compensation Table, as further described in footnotes to the table. The
Summary Compensation Table should be read in conjunction with the tables and narrative descriptions that follow. A description of the material terms of each Named Executive Officer's
base salary and annual bonus is provided immediately following this paragraph. The Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2013 table, and the description of the material terms of the RSUs and
stock options granted in fiscal year 2013 that follows the table, provides information regarding the long-term equity incentives awarded to the Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013. The
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2013 Year-End table and the Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2013 table provide further information on the Named Executive Officers' potential
realizable value and actual value realized with respect to their equity awards. The discussion of the potential payments due upon a termination of employment or change in control that follows in
"Change of Control Benefits Agreements with Named Executive Officers" is intended to further explain the potential future payments that are, or may become, payable to the Named Executive Officers
under certain circumstances. Description of Employment Agreements, Salary and Bonus Amounts As indicated above, none of the Named Executive Officers is employed pursuant to an employment agreement. As a result, their base
salary and bonus opportunities are not fixed by contract. Instead, generally in the first quarter of each fiscal year, the Compensation Committee establishes the base salary level for each of the
Named Executive Officers. In making its determination, the Compensation Committee considers the factors discussed above under "Elements of the Current Executive Compensation Program—Base
Salaries." After the completion of fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee evaluated the performance of the Company and the individual performance of each Named Executive Officer during the year,
and made bonus payments in March 2014 to each of the Named Executive Officers with respect to fiscal year 2013. The material terms of the bonuses paid with respect to fiscal year 2013 are described
above under "Elements of the Current Executive Compensation Program—Annual Cash Incentive Awards." 49 Table of Contents Consistent with the Company's philosophy that a substantial portion of compensation should be contingent on the Company's performance, equity and non-equity
incentive compensation, including bonus amounts, for Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013, the value of which, as described below under "Description of Plan-Based Awards," is significantly
dependent upon Company performance, comprised a large percentage of total compensation. The Company believes this allocation of base salary and incentive compensation in proportion to total
compensation is appropriate to balance the Company's dual goals of aligning the interests of executives and stockholders and providing predictable benefit amounts that reward an executive's continued
service. Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2013 The following table presents information regarding the equity incentive awards granted to the Named Executive Officers during fiscal
year 2013 under the Incentive Plans. The material terms of each grant are described below under "Description of Plan-Based Awards." Estimated Possible Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards All Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) All Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($) (2) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh) Name Grant Date Threshold ($) (1) Target ($) (1) Maximum ($) (1) Sanjay Mehrotra 2/15/2013 62,500 3,231,875 2/15/2013 187,500 51.71 3,296,606 2/15/2013 — 1,425,000 4,275,000 Judy Bruner 2/15/2013 17,500 904,925 2/15/2013 52,500 51.71 853,477 2/15/2013 — 595,500 1,786,500 Sumit Sadana 2/15/2013 12,500 646,375 2/15/2013 37,500 51.71 609,626 2/15/2013 — 446,400 1,339,200 Dr. Siva Sivaram 6/28/2013 30,000 1,833,000 6/28/2013 25,000 61.10 418,775 6/28/2013 1,826 (3) 168,605 505,815 Eric S. Whitaker 1/11/2013 30,000 1,395,900 1/11/2013 25,000 46.53 378,633 1/11/2013 1,441 (4) 300,000 900,000 (1) Under
the 2013 bonus program, each Named Executive Officer is eligible for a maximum bonus amount equal to 300% of his or her target bonus
upon the achievement of any one of the objectives established under the 2013 bonus program. However, the Compensation Committee has the ability to exercise its discretion to adjust the actual payout
to a lesser amount or to eliminate the bonus payout entirely. As a matter of practice, the Compensation Committee generally exercises discretion to pay each executive officer a lesser amount upon
consideration of the actual achievement of the financial and strategic objectives in the fiscal year, the relative weightings assigned to the financial and strategic objectives by the Compensation
Committee, the individual performance of the executive officer, and other factors as described under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of the Current Executive Compensation
Program—Annual Cash Incentive Awards." Amounts under "Threshold" reflect that no payouts would have been payable under the 2013 bonus program if the Compensation Committee determined that
actual achievement was sufficiently low compared against the established objectives under the 2013 bonus program and exercised its discretion to eliminate the bonus payout entirely. Amounts under
"Target" reflect the target bonus amount, which would have been paid to the executive officer if each of the objectives had been achieved at 100% and the individual performance of each executive
officer met his or her specified target levels, and the Compensation Committee had exercised its discretion 50 Table of Contents accordingly,
which, for each executive officer, would have been 100% of his or her target bonus. Actual bonuses paid under the 2013 bonus program are reflected in the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation" column of the table labeled "Summary Compensation Table" above. (2) The
amounts represent the full grant date fair value of the stock awards and option awards granted in fiscal year 2013 as computed in
accordance with ASC 718. For a discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the valuations of the stock awards and option awards, please see the discussion of stock awards and
option awards contained in Note 9—"Stockholders' Equity and Share-Based Compensation," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data," of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 filed with the SEC on February 21, 2014. Under GAAP, compensation expense with respect
to stock awards and option awards granted to the Company's employees is generally recognized over the vesting periods applicable to the awards. (3) Dr. Sivaram
was not an executive officer at the time the Compensation Committee established the 2013 bonus program in February 2013 and
therefore was not subject to the same terms as the other Named Executive Officers under the 2013 bonus program. Amounts under "Threshold" reflect the minimum amounts payable if the Company had
achieved the minimum level, compared against the established business objectives under the 2013 bonus program, under which any bonus amount would have been payable. Amounts under "Target" reflect the
target bonus amount, which would have been paid to Dr. Sivaram if each of the business objectives had been achieved at 100 percent. Amounts under "Maximum" reflect the maximum amounts
payable if the Company had overachieved each of the business objectives at the maximum levels contemplated under the 2013 bonus program. Actual bonuses paid under the 2013 bonus program are reflected
in the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" column of the table labeled "Summary Compensation Table" above. (4) Mr. Whitaker
was not an executive officer at the time the Compensation Committee established the 2013 bonus program in February 2013
and therefore was not subject to the same terms as the other Named Executive Officers under the 2013 bonus program. Amounts under "Threshold" reflect the minimum amounts payable if the Company had
achieved the minimum level, compared against the established business objectives under the 2013 bonus program, under which any bonus amount would have been payable. Amounts under "Target" reflect the
target bonus amount, which would have been paid to Mr. Sivaram if each of the business objectives had been achieved at 100 percent. Amounts under "Maximum" reflect the maximum amounts
payable if the Company had overachieved each of the business objectives at the maximum levels contemplated under the 2013 bonus program. Actual bonuses paid under the 2013 bonus program are reflected
in the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" column of the table labeled "Summary Compensation Table" above. Description of Plan-Based Awards All actual non-equity incentive plan payouts were made under the fiscal year 2013 annual cash incentive plan and are disclosed in the
Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation." During
fiscal year 2013, each Named Executive Officer was awarded time-based RSU and stock option awards. Each of these awards was granted under, and is subject to the terms of, the 2005
Plan with the exception of the awards granted to Dr. Sivaram, which were granted under, and are subject to the terms
of, the 2013 Plan. The Incentive Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has authority to interpret the provisions and make all required determinations under
the Incentive Plans. This authority includes making required proportionate adjustments to outstanding awards upon the occurrence of certain corporate events such as reorganizations, mergers and stock
splits and making provision to ensure that any tax withholding obligations incurred in respect of awards are satisfied. Awards granted under the Incentive Plans are generally transferable only to a
beneficiary of a Named Executive Officer upon his or her death. However, the Compensation Committee may establish procedures for the transfer of awards to other persons or entities, provided that such
transfers comply with applicable securities laws and, with limited exceptions set forth in the plan document, are not made for value. 51 Table of Contents Under
the terms of the Incentive Plans, if there is a change in control of the Company, each Named Executive Officer's outstanding share-based awards granted under the plan will
generally become fully vested and, in the case of options, exercisable, to the extent such outstanding awards are not substituted or assumed in connection with the transaction. Any options that would
vest in connection with a change in control generally must be exercised prior to the change in control, or they will be canceled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment in connection with
the change in control transaction. In addition, if there is a change in control of the Company, the Compensation Committee may terminate the performance period applicable to the cash incentive award
and pro-rate (based on the number of days during the performance period prior to the transaction) the bonus and performance objectives based on year-to-date performance. Restricted Stock Units Each RSU reported in the table above and granted to the Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013 represents a contractual right to
receive one share of the Company's Common Stock if the vesting requirements described below are satisfied. RSUs are credited to a bookkeeping account established by the Company on behalf of each Named
Executive Officer receiving such an award. The RSUs are subject to a four (4) year vesting schedule, with 25% of the units vesting annually from the date of grant. Outstanding RSUs, however,
may terminate earlier in connection with a change in control transaction or a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. Subject to any accelerated vesting that may apply, the unvested
portion of the RSU will immediately terminate upon a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. RSUs
will generally be paid in an equivalent number of shares of the Company's Common Stock as they vest. The Named Executive Officers are not entitled to voting rights with respect to
the RSUs. However, the Named Executive Officers are entitled to the following dividend equivalent rights with
respect to the RSUs. If the Company pays a cash dividend on its Common Stock and the dividend record date occurs after the grant date and before all of the RSUs have either been paid or terminated,
then the Company will credit the Named Executive Officer's bookkeeping account with an amount equal to (i) the per-share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock with respect to
the dividend record date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of outstanding and unpaid RSUs (including any unvested RSUs) as of the dividend record date. These dividend equivalents will be
subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms and conditions as the original RSUs to which they relate (except that the dividend equivalents may be paid in cash or such other form as the plan
administrator may deem appropriate). Stock Options Each stock option reported in the table above was granted with a per-share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of
Common Stock on the grant date. For these purposes, and in accordance with the terms of the Incentive Plans and the Company's option grant practices, the fair market value is equal to the closing
price of a share of Common Stock on NASDAQ on the applicable grant date. Each
stock option granted to the Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013 is subject to a four (4) year vesting schedule, with 25% of the option vesting on first anniversary
of the date of grant, and the remaining 75% of the option vesting in twelve (12) substantially equal installments on each successive three (3) month anniversary thereafter. Once vested,
each stock option will generally remain exercisable until its normal expiration date. Each of the stock options granted to the Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2013 has a term of seven
(7) years. Outstanding options, however, may terminate earlier in connection with a change in control transaction or a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. Subject to any
accelerated vesting that may apply, the unvested portion of the stock option will immediately terminate upon a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. The Named 52 Table of Contents Executive
Officer will generally have three (3) months to exercise the vested portion of the stock option following a termination of employment. This period is extended to twelve
(12) months if the termination is on account of the Named Executive Officer's death or permanent disability. However, if a Named Executive Officer's employment is terminated by the Company for
"misconduct" (as determined under the plan), outstanding stock options (whether vested or unvested) will immediately terminate. The
stock options granted to the Named Executive Officers during fiscal year 2013 do not include any dividend or dividend equivalent rights. 53 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2013 Year-End The following table presents information regarding the outstanding share-based awards held by each Named Executive Officer as of
December 29, 2013, including the vesting dates for the portions of these awards that had not vested as of that date. Additional information regarding these awards is presented in the footnotes
below and in the table below under "Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2013." Option Awards (1) Stock Awards (2) Name (a) Option Grant Date (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (c) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (d) Option Exercise Price ($) (e) Option Expiration Date (f) Stock Award Grant Date (g) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (h) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (3) (i) Sanjay Mehrotra 3/5/2009 71,000 — 8.16 3/4/2016 2/24/2010 112,500 7,500 (4) 28.23 2/23/2017 1/3/2011 77,500 84,375 (5) 51.24 1/2/2018 2/22/2011 — 18,750 (6) 48.85 2/21/2018 2/17/2012 — 84,375 (7) 47.79 2/16/2019 2/15/2013 — 187,500 (8) 51.71 2/14/2020 2/24/2010 6,667 (12) 468,290 1/3/2011 30,000 (13) 2,107,200 2/22/2011 6,667 (14) 468,290 2/17/2012 37,500 (15) 2,634,000 2/15/2013 62,500 (16) 4,390,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Totals 261,000 382,500 143,334 10,067,780 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Judy Bruner 2/24/2010 56,250 3,750 (4) 28.23 2/23/2017 2/22/2011 40,837 18,563 (6) 48.85 2/21/2018 2/17/2012 21,656 27,844 (7) 47.79 2/16/2019 2/15/2013 — 52,500 (8) 51.71 2/14/2020 2/24/2010 3,334 (12) 234,180 2/22/2011 6,600 (14) 463,584 2/17/2012 12,375 (15) 869,220 2/15/2013 17,500 (16) 1,229,200 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Totals 118,743 102,657 39,809 2,796,184 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Sumit Sadana 4/9/2010 2,500 5,000 (9) 36.03 4/8/2017 2/22/2011 2,475 6,188 (6) 48.85 2/21/2018 2/17/2012 4,688 21,094 (7) 47.79 2/16/2019 2/15/2013 — 37,500 (8) 51.71 2/14/2020 4/30/2010 3,334 (18) 234,180 2/22/2011 2,200 (14) 154,528 2/17/2012 9,375 (15) 658,500 9/13/2012 18,750 (19) 1,317,000 2/15/2013 12,500 (16) 878,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Totals 9,663 69,782 46,159 3,242,208 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Dr. Siva Sivaram 6/28/2013 — 25,000 (10) 61.10 6/27/2020 6/28/2013 30,000 (20) 2,107,200 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Totals — 25,000 30,000 2,107,200 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Eric S. Whitaker 1/11/2013 — 25,000 (11) 46.53 1/20/2020 1/11/2013 30,000 (17) 2,107,200 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Totals — 25,000 30,000 2,107,200 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) Each
stock option reported in the table above with a grant date on or after June 13, 2013 was granted under, and is subject to, the
2013 Plan. The stock option expiration date shown in column (f) above is the latest date that the stock options may be exercised; however, the stock options may terminate earlier in certain
circumstances described below. For each Named Executive Officer, the unexercisable stock options shown in column (d) above are unvested and will generally terminate if the Named Executive
Officer's employment terminates. The
exercisable stock options shown in column (c) above, and any unexercisable stock options shown in column (d) above that subsequently become exercisable, will generally expire earlier
than the normal expiration date upon the termination of the 54 Table of Contents Named
Executive Officer's employment. Unless exercised, exercisable stock options will generally terminate within three (3) months after the date of termination of employment. However, if a
Named Executive Officer dies or becomes totally disabled while employed with the Company, or if their employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the executive for good reason within
three (3) months prior to or eighteen (18) months following a change in control, exercisable stock options will generally remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the
Named Executive Officer's death, disability or termination of employment. In addition, the stock options (whether exercisable or not) will immediately terminate if a Named Executive Officer's
employment is terminated by the Company for "misconduct" (as determined under the plan). The stock options may become fully vested and may terminate earlier than the normal expiration date if there is
a change in control of the Company and the stock options are not assumed or replaced by an acquirer. (2) The
shares underlying the RSUs held by our Named Executive Officers are subject to accelerated vesting in connection with certain changes in
control of the Company if not assumed or replaced by an acquirer and upon certain terminations of employment in connection with a change in control of the Company, as described in more detail above
under "Grants of Plan-Based Awards" and below under "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control." Except as otherwise indicated in those sections, unvested shares underlying the RSUs
will generally be forfeited upon the termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. (3) The
market value of stock awards reported is computed by multiplying the number of shares or units of stock reported by $70.24, the closing
market price of our Common Stock on December 27, 2013, the last trading day in fiscal year 2013. (4) The
unvested portions of these stock options vested on February 24, 2014. (5) The
unvested portions of these stock options vest in eight (8) substantially equal installments, beginning on January 3, 2014
and at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (6) The
unvested portions of these stock options vest in eight (8) substantially equal installments, beginning on February 22, 2014
and at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (7) The
unvested portions of these stock options vest in twelve (12) substantially equal installments, beginning on February 17,
2014 and at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (8) Of
the unvested portions of these stock options, 25% of the stock options vested on February 15, 2014, and the remaining 75% of the
stock options vest in twelve (12) substantially equal installments at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (9) The
unvested portions of this stock option vests in two (2) substantially equal installments on January 9, 2014 and
April 9, 2014. (10) Of
the unvested portions of these stock options, 25% of the stock options will vest on June 28, 2014, and the remaining 75% of the
stock options vest in twelve (12) substantially equal installments at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (11) Of
the unvested portions of these stock options, 25% of the stock options vested on January 11, 2014, and the remaining 75% of the
stock options vest in twelve (12) substantially equal installments at the end of each three (3) month period thereafter. (12) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vested on February 24, 2014. (13) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in two (2) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on January 3,
2014 and on the anniversary thereafter. (14) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in two (2) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on February 22,
2014 and on the anniversary thereafter. (15) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in three (3) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on
February 17, 2014 and on each anniversary thereafter. (16) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in four (4) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on
February 15, 2014 and on each anniversary thereafter. (17) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in four (4) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on January 11,
2014 and on each anniversary thereafter. (18) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest on April 30, 2014. (19) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in three (3) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on
September 13, 2014 and on each anniversary thereafter. (20) The
unvested portions of these stock awards vest in four (4) substantially equal annual installments, beginning on June 28,
2014 and on each anniversary thereafter. 55 Table of Contents Options Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2013 The following table presents information regarding the exercise of stock options by the Named Executive Officers during fiscal year
2013 and the vesting during fiscal year 2013 of stock awards previously granted to the Named Executive Officers. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) (1) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (2) Sanjay Mehrotra 660,000 17,227,859 37,500 1,811,275 Judy Bruner 285,000 7,710,603 10,759 541,488 Sumit Sadana 37,855 479,660 13,808 771,231 Dr. Siva Sivaram — — — — Eric S. Whitaker — — — — (1) The
dollar amounts shown for option awards are determined by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Common Stock to which the exercise
of the option related, by (ii) the difference between the per-share sales price of Common Stock at exercise and the exercise price of the options. (2) The
dollar amounts shown for stock awards are determined by multiplying the number of shares or units, as applicable, that vested by the
per-share closing price of Common Stock on the vesting date. Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control The following section describes the benefits that may become payable to Named Executive Officers in connection with certain
terminations of their employment with the Company and/or a change in control of the Company. As prescribed by the SEC's disclosure rules, in calculating the amount of any potential payments to these
Named Executive Officers, the Company has assumed that the applicable triggering event ( i.e. , termination of employment or change in control) occurred
on December 29, 2013 and that the price per share of Common Stock is equal to $70.24, the closing price per share on December 27, 2013 (the last trading day in fiscal year 2013). In
addition to the change in control and termination benefits described below, outstanding share-based awards held by the Company's Named Executive Officers may also be subject to
accelerated vesting in connection with certain changes in control of the Company under the terms of the Company's equity incentive plans as noted under "Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year
2013" and "Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2013 Year-End" above. The estimated value of accelerated vesting under the
Company's equity incentive plans is covered below under the description of these Named Executive Officers' severance arrangements. The
Company has calculated the value of any option award or stock award that may be accelerated in connection with a change in control of the Company to be the full value of such award
( i.e. , the full "spread" value for option awards and the full price per share of Common Stock for stock awards). Change of Control Benefits Agreements with Named Executive Officers The Company has entered into a change of control agreement with each Named Executive Officer. The agreements are substantially
identical (except as noted below with respect to Mr. Mehrotra) and provide for certain benefits to be paid to the Named Executive Officer in connection with a change of control and/or
termination of employment with the Company under the circumstances described below. 56 Table of Contents Change of Control Benefits. Upon a "Change of Control" (as defined in the change of control agreement) of the Company, for purposes of
the Named
Executive Officer's vesting in then outstanding and unvested performance-based equity awards, the Named Executive Officer will be deemed to have met the performance objectives as of the end of the
specified performance measuring period if the Named Executive Officer remains an employee as of the end of such period. Any performance-based awards that do not vest solely by meeting the performance
objectives shall continue to vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement by assuming the performance objective is met. Severance Benefits—Termination of Employment in Connection with Change in Control. In the event a Named Executive Officer's
employment is
terminated by the Company (or a successor) without "Cause" (and not on account of the Named Executive Officer's death or disability) or by the Named Executive Officer for "Good Reason" (as those terms
are defined in the change of control agreement) within three (3) months before or eighteen (18) months following a Change of Control of the Company, the Named Executive Officer will be
entitled to severance pay that includes: (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to one and one-half times (two times for Mr. Mehrotra) the sum of (A) the
Named Executive Officer's annual base salary as of the Change of Control or termination of employment, whichever is greater, plus (B) the Named Executive Officer's annual target bonus for the
calendar year of termination; (ii) for a period of eighteen (18) months (plus six (6) additional months for Mr. Mehrotra) following the termination date (or, if earlier,
until the date the Named Executive Officer becomes eligible for coverage under the health plan of a future employer), premiums for 18 months' (24 months' in the case of
Mr. Mehrotra) continuation of the same or equivalent health insurance coverage for the Named Executive Officer and his or her eligible dependents (if applicable) as the Named Executive Officer
was receiving immediately prior to the termination; (iii) accelerated vesting of the Named Executive Officer's equity awards to the extent outstanding on the termination date and not otherwise
vested, with accelerated options to remain exercisable for one (1) year following the termination (subject to the maximum term of the option and to any right that the Company may have to
terminate options in connection with the Change of Control); and (iv) if requested, for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination, executive-level outplacement benefits
(which shall include at least resume assistance, career evaluation and assessment, individual career counseling, access to one or more on-line employment databases (with research assistance provided),
and administrative support). If following a Change of Control, an excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code would apply to any payments or benefits received by a Named Executive Officer,
then his or her benefits shall be either (a) paid in full or (b) delivered to a lesser extent such that no portion would be subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greatest
after-tax benefit to the Named Executive Officer. The
following table lists the Named Executive Officers and the estimated amounts they would have become entitled to under their change of control agreement had their employment with the
Company terminated on December 29, 2013 under the circumstances described above. Name Estimated Total Value of Cash Payment ($) Estimated Total Value of Insurance Coverage Continuation ($) (1) Estimated Total Value of Equity Acceleration ($) (2) Estimated Value of Outplacement Benefits ($) Total ($) Sanjay Mehrotra 4,750,000 48,683 17,755,636 75,000 22,629,319 Judy Bruner 1,786,500 36,512 4,948,707 75,000 6,846,719 Sumit Sadana 1,413,600 36,512 4,714,055 75,000 6,239,167 Dr. Siva Sivaram 1,181,250 36,512 2,335,700 75,000 3,628,462 Eric S. Whitaker 1,115,625 36,512 2,699,950 75,000 3,927,087 (1) This
amount includes estimated health insurance premiums. 57 Table of Contents (2) This
amount includes option awards and stock awards. The amount for option awards is calculated based on the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been subject to acceleration multiplied by the difference between the closing price of the Common Stock on December 27, 2013 (the last trading day in fiscal year 2013) of $70.24
per share and the exercise price of the stock option. The amount for stock awards is calculated based on the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been subject to acceleration multiplied by
the closing price of the Common Stock on December 27, 2013 of $70.24 per share. Severance Benefits—Termination of Employment Not in Connection with Change in Control. In connection with his promotion to Chief
Executive Officer in January 2011, Mr. Mehrotra and the Company entered into a severance agreement pursuant to which Mr. Mehrotra is entitled to severance benefits upon his termination
without cause or voluntary resignation for good reason (as those terms are defined in the severance agreement) without regard to whether a change of control has occurred. The benefits payable to
Mr. Mehrotra under his severance agreement are generally the same as provided for under his change of control agreement with the exception that the bonus component of the severance is comprised
of Mr. Mehrotra's pro-rata cash incentive bonus for the year in which his termination of employment occurs instead of a multiple of his target bonus, and only those equity awards which would
have vested over the twenty-four (24) months following Mr. Mehrotra's termination of employment would have accelerated upon his termination of employment, instead of all of
Mr. Mehrotra's then outstanding equity awards as provided for under the change of control agreement. In the event that Mr. Mehrotra is eligible to receive severance benefits under both
his severance agreement and his change of control agreement, he will be entitled only to the severance benefits provided under his change of control agreement. Assuming Mr. Mehrotra's
employment was terminated without "cause" or he resigned for "good reason" (as such terms are defined in the severance agreement) on the last day of fiscal year 2013, the estimated total cash values
of Mr. Mehrotra's cash payment, insurance coverage continuation, equity acceleration and outplacement assistance under his severance agreement would have been the following: $3,325,000,
$48,683, $13,386,421 and $75,000, respectively, for a total amount of $16,835,104. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information known to the Company regarding the ownership of Common Stock as of March 3,
2014 by each Director and Named Executive Officer and all current Directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. The
beneficial ownership reported in the tables below is based upon 226,409,059 shares of Common Stock outstanding on March 3, 2014. For each individual, the total number of
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned represents shares held outright plus shares which such individual has the right to acquire either on or within 60 days after March 3, 2014,
including upon the exercise of a stock option or the vesting of RSUs. Such potential acquisitions of Common Stock within 60 days of March 3, 2014 are
not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage owned by any other individual. Unless 58 Table of Contents otherwise
indicated and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the following tables have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock. Beneficial Ownership Name or Group of Beneficial Owners Number of Shares Owned Outright Number of Shares Exercisable on or within 60 days after March 3, 2014 (1) Total Beneficial Shares Percentage Owned Judy Bruner (2) 45,875 112,425 158,300 * Irwin Federman 43,274 6,250 49,524 * Steven J. Gomo 6,021 25,000 31,021 * Eddy W. Hartenstein 23,708 12,500 36,208 * Dr. Chenming Hu 1,750 25,000 26,750 * Catherine P. Lego (3) 245,240 35,000 280,240 * Michael E. Marks (4) 25,828 25,000 50,828 * Sanjay Mehrotra (5) 48,807 172,250 221,057 * D. Scott Mercer — — — * Sumit Sadana 4,617 15,457 20,074 * Dr. Siva Sivaram 4,796 — 4,796 * Eric S. Whitaker 5,441 7,812 13,253 * All current directors and executive officers as a group (13 persons) (6) 459,899 439,695 899,594 * * Less
than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock. (1) Consists
of shares subject to outstanding options granted to the Directors or executive officers that were exercisable on or within
60 days after March 3, 2014. Some of the shares subject to those options granted to the Directors are currently unvested and would be subject to a repurchase right of the Company that
lapses over time, if such options were exercised. (2) Includes
45,875 shares held in the name of a trust for the benefit of Ms. Bruner and her spouse. (3) Includes
242,254 shares held in the name of a trust of which Ms. Lego is the trustee. (4) Includes
20,000 shares held by limited liability companies controlled by Mr. Marks. (5) Includes
48,807 shares held in the name of a trust for the benefit of Mr. Mehrotra and his spouse. (6) Includes
439,695 shares subject to outstanding options granted to the Directors or executive officers that were exercisable on or within
60 days after March 3, 2014. The
following table sets forth certain information about entities of which the Company is aware, based solely on filings made with the SEC, to be beneficial owners of 5% or more of the
Common Stock based on 226,409,059 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 3, 2014: Beneficial Ownership Name or Group of Beneficial Owners Number of Shares Percentage Owned BlackRock, Inc. (1) 12,512,520 5.5 % 40 East 52nd Street New York, New York 10022 The Vanguard Group, Inc. (2) 15,463,205 6.8 % 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355 Clearbridge Investments, LLC (3) 12,415,581 5.5 % 620 8th Avenue New York, New York 10018 59 Table of Contents (1) Number
of shares beneficially owned is reported as of December 31, 2013 and based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by
BlackRock, Inc. on February 10, 2014 with the SEC. BlackRock's Schedule 13G/A disclosed that it has the sole dispositive power with respect to 12,512,520 shares of Common Stock
and sole voting power with respect to 10,434,602 shares of Common Stock. (2) Number
of shares beneficially owned is reported as of December 31, 2013 and based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard
Group, Inc. on February 12, 2014 with the SEC. The Vanguard Group's Schedule 13G/A disclosed that it has the sole voting power with respect to 379,933 shares of Common Stock, sole
dispositive power with respect to 15,116,772 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive power with respect to 346,433 shares of Common Stock. (3) Number
of shares beneficially owned is reported as of December 31, 2013 and based on the Schedule 13G filed by Clearbridge
Investments, LLC on February 14, 2014 with the SEC. Clearbridge Investments, LLC's Schedule 13G disclosed that it has sole dispositive power with respect to 12,415,581
shares of Common Stock and sole voting power with respect to 12,139,450 shares of Common Stock. COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires the Company's Directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a
registered class of the Company's equity securities, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company with the SEC.
Officers, Directors and stockholders holding more than 10% of the outstanding capital stock of the Company are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16(a) reports they file. The
Company reviewed copies of reports filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and written representations from reporting persons that all reportable transactions were
reported. Based solely on that review, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 all required filings were timely made in accordance with the Exchange Act's
requirements. 60 Table of Contents EQUITY COMPENSATION INFORMATION FOR PLANS OR INDIVIDUAL ARRANGEMENTS WITH EMPLOYEES AND NON-EMPLOYEES The following table provides information as of December 29, 2013 with respect to the shares of Common Stock that may be issued
under the Company's existing equity compensation plans. Other than as described in footnote (4) to the following table, there are no assumed plans under which any options to acquire shares or
other share-based awards may be granted. Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (2) 10,608,522 (3)(4)(5) $ 41.59 23,648,965 (6) Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders N/A N/A N/A ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total 10,608,522 $ 41.59 23,648,965 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) Weighted
average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes RSUs. (2) Consists
solely of the 2013 Plan, including options and RSUs incorporated from the 2005 Plan and options from the 1995 Stock Option Plan
(together with the 2005 Plan, the "Predecessor Plans"), and the 2005 Purchase Plans. (3) Excludes
purchase rights accruing under the 2005 Purchase Plans, which have a combined stockholder-approved reserve of 10,000,000 shares.
Under the 2005 Purchase Plans, each eligible employee may purchase up to 1,500 shares of Common Stock at the end of each six (6) month offering period (the last U.S. business day on or
preceding February 14th and August 14th of each calendar year) at a purchase price per share equal to 85% of the lower of (i) the closing selling price per share of
Common Stock on the employee's entry date into that six (6) month offering period or (ii) the closing selling price per share on the purchase date. (4) Excludes
437,374 shares that are subject to options and other equity compensation awards that were originally granted by FlashSoft Corporation
("FlashSoft"), Matrix Semiconductor, Inc. ("Matrix"), msystems Ltd. ("msystems"), Pliant Technology, Inc. ("Pliant") and SMART Storage prior to their acquisition by the Company,
as set forth in this table: Acquired Company Award Category Number of Securities Subject to Applicable Plan Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Estimated Remaining Life (yrs) FlashSoft Awards 37,809 $ — 2.12 Matrix Options 6,037 $ 6.12 1.25 msystems Options 99,861 $ 45.79 2.65 msystems Stock Settled Appreciation Rights 52,701 $ 43.74 2.35 Pliant Options 63,247 $ 2.82 5.58 SMART Storage Options 177,719 $ 19.02 6.13 (5) Includes
155,848 shares subject to options and 593,539 shares subject to RSUs outstanding under the 2013 Plan. Also includes 6,037,299 shares
subject to outstanding options and 3,821,836 RSUs outstanding under the Company's Predecessor Plans. The weighted average estimated remaining life of the outstanding options is 4.2 years. (6) Consists
of shares available for future issuance under the 2013 Plan and the 2005 Purchase Plans. As of December 29, 2013, 19,303,299
shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under the 2013 Plan and 4,345,666 shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under the combined share reserve for the 2005 Purchase Plans. 61 Table of Contents CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS The Audit Committee is responsible for review, approval, or ratification of "related-person transactions" between the Company or its
subsidiaries and related persons. Under SEC rules, a related person is a Director, officer, nominee for Director, or 5% stockholder of the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year and their
immediate family members. The Company has adopted a written related person transaction policy and procedures that apply to any transaction or series of transactions in which the Company or a
subsidiary is a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. The Audit Committee has determined that, barring additional facts or
circumstances, a related person does not have a direct or indirect material interest in the following categories of transactions: • any transaction with another company for which a related person's only relationship is as an employee (other than an
executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 5% of that company's shares, if the amount involved does not exceed the greater of $200,000, or 2% of that company's total annual
revenue; • compensation to executive officers determined by the Compensation Committee; • compensation to Directors determined by the Board; • transactions in which all security holders receive proportional benefits; and • banking-related services involving a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture,
or similar service. In
accordance with the adopted policy and procedures, transactions involving related persons that are not included in one of the above categories are generally reviewed by the Company's
legal department. The legal department determines whether a related person could have a material interest in such a transaction, and any such transaction is submitted to the Audit Committee for
review. The Audit Committee has delegated authority to the chair of the Audit Committee to review any such transactions involving an amount less than $1,000,000. The Audit Committee or the chair of
the Audit Committee, as applicable, determines whether the related person has a material interest in a transaction and may approve, ratify, rescind, or take other action with respect to the
transaction in its discretion. The
son of Irwin Federman, one of the Company's directors, is a Senior Manager in the business development department of the Company's Retail group. Mr. Federman's son's
compensation is consistent with that of others who hold similar roles at the Company. Mr. Federman plays no personal role in determining his son's compensation or reviewing his son's
performance. Mr. Federman does not receive a direct or indirect benefit from his son's position with the Company. In accordance with the related-person transaction approval policy described
above, Mr. Federman's son's employment with the Company was reviewed by the legal department of the Company and submitted for review to the chair of the Audit Committee, who ratified the
transaction. Dr. Chenming
Hu, one of the Company's directors, entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with the Company, dated October 10, 2013 (the "2013 Consulting Agreement"),
pursuant to which Dr. Hu provided the Company with advanced memory technology consulting services through January 10, 2014. Dr. Hu earned $102,968 in consulting fees pursuant to
the 2013 Consulting Agreement in 2013 and $11,032 in 2014. The 2013 Consulting Agreement also contains confidentiality provisions in favor of the Company. In addition to consulting fees, the 2013
Consulting Agreement provides for reimbursement, subject to the Company's written approval, of expenses incurred in the performance of work under the 2013 Consulting 62 Table of Contents Agreement.
The 2013 Consulting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013, filed with the SEC on
February 21, 2014. Dr. Hu entered into a subsequent Consulting Services Agreement with the Company, dated January 13, 2014 (the "2014 Consulting Agreement," and together with the
2013 Consulting Agreement, the "Consulting Agreements"), which contains substantially the same terms as the 2013 Consulting Agreement. Pursuant to the 2014 Consulting Agreement, Dr. Hu provided
the Company with advanced memory technology consulting services through April 13, 2014 and earned $114,000 in consulting fees in 2014. The 2014 Consulting Agreement will be filed as an exhibit
to the Company's Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2014. In accordance with the related-person transaction approval policy described above, the Consulting Agreements were
reviewed by the legal department of the Company and submitted for review to the Audit Committee, which ratified the transactions. In connection with entry into the 2013 Consulting Agreement,
Dr. Hu resigned from the Compensation Committee, effective October 4, 2013. The
Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), authorizes the Company to provide indemnification of the Company's
Directors and officers, and the Company's Bylaws require the Company to indemnify its Directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
"DGCL"). In addition, each of the Company's current Directors and executive officers has entered into a separate indemnification agreement with the Company. Finally, the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws limit the liability of Directors to the Company or its stockholders to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The
Company intends that all future transactions between the Company and its officers, Directors, principal stockholders and their affiliates be approved by the Audit Committee, and be
on terms no less favorable to the Company than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties. 63 Table of Contents OTHER BUSINESS The Board knows of no other business that will be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If other matters are properly
brought before the Annual Meeting; however, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote the shares represented thereby on such matters in accordance with their best
judgment. By
Order of The Board of Directors, Michael E. Marks Chairman of the Board of Directors April 28,
2014 64 Table of Contents ANNEX A Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation Operating Income and Margin Fiscal years ended December 29, 2013 December 30, 2012 January 1, 2012 January 2, 2011 January 3, 2010 (In millions) GAAP Operating Income $ 1,562 $ 696 $ 1,530 $ 1,462 $ 519 Share-based compensation 100 78 63 78 96 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 61 52 44 14 14 Impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets 83 1 — — — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Non-GAAP Operating Income $ 1,806 $ 827 $ 1,637 $ 1,553 $ 629 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fiscal years ended December 29, 2013 December 30, 2012 January 1, 2012 January 2, 2011 January 3, 2010 GAAP Operating Margin 25% 14% 27% 30% 15% Share-based compensation 2% 2% 1% 2% 3% Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 1% 1% 1% —% —% Impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets 1% —% —% —% —% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Non-GAAP Operating Margin 29% 16% 29% 32% 18% ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ We
believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors the ability to better assess and understand operating performance, especially when comparing results with previous periods or
forecasting performance for future periods, primarily because management typically monitors the business excluding these items. We also use these non-GAAP measures to establish operational goals and
for measuring performance for compensation purposes. However, analysis of results on a non-GAAP basis should be used as a complement to, and in conjunction with, and not as a replacement for, data
presented in accordance with GAAP. We
believe that the presentation of non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted net income per share, provides important supplemental information to management
and investors about financial and business trends relating to our operating results. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures also provides consistency and comparability with our
past financial reports. We
have historically used these non-GAAP measures when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of the items described below provides an
additional measure of our core operating results and facilitates comparisons of our core operating performance against prior periods and our business model objectives. We have chosen to provide this
information to investors to enable them to perform additional analyses of past, present and future operating performance and as a supplemental means to evaluate our ongoing core operations.
Externally, we believe that these non-GAAP measures continue to be useful to investors in their assessment of our operating performance and their valuation of our company. A-1 Table of Contents Internally,
these non-GAAP measures are significant measures used by us for purposes of: • evaluating our core operating performance; • establishing internal budgets; • setting and determining variable compensation levels; • calculating return on investment for development programs and growth initiatives; • comparing performance with internal forecasts and targeted business models; • strategic planning; and • benchmarking performance externally against our competitors. We
exclude the following items from our non-GAAP measures: • Share-based Compensation Expense. These expenses consist
primarily of expenses for share-based compensation, such as stock options, RSUs and our employee stock purchase plan. Although share-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of
our employees, we exclude share-based compensation expenses from our non-GAAP measures primarily because they are non-cash expenses. Further, share-based compensation expenses are based on valuations
with many underlying assumptions not in our control that vary over time and may include modifications that may not occur on a predictable cycle, neither of which is necessarily indicative of our
ongoing business performance. In addition, the share-based compensation expenses recorded are often unrelated to the actual compensation an employee realizes. We believe that it is useful to exclude
share-based compensation expense for investors to better understand the long-term performance of our core operations and to facilitate comparison of our results to our prior periods and to our peer
companies. • Amortization and Impairment of Acquisition-related Intangible
Assets. We incur amortization, and, occasionally, impair intangible assets in connection with acquisitions. Since we do not acquire
businesses on a predictable cycle, we exclude these items in order to provide investors and others with a consistent basis for comparison across accounting periods. From
time-to-time in the future, there may be other items that we may exclude if we believe that doing so is consistent with the goal of providing useful information to investors and
management. Limitations of Relying on Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We have incurred and will incur in the future, many of the costs that we
exclude from the
non-GAAP measures, including share-based compensation expense, impairment of goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets, amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs, non-cash economic interest expense associated with our convertible debt and income tax adjustments. These measures should be
considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP, but should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results. These non-GAAP measures may be different than the
non-GAAP measures used by other companies. A-2 Table of Contents ANNEX B PROPOSED AMENDED 2005 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN AND 2005 INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN SANDISK CORPORATION AMENDED AND RESTATED 2005 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN I.    PURPOSE OF THE PLAN This 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is intended to promote the interests of SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation, by
providing eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Corporation through participation in a payroll deduction-based employee stock purchase plan designed to
qualify under Section 423 of the Code. The Amended and Restated 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan reflects amendments adopted in 2011 and 2014. Capitalized
terms herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the attached Appendix. II.    ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN The Plan Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe any provision of the Plan and to adopt such rules and
regulations for administering the Plan as it may deem necessary in order to comply with the requirements of Code Section 423. Decisions of the Plan Administrator shall be final and binding on
all parties having an interest in the Plan. III.    STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN A.    The
stock purchasable under the Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares of Common Stock purchased on the open market.
The number of shares of Common Stock initially reserved for issuance over the term of the Plan and the International Plan shall be limited to 10,000,000 shares in the aggregate. Accordingly, shares of
Common Stock issued under the International Plan shall reduce, on a one-for-one basis, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under this Plan, and shares of Common Stock issued
under this Plan shall reduce, on a one-for-one basis, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the International Plan B.    Should
any change be made to the Common Stock by reason of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, exchange of shares, spinoff or other
change affecting the outstanding Common Stock as a class without the Corporation's receipt of consideration, appropriate adjustments shall be made to (i) the maximum number and class of
securities issuable in the aggregate under the Plan and the International Plan, (ii) the maximum number and class of securities purchasable per Participant on any one Purchase Date and
(iii) the number and class of securities and the price per share in effect under each outstanding purchase right in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of benefits thereunder. B-1 Table of Contents IV.    OFFERING PERIODS A.    Shares
of Common Stock shall be offered for purchase under the Plan through a series of successive offering periods until such time as (i) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan shall have been purchased or (ii) the Plan shall have been sooner terminated. B.    Each
offering period shall be of such duration (not to exceed six (6) months) as determined by the Plan Administrator prior to the start date of that offering
period. The initial offering under the Plan shall commence on February 15, 2012, unless the Plan Administrator selects a later commencement date. C.    Unless
the Plan Administrator determines otherwise, each offering period shall consist of a single six (6)-month Purchase Interval. Offering periods shall commence at
semi-annual intervals on the fifteenth
day or following business day of February and August each year over the term of the Plan. Purchase Intervals under the Plan shall run from the fifteenth day or following business day in February to
the fourteenth day or previous business day in August each year and from the fifteenth day or following business day of August each year to the fourteenth day or previous business day of February in
the following year. The first Purchase Interval in effect under the Plan shall begin on February 15, 2012 and end on August 14, 2012, unless the Plan Administrator designates different
start and end dates for such Purchase Interval. V.    ELIGIBILITY A.    Each
individual who is an Eligible Employee on the start date of any offering period under the Plan may enter that offering period on such start date. However, an
Eligible Employee may participate in only one offering period at a time. B.    An
Eligible Employee must, in order to participate in the Plan for a particular offering period, complete the enrollment forms prescribed by the Plan Administrator
(including a stock purchase agreement and a payroll deduction authorization) and file such forms with the Plan Administrator (or its designate) on or before the start date of that offering period. The
enrollment forms filed by a Participant for a particular offering period shall continue in effect for each subsequent offering period unless the Participant files new enrollment forms on or before the
start date of any subsequent offering period or withdraws from the Plan. C.    The
date an individual enters an offering period shall be designated as his or her Entry Date for purposes of that offering period. VI.    PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS A.    The
payroll deduction authorized by the Participant for purposes of acquiring shares of Common Stock during an offering period may be any multiple of one percent (1%) of
the Cash Earnings paid to the Participant during each Purchase Interval within that offering period, up to a maximum of fifteen percent (15%) of such Cash Earnings or such lower percentage as the Plan
Administrator may establish for that offering period. The deduction rate so authorized shall continue in effect throughout the
offering period and shall continue from offering period to offering period, except to the extent such rate is changed in accordance with the following guidelines: (i)  The
Participant may, at any time during the offering period, reduce his or her rate of payroll deduction to become effective as soon as possible after filing the
appropriate form with B-2 Table of Contents the
Plan Administrator. The Participant may not, however, effect more than one (1) such reduction per Purchase Interval. (ii)  The
Participant may, prior to the commencement of any new Purchase Interval under the Plan, increase or decrease the rate of his or her payroll deduction by filing the
appropriate form with the Plan Administrator. The new rate (which may not exceed the maximum percentage established by the Plan Administrator for that offering period) shall become effective on the
start date of the first Purchase Interval following the filing of such form. B.    Payroll
deductions shall begin on the first pay day administratively feasible following the start date of the offering period and shall (unless sooner terminated by the
Participant) continue through the pay day ending with or immediately prior to the last day of that offering period. The amounts so collected shall be credited to the Participant's book account under
the Plan, but no interest shall be paid on the balance from time to time outstanding in such account. The amounts collected from the Participant shall not be required to be held in any segregated
account or trust fund and may be commingled with the general assets of the Corporation and used for general corporate purposes. C.    Payroll
deductions shall automatically cease upon the termination of the Participant's purchase right in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. D.    The
Participant's acquisition of Common Stock under the Plan on any Purchase Date shall neither limit nor require the Participant's acquisition of Common Stock on any
subsequent Purchase Date, whether within the same or a different offering period. VII.    PURCHASE RIGHTS A. Grant of Purchase Rights . A Participant shall be granted
a separate purchase right for each offering period in which he or she is enrolled. The purchase right shall be granted on the start date of the offering period and shall provide the Participant with
the right to purchase shares of Common Stock, in one or more installments during that offering period, upon the terms set forth below. The Participant shall execute a stock purchase agreement
embodying such terms and such other provisions (not inconsistent with the Plan) as the Plan Administrator may deem advisable. Under
no circumstances shall purchase rights be granted under the Plan to any Eligible Employee if such individual would, immediately after the grant, own (within the meaning of Code
Section 424(d)) or hold outstanding options or other rights to purchase, stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the
Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate. B. Exercise of the Purchase Right . Each purchase right
shall be automatically exercised on each successive Purchase Date within the offering period, and shares of Common Stock shall accordingly be purchased on behalf of each Participant on each such
Purchase Date. The purchase shall be effected by applying the Participant's payroll deductions for the Purchase Interval ending on such Purchase Date to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at
the purchase price in effect for the Participant for that Purchase Date. C. Purchase Price . The purchase price per share at which
Common Stock will be purchased on the Participant's behalf on each Purchase Date within the particular offering period in which he or she is enrolled shall be determined by the Plan Administrator at
the start of each offering period and shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value per share of B-3 Table of Contents Common
Stock on the Participant's Entry Date into that offering period or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on that Purchase Date. D. Number of Purchasable Shares . The number of shares of
Common Stock purchasable by a Participant on each Purchase Date during the particular offering period in which he or she is enrolled shall be the number of whole shares obtained by dividing the amount
collected from the Participant through payroll deductions during the Purchase Interval ending with that Purchase Date by the purchase price in effect for the Participant for that Purchase Date.
However, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock purchasable per Participant on any one Purchase Date shall not exceed 1,500 shares, subject to periodic adjustments in the event of certain
changes in the Corporation's capitalization. However, the Plan Administrator shall have the discretionary authority, exercisable prior to the start of any offering period under the Plan, to increase
or decrease the limitation to be in effect for the number of shares purchasable per Participant on each Purchase Date which occurs during that offering period. E. Excess Payroll Deductions . Any payroll deductions not
applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock on any Purchase Date because they are not sufficient to purchase a whole share of Common Stock shall be held for the purchase of Common Stock on the
next Purchase Date. However, any payroll deductions not applied to the purchase of Common Stock by reason of the limitation on the maximum number of shares purchasable per Participant on the Purchase
Date shall be refunded as soon as administratively practicable. F. Suspension of Payroll Deductions . If a Participant is,
by reason of the accrual limitations in Article VIII, precluded from purchasing additional shares of Common Stock on one or more Purchase Dates during the offering period in which he or she is
enrolled, then no further payroll deductions shall be collected from such Participant with respect to those Purchase Dates. The suspension of such deductions shall not terminate the Participant's
purchase right for the offering period in which he or she is enrolled, and payroll deductions shall automatically resume on behalf of such Participant once he or she is again able to purchase shares
during that offering period in compliance with the accrual limitations of Article VIII. G. Withdrawal from Offering Period . The following
provisions shall govern the Participant's withdrawal from an offering period: (i)  A
Participant may withdraw from the offering period in which he or she is enrolled at any time prior to the next scheduled Purchase Date by filing the appropriate form
with the Plan Administrator (or its designate), and no further payroll deductions shall be collected from the Participant with respect to that offering period. Any payroll deductions collected during
the Purchase Interval in which such withdrawal occurs shall, at the Participant's election, be refunded as soon as administratively practicable or held for the purchase of shares on the next Purchase
Date. If no such election is made at the time of such withdrawal, then the payroll deductions collected from the Participant during the Purchase Interval in which such withdrawal occurs shall be
refunded as soon as administratively practicable. (ii)  The
Participant's withdrawal from a particular offering period shall be irrevocable, and the Participant may not subsequently rejoin that offering period at a later
date. In order to resume
participation in any subsequent offering period, such individual must re-enroll in the Plan (by making a timely filing of the prescribed enrollment forms) on or before the start date of that offering
period. B-4 Table of Contents H. Termination of Purchase Right . The following provisions
shall govern the termination of outstanding purchase rights: (i)    Should
the Participant cease to remain an Eligible Employee for any reason (including death, disability or change in status) while his or her purchase right remains
outstanding, then that purchase right shall immediately terminate, and all of the Participant's payroll deductions for the Purchase Interval in which the purchase right so terminates shall be
immediately refunded. (ii)  However,
should the Participant cease to remain in active service by reason of an approved leave of absence, then the Participant shall have the right, exercisable at
any time prior to the last business day of the Purchase Interval in which such leave commences, to (a) withdraw all the payroll deductions collected to date on his or her behalf for that
Purchase Interval or (b) have such funds held for the purchase of shares on his or her behalf on the next scheduled Purchase Date. In no event, however, shall any further payroll deductions be
collected on the Participant's behalf during an unpaid leave of absence. Upon the Participant's return to active service (x) within three (3) months following the commencement of such
leave or (y) prior to the expiration of any longer period for which such Participant is provided with rights to reemployment with the Corporation by statute or contract, his or her payroll
deductions under the Plan shall automatically resume at the rate in effect at the time the leave began (whether or not a new offering period may have commenced), unless the Participant withdraws from
the Plan prior to his or her return. An individual who returns to active employment following a leave of absence that exceeds in duration the applicable (x) or (y) time period will be
treated as a new employee for purposes of subsequent participation in the Plan and must accordingly re-enroll in the Plan (by making a timely filing of the prescribed enrollment forms) on or before
the start date of any subsequent offering period in which he or she wishes to participate. I. Change in Control . Each outstanding purchase right shall
automatically be exercised, immediately prior to the effective date of any Change in Control, by applying the payroll deductions of each Participant for the Purchase Interval in which such Change in
Control occurs to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at a purchase price per share not less than eighty five percent (85%), of the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock on the Participant's Entry Date into the offering period in which the Participant is enrolled at the time such Change in Control occurs or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control. The actual percentage purchase price shall be equal to the percentage purchase price in effect under
Article VII.(C) for the offering period in which the Participant is enrolled at the time of such Change in Control. However, the applicable limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock
purchasable per Participant shall continue to apply to any such purchase. The
Corporation shall use its best efforts to provide at least ten (10) days prior written notice of the occurrence of any Change in Control, and Participants shall, following the
receipt of such notice, have the right to terminate their outstanding purchase rights prior to the effective date of the Change in Control. J. Proration of Purchase Rights . Should the total number of
shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to outstanding purchase rights on any particular date exceed the number of shares then available for issuance in the aggregate under the Plan and the
International Plan, the Plan Administrator shall make a pro-rata allocation of the available shares on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis among the Participants in the Plan and those participating
in the International Plan, and the payroll deductions of each affected individual, to the extent in excess of B-5 Table of Contents the
aggregate purchase price payable for the Common Stock pro-rated to that individual, shall be refunded. K. ESPP Broker Account . The shares purchased on behalf of
each Participant shall be deposited directly into a brokerage account which the Corporation shall establish for the Participant at a Corporation-designated brokerage firm. The account will be known as
the ESPP Broker Account. Except as otherwise provided below, the deposited shares may not be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) from the ESPP Broker Account until the end of
the two (2)-year period measured from the Participant's Entry Date into the offering period in which the shares were purchased. Such
limitation shall apply both to transfers to different accounts with the same ESPP broker and to transfers to other brokerage firms. Any shares held for the required holding period
may be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) to other accounts or to other brokerage firms. The foregoing procedures shall not in any way limit when the Participant may sell his or her shares. Those procedures are
designed solely to assure that any sale of shares prior to the satisfaction of the required holding period is made through the ESPP Broker Account. In addition, the Participant may request a stock
certificate or share transfer from his or her ESPP Broker Account prior to the satisfaction of the required holding period should the Participant wish to make a gift of any shares held in that
account.
However, shares may not be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) from the ESPP Broker Account for use as collateral for a loan, unless those shares have been held for the required
holding period. The
foregoing procedures shall apply to all shares purchased by the Participant under the Plan, whether or not the Participant continues in Employee status. L. Assignability . The purchase right shall be exercisable
only by the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant. M. Stockholder Rights . A Participant shall have no
stockholder rights with respect to the shares subject to his or her outstanding purchase right until the shares are purchased on the Participant's behalf in accordance with the provisions of the Plan
and the Participant has become a holder of record of the purchased shares. VIII.    ACCRUAL LIMITATIONS A.    No
Participant shall be entitled to accrue rights to acquire Common Stock pursuant to any purchase right outstanding under this Plan if and to the extent such accrual,
when aggregated with (i) rights to purchase Common Stock accrued under any other purchase right granted under this Plan and (ii) similar rights accrued under other employee stock
purchase plans (within the meaning of Code Section 423)) of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate, would otherwise permit such Participant to purchase more than Twenty-Five Thousand
Dollars ($25,000.00) worth of stock of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate (determined on the basis of the Fair Market Value per share on the date or dates such rights are granted) for each
calendar year such rights are at any time outstanding. B-6 Table of Contents B.    For
purposes of applying such accrual limitations to the purchase rights granted under the Plan, the following provisions shall be in effect: (i)  The
right to acquire Common Stock under each outstanding purchase right shall accrue in a series of installments on each successive Purchase Date during the offering
period in which such right remains outstanding. (ii)  No
right to acquire Common Stock under any outstanding purchase right shall accrue to the extent the Participant has already accrued in the same calendar year the right
to acquire Common Stock under one or more other purchase rights at a rate equal to Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) worth of Common Stock (determined on the basis of the Fair Market Value per
share on the date or dates of grant) for each calendar year such rights were at any time outstanding. C.    If
by reason of such accrual limitations, any purchase right of a Participant does not accrue for a particular Purchase Interval, then the payroll deductions that the
Participant made during that Purchase Interval with respect to such purchase right shall be refunded as soon as administratively practicable. D.    In
the event there is any conflict between the provisions of this Article and one or more provisions of the Plan or any instrument issued thereunder, the provisions of
this Article shall be controlling. IX.    EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF THE PLAN A.    The
Plan was adopted by the Board on March 24, 2005 but shall not become effective unless and until (i) the Plan shall have been approved by the
stockholders of the Corporation at the 2005 Annual Meeting and (ii) the Corporation shall have complied with all applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including the registration of the
shares of Common Stock issuable under the Plan on a Form S-8 registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), all applicable listing requirements of any stock exchange
(or the Nasdaq National Market, if applicable) on which the Common Stock is listed for trading and all other applicable requirements established by law or regulation. B.    Unless
sooner terminated by the Board, the Plan shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the last business day in July 2019, (ii) the date on which all
shares available for issuance under the Plan shall have been sold pursuant to purchase rights exercised under the Plan or (iii) the date on which all purchase rights are exercised in connection
with a Change in Control. No further purchase rights shall be granted or exercised, and no further payroll deductions shall be collected, under the Plan following such termination. X.    AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN A.    The
Board may alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time to become effective immediately following the close of any Purchase Interval. In no event may the
Board effect any of the following amendments or revisions to the Plan without the approval of the Corporation's stockholders: (i) increase the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in the
aggregate under the Plan and the International Plan, except for permissible adjustments in the event of certain changes in the Corporation's capitalization, (ii) alter the purchase price
formula so as to reduce the purchase price payable for the shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Plan or (iii) modify the eligibility requirements for participation in the Plan. B-7 Table of Contents XI.    GENERAL PROVISIONS A.    All
costs and expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Corporation; however, each Plan Participant shall bear all costs and expenses
incurred by such individual in the sale or other disposition of any shares purchased under the Plan. B.    Nothing
in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate for any period of specific
duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Corporation (or any Corporate Affiliate employing such person) or of the Participant, which rights are hereby expressly
reserved by each, to terminate such person's employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause. C.    The
provisions of the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that State's conflict-of-laws rules. B-8 Table of Contents Schedule A Corporations Participating in Employee Stock Purchase Plan SanDisk
Corporation. B-9 Table of Contents APPENDIX The
following definitions shall be in effect under the Plan: A. Board shall mean the Corporation's Board of Directors. B. Cash Earnings shall mean (i) the regular base salary paid to a Participant by one or
more Participating Companies during such individual's period of participation in one or more offering periods under the Plan plus all bonuses, commissions, overtime payments, profit-sharing
distributions or other incentive-type payments paid in cash to the Participant during such period of participation. Such Cash Earnings shall be calculated before deduction of (A) any income or
employment tax withholdings or (B) any contributions made by the Participant to any Code Section 401(k) salary deferral plan or any Code Section 125 cafeteria benefit program now
or hereafter established by the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate. However, Cash Earnings shall not include any contributions made by the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate on the
Participant's behalf to any employee benefit or welfare plan now or hereafter established (other than Code Section 401(k) or Code Section 125 contributions deducted from his or her Cash
Earnings). C. Change in Control shall mean a change in ownership of the Corporation pursuant to any of the
following transactions: (i)  a
merger, consolidation or other reorganization approved by the Corporation's stockholders, unless securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
combined voting power of the voting securities of the successor corporation are immediately thereafter beneficially owned, directly or indirectly and in substantially the same proportion, by the
persons who beneficially owned the Corporation's outstanding voting securities immediately prior to such transaction, or (ii)  a
stockholder-approved sale, transfer or other disposition (including in whole or in part through one or more licensing arrangements) of all or substantially all of the
Corporation's assets, or (iii)  the
acquisition, directly or indirectly by any person or related group of persons (other than the Corporation or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Corporation), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total combined voting power of the Corporation's outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Corporation's stockholders. D. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. E. Common Stock shall mean the Corporation's common stock. F. Corporate Affiliate shall mean any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Corporation (as
determined in accordance with Code Section 424), whether now existing or subsequently established. G. Corporation shall mean SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any corporate
successor to all or substantially all of the assets or voting stock of SanDisk Corporation that shall by appropriate action adopt the Plan. H. Eligible Employee shall mean any person who is employed by a Participating Corporation on a
basis under which he or she is regularly expected to render more than twenty (20) hours of service per B-10 Table of Contents week
for more than five (5) months per calendar year for earnings considered wages under Code Section 3401 (a). I. Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on any relevant date shall be determined in
accordance with the following provisions: (i)  If
the Common Stock is at the time traded on the NASDAQ National Market, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price per share of Common Stock at the
close of regular hours trading ( i.e. , before after- hours trading begins) on the NASDAQ National Market on the date in question, as such price is
reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers. If there is no closing selling price for the Common Stock on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling
price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. (ii)  If
the Common Stock is at the time listed on any Stock Exchange, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price per share of Common Stock at the close of
regular hours trading ( i.e. , before after-hours trading begins) on the date in question on the Stock Exchange determined by the Plan Administrator to be
the primary market for the Common Stock, as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of transactions on such exchange. If there is no closing selling price for the Common Stock on the
date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. J. International Plan shall mean the Corporation's 2005 International Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. K. 1933 Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. L. 1934 Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. M. Participant shall mean any Eligible Employee of a Participating Corporation who is actively
participating in the Plan. N. Participating Corporation shall mean the Corporation and such Corporate Affiliates as may be
authorized from time to time by the Board to extend the benefits of the Plan to their Eligible Employees. The Participating Corporations in the Plan are listed in attached Schedule A. O. Plan shall mean the Corporation's Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as set forth in this
document. P. Plan Administrator shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. Q. Purchase Date shall mean the last business day of each Purchase Interval. R. Purchase Interval shall mean each six (6)-month period coincident with a particular offering
period at the end of which there shall be purchased shares of Common Stock on behalf of each Participant. S. Stock Exchange shall mean either the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange. B-11 Table of Contents SANDISK CORPORATION AMENDED AND RESTATED 2005 INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN I.    PURPOSE OF THE PLAN This 2005 International Employee Stock Purchase Plan is intended to promote the interests of SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, by providing eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Corporation through participation in a payroll deduction-based employee stock purchase plan.
The Amended and Restated 2005 International Employee Stock Purchase Plan reflects amendments adopted in 2011 and 2014. Capitalized
terms herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the attached Appendix. II.    ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN The Plan Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe any provision of the Plan and to adopt such rules and
regulations for administering the Plan as it may deem necessary in order to comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. Decisions of the Plan Administrator shall be final and
binding on all parties having an interest in the Plan. III.    STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN A.    The
stock purchasable under the Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares of Common Stock purchased on the open market.
The number of shares of Common Stock initially reserved for issuance over the term of the Plan and the U.S. Plan shall be limited to 10,000,000 shares in the aggregate. Accordingly, shares of Common
Stock issued under the U.S. Plan shall reduce, on a one-for-one basis, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under this Plan, and shares of Common Stock issued under this Plan
shall reduce, on a one-for-one basis, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the U.S. Plan B.    Should
any change be made to the Common Stock by reason of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, exchange of shares, spinoff or other
change affecting the outstanding Common Stock as a class without the Corporation's receipt of consideration, appropriate
adjustments shall be made to (i) the maximum number and class of securities in the aggregate issuable under the Plan and the U.S. Plan, (ii) the maximum number and class of securities
purchasable per Participant on any one Purchase Date and (iii) the number and class of securities and the price per share in effect under each outstanding purchase right in order to prevent the
dilution or enlargement of benefits thereunder. IV.    OFFERING PERIODS A.    Shares
of Common Stock shall be offered for purchase under the Plan through a series of successive offering periods until such time as (i) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan shall have been purchased or (ii) the Plan shall have been sooner terminated. B.    Each
offering period shall be of such duration (not to exceed six (6) months) as determined by the Plan Administrator prior to the start date of that offering
period. The initial offering under the B-12 Table of Contents Plan
shall commence on February 15, 2012, unless the Plan Administrator selects a later commencement date. C.    Unless
the Plan Administrator determines otherwise, each offering period shall consist of a single six (6)-month Purchase Interval. Offering periods shall commence at
semi-annual intervals on the fifteenth day or following business day of February and August each year over the term of the Plan. Purchase Intervals under the Plan shall run from the fifteenth day or
following business day in February to the fourteenth day or previous business day in August each year and from the fifteenth day or following business day of August each year to the fourteenth day or
previous business day of February in the following year. The first Purchase Interval in effect under the Plan shall begin on February 15, 2012 and end on August 14, 2012, unless the Plan
Administrator designates different start and end dates for such Purchase Interval. V.    ELIGIBILITY A.    Each
individual who is an Eligible Employee on the start date of any offering period under the Plan may enter that offering period on such start date. However, an
Eligible Employee may participate in only one offering period at a time. B.    An
Eligible Employee must, in order to participate in the Plan for a particular offering period, complete the enrollment forms prescribed by the Plan Administrator
(including a stock purchase agreement and a payroll deduction authorization) and file such forms with the Plan Administrator (or its designate) on or before the start date of that offering period. The
enrollment forms filed by a Participant for a particular offering period shall continue in effect for each subsequent offering period unless the Participant files new enrollment forms on or before the
start date of any subsequent offering period or withdraws from the Plan. C.    The
date an individual enters an offering period shall be designated as his or her Entry Date for purposes of that offering period. VI.    PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS A.    The
payroll deduction authorized by the Participant for purposes of acquiring shares of Common Stock during an offering period may be any multiple of one percent (1%) of
the Cash Earnings paid to the Participant during each Purchase Interval within that offering period, up to a maximum of ten percent (10%) of such Cash Earnings or such lower percentage as the Plan
Administrator may establish for that offering period. B.    The
deduction rate so authorized shall continue in effect throughout the offering period and shall continue from offering period to offering period, except to the extent
such rate is changed in accordance with the following guidelines: (i)  The
Participant may, at any time during the offering period, reduce his or her rate of payroll deduction to become effective as soon as possible after filing the
appropriate form with the Plan Administrator. The Participant may not, however, effect more than one (1) such reduction per Purchase Interval. (ii)  The
Participant may, prior to the commencement of any new Purchase Interval under the Plan, increase or decrease the rate of his or her payroll deduction by filing the
appropriate form with the Plan Administrator. The new rate (which may not exceed the maximum percentage B-13 Table of Contents established
by the Plan Administrator for that offering period) shall become effective on the start date of the first Purchase Interval following the filing of such form. C.    Payroll
deductions shall begin on the first pay day administratively feasible following the start date of the offering period and shall (unless sooner terminated by the
Participant) continue through the pay day ending with or immediately prior to the last day of that offering period. The amounts so collected shall be credited to the Participant's book account under
the Plan initially in the currency in which the Participant is paid. No interest shall be paid on the balance from time to time outstanding in such account except to the extent required by the laws of
any applicable jurisdiction with respect to a Participant in such jurisdiction. The amounts collected from the Participant shall not be required to be held in any segregated account or trust fund and
may be commingled with the general assets of the Corporation and used for general corporate purposes except to the extent such commingling is prohibited by the laws of any applicable jurisdiction. D.    The
payroll deductions credited to each Participant's book account during each Purchase Interval shall be converted into U.S. Dollars on the Purchase Date for that
Purchase Interval on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on such date. The Plan Administrator shall have the absolute discretion to determine the applicable exchange rate to be in effect for each
Purchase Date by any reasonable method (including, without limitation, the exchange rate actually used by the Corporation for its intra-company financial transactions for the month of such transfer).
Any changes or fluctuations in the exchange rate at which the payroll deductions collected on the Participant's behalf are converted into U.S. Dollars on each Purchase Date shall be borne solely by
the Participant. E.    Payroll
deductions shall automatically cease upon the termination of the Participant's purchase right in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. F.     Payroll
deductions shall be the sole means of payment of the purchase price of the shares of Common stock to be acquired under the Plan, except in jurisdictions where
payroll deductions are not permitted, in which case the Plan Administrator may authorize alternate payment methods. G.    The
Participant's acquisition of Common Stock under the Plan on any Purchase Date shall neither limit nor require the Participant's acquisition of Common Stock on any
subsequent Purchase Date, whether within the same or a different offering period. VII.    PURCHASE RIGHTS A. Grant of Purchase Rights . A Participant shall be granted
a separate purchase right for each offering period in which he or she is enrolled. The purchase right shall be granted on the start date of the offering period and shall provide the Participant with
the right to purchase shares of Common Stock, in one or more installments during that offering period, upon the terms set forth below. The Participant shall execute a stock purchase agreement
embodying such terms and such other provisions (not inconsistent with the Plan) as the Plan Administrator may deem advisable. Under
no circumstances shall purchase rights be granted under the Plan to any Eligible Employee if such individual would, immediately after the grant, own (within the meaning of Code
Section 424(d)) or hold outstanding options or other rights to purchase, stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the
Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate. B. Exercise of the Purchase Right . Each purchase right
shall be automatically exercised on each successive Purchase Date within the offering period, and shares of Common Stock shall accordingly B-14 Table of Contents be
purchased on behalf of each Participant on each such Purchase Date. The purchase shall be effected by applying the Participant's payroll deductions for the Purchase Interval ending on such Purchase
Date to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at the purchase price in effect for the Participant for that Purchase Date. C. Purchase Price . The purchase price per share at which
Common Stock will be purchased on the Participant's behalf on each Purchase Date within the particular offering period in which he or she is enrolled shall be determined by the Plan Administrator at
the start of each offering period and shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock on the Participant's Entry Date into that offering period or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on that Purchase Date. D. Number of Purchasable Shares . The number of shares of
Common Stock purchasable by a Participant on each Purchase Date during the particular offering period in which he or she is enrolled shall be the number of whole shares obtained by dividing the amount
collected from the Participant through payroll deductions (as converted into U.S. Dollars) during the Purchase Interval ending with that Purchase Date by the purchase price in effect for the
Participant for that Purchase Date. However, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock purchasable per Participant on any one Purchase Date shall not exceed 1,500 shares, subject to periodic
adjustments in the event of certain changes in the Corporation's capitalization. However, the Plan Administrator shall have the discretionary authority, exercisable prior to the start of any offering
period under the Plan, to increase or decrease the limitation to be in effect for the number of shares purchasable per Participant on each Purchase Date which occurs during that offering period. E. Excess Payroll Deductions . Any payroll deductions not
applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock on any Purchase Date because they are not sufficient to purchase a whole share of Common Stock shall be held for the purchase of Common Stock on the
next Purchase Date. However, any payroll deductions not applied to the purchase of Common Stock by reason of the limitation on the maximum number of shares purchasable per Participant on the Purchase
Date shall be refunded (in the currency in which the Participant is paid) as soon as administratively practicable. F. Suspension of Payroll Deductions . If a Participant is,
by reason of the accrual limitations in Article VIII, precluded from purchasing additional shares of Common Stock on one or more Purchase Dates during the offering period in which he or she is
enrolled, then no further payroll deductions shall be collected from such Participant with respect to those Purchase Dates. The suspension of such deductions shall not terminate the Participant's
purchase right for the offering period in which he or she is enrolled, and payroll deductions shall automatically resume on behalf of such Participant once he
or she is again able to purchase shares during that offering period in compliance with the accrual limitations of Article VIII. G. Withdrawal from Offering Period . The following
provisions shall govern the Participant's withdrawal from an offering period: (i)  A
Participant may withdraw from the offering period in which he or she is enrolled at any time prior to the next scheduled Purchase Date by filing the appropriate form
with the Plan Administrator (or its designate), and no further payroll deductions shall be collected from the Participant with respect to that offering period. Any payroll deductions collected during
the Purchase Interval in which such withdrawal occurs shall, at the Participant's election, be refunded (in the currency in which the Participant is paid) as soon as administratively practicable or
held for the purchase of shares on the next Purchase Date. If no such election is made at the time of such withdrawal, then the payroll deductions collected from the Participant during the Purchase B-15 Table of Contents Interval
in which such withdrawal occurs shall be refunded as soon as administratively practicable. (ii)  The
Participant's withdrawal from a particular offering period shall be irrevocable, and the Participant may not subsequently rejoin that offering period at a later
date. In order to resume participation in any subsequent offering period, such individual must re-enroll in the Plan (by making a timely filing of the prescribed enrollment forms) on or before the
start date of that offering period. H. Termination of Purchase Right . The following provisions
shall govern the termination of outstanding purchase rights: Should
the Participant cease to remain an Eligible Employee for any reason (including death, disability or change in status) while his or her purchase right remains outstanding, then
that purchase right shall immediately terminate, and all of the Participant's payroll deductions for the Purchase Interval in which the purchase right so terminates shall be refunded (in the currency
in which the Participant is paid) as soon as administratively practicable. The Plan Administrator shall determine whether and when a Participant shall be deemed to have ceased Eligible Employee
status. (i)  However,
should the Participant cease to remain in active service by reason of an approved leave of absence, then the Participant shall have the right, exercisable at
any time prior to the last business day of the Purchase Interval in which such leave commences, to (a) withdraw all the payroll deductions collected to date on his or her behalf for that
Purchase Interval or (b) have such funds held for the purchase of shares on his or her behalf on the next scheduled Purchase Date. In no event, however, shall any further payroll deductions be
collected on the Participant's behalf during an unpaid leave of absence. Upon the Participant's return to active service (x) within three (3) months following the commencement of such
leave or (y) prior to the expiration of any longer period for which such Participant is provided with rights to reemployment with the Corporation by statute or contract, his or her payroll
deductions under the Plan shall automatically resume at the rate in effect at the time the leave began (whether or not a new offering period may have commenced), unless the Participant withdraws from
the Plan prior to his or her return. An individual who returns to active employment following a leave of absence that exceeds in duration the applicable (x) or (y) time period will be
treated as a new employee for purposes of subsequent participation in the Plan and must accordingly re-enroll in the Plan (by making a timely filing of the prescribed enrollment forms) on or before
the start date of any subsequent offering period in which he or she wishes to participate. I. Transfer of Employment . In the event that a Participant
is transferred and becomes an employee of the Corporation (or any Corporate Affiliate which is a participating corporation under the U.S. Plan) during an offering period under the Plan, such
individual shall continue to remain a Participant in the Plan, and payroll deductions shall continue to be collected until the next purchase date as if the Participant had remained an Eligible
Employee. In
the event that an individual who is a participant in the U.S. Plan is transferred and becomes an Eligible Employee under the Plan during an offering period in effect under the U.S.
Plan, such individual shall automatically become a Participant under the Plan for the duration of the offering period in effect at that time under the Plan and the balance in such individual's book
account maintained under the U.S. Plan shall be transferred as a balance to a book account opened for such individual under the Plan. Such balance, together with all other payroll deductions collected
from such individual by the Participating Corporation for the remainder of the offering period under the Plan (as B-16 Table of Contents converted
into U.S. Dollars), shall be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock under the Plan. J. Change in Control . Each outstanding purchase right shall
automatically be exercised, immediately prior to the effective date of any Change in Control, by applying the payroll deductions of each Participant for the Purchase Interval in which such Change in
Control occurs to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at a purchase price per share not less than eighty five percent (85%), of the lower of
(i) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the Participant's Entry Date into the offering period in which the Participant is enrolled at the time such Change in Control occurs or
(ii) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control. The actual percentage purchase price shall be equal to the percentage
purchase price in effect under Article VII.(C) for the offering period in which the Participant is enrolled at the time of such Change in Control. However, the applicable limitation on the
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable per Participant shall continue to apply to any such purchase. The
Corporation shall use its best efforts to provide at least ten (10) days prior written notice of the occurrence of any Change in Control, and Participants shall, following the
receipt of such notice, have the right to terminate their outstanding purchase rights prior to the effective date of the Change in Control. K. Proration of Purchase Rights . Should the total number of
shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to outstanding purchase rights on any particular date exceed the number of shares then available for issuance under the Plan and the U.S. Plan, the Plan
Administrator shall make a pro-rata allocation of the available shares on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis among the Participants in the Plan and those participating in the U.S. Plan, and the
payroll deductions of each affected individual, to the extent in excess of the aggregate purchase price payable for the Common Stock pro-rated to that individual, shall be refunded (in the currency in
which the Participant is paid). L. ESPP Broker Account . The shares purchased on behalf of
each Participant shall be deposited directly into a brokerage account which the Corporation shall establish for the Participant at a Corporation-designated brokerage firm. The account will be known as
the ESPP Broker Account. Except as otherwise provided below, the deposited shares may not be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) from the ESPP Broker Account until the end of
the two (2)-year period measured from the Participant's Entry Date into the offering period in which the shares were purchased. Such
limitation shall apply both to transfers to different accounts with the same ESPP broker and to transfers to other brokerage firms. Any shares held for the required holding period
may be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) to other accounts or to other brokerage firms. The foregoing procedures shall not in any way limit when the Participant may sell his or her shares. Those procedures are
designed solely to assure that any sale of shares prior to the satisfaction of the required holding period is made through the ESPP Broker Account. In addition, the Participant may request a stock
certificate or share transfer from his or her ESPP Broker Account prior to the satisfaction of the required holding period should the Participant wish to make a gift of any shares held in that
account. However, shares may not be transferred (either electronically or in certificate form) from the ESPP
Broker Account for use as collateral for a loan, unless those shares have been held for the required holding period. The
foregoing procedures shall apply to all shares purchased by the Participant under the Plan, whether or not the Participant continues in Employee status. B-17 Table of Contents M. Assignability. The purchase right shall be exercisable
only by the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant. N. Stockholder Rights. A Participant shall have no
stockholder rights with respect to the shares subject to his or her outstanding purchase right until the shares are purchased on the Participant's behalf in accordance with the provisions of the Plan
and the Participant has become a holder of record of the purchased shares. VIII.    ACCRUAL LIMITATIONS A.    No
Participant shall be entitled to accrue rights to acquire Common Stock pursuant to any purchase right outstanding under this Plan if and to the extent such accrual,
when aggregated with (i) rights to purchase Common Stock accrued under any other purchase right granted under this Plan and (ii) similar rights accrued under other employee stock
purchase plans (within the meaning of Code Section 423)) of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate, would otherwise permit such Participant to purchase more than Twenty-Five Thousand
Dollars ($25,000.00) worth of stock of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate (determined on the basis of the Fair Market Value per share on the date or dates such rights are granted) for each
calendar year such rights are at any time outstanding. B.    For
purposes of applying such accrual limitations to the purchase rights granted under the Plan, the following provisions shall be in effect: (i)  The
right to acquire Common Stock under each outstanding purchase right shall accrue in a series of installments on each successive Purchase Date during the offering
period in which such right remains outstanding. (ii)  No
right to acquire Common Stock under any outstanding purchase right shall accrue to the extent the Participant has already accrued in the same calendar year the right
to acquire Common Stock under one or more other purchase rights at a rate equal to Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) worth of Common Stock (determined on the basis of the Fair Market Value per
share on the date or dates of grant) for each calendar year such rights were at any time outstanding. C.    If
by reason of such accrual limitations, any purchase right of a Participant does not accrue for a particular Purchase Interval, then the payroll deductions that the
Participant made during that Purchase Interval with respect to such purchase right shall be refunded as soon as administratively practicable. D.    In
the event there is any conflict between the provisions of this Article and one or more provisions of the Plan or any instrument issued thereunder, the provisions of
this Article shall be controlling. IX.    TAX OBLIGATIONS The Plan Administrator shall implement such procedures as it deems appropriate to satisfy any income tax, employment tax or other
withholding obligations arising in connection with the grant of purchase rights under the Plan, the purchase of shares hereunder and/or disposition of any acquired shares. No shares of Common Stock
shall be issued until such withholding obligations have been satisfied. B-18 Table of Contents X.    EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF THE PLAN A.    The
Plan was adopted by the Board on March 24, 2005 but shall not become effective unless and until (i) the Plan shall have been approved by the
stockholders of the Corporation at the 2005 Annual Meeting and (ii) the Corporation shall have complied with all applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including the registration of the
shares of Common Stock issuable under the Plan on a Form S-8 registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), all applicable listing requirements of any stock exchange
(or the Nasdaq National Market, if applicable) on which the Common Stock is listed for trading and all other applicable requirements established by law or regulation. B.    Unless
sooner terminated by the Board, the Plan shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the last business day in
July 2019, (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Plan shall have been sold pursuant to purchase rights exercised under the Plan or (iii) the date on which
all purchase rights are exercised in connection with a Change in Control. No further purchase rights shall be granted or exercised, and no further payroll deductions shall be collected, under the Plan
following such termination. XI.    AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN A.    The
Board may alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time to become effective immediately following the close of any Purchase Interval. In no event may the
Board effect any of the following amendments or revisions to the Plan without the approval of the Corporation's stockholders: (i) increase the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in the
aggregate under the Plan and the U.S. Plan, except for permissible adjustments in the event of certain changes in the Corporation's capitalization, (ii) alter the purchase price formula so as
to reduce the purchase price payable for the shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Plan or (iii) modify the eligibility requirements for participation in the Plan. XII.    GENERAL PROVISIONS A.    All
costs and expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Corporation; however, each Plan Participant shall bear all costs and expenses
incurred by such individual in the sale or other disposition of any shares purchased under the Plan. B.    Nothing
in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate for any period of specific
duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Corporation (or any Corporate Affiliate employing such person) or of the Participant, which rights are hereby expressly
reserved by each, to terminate such person's employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause. C.    The
provisions of the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that State's conflict-of-laws rules. B-19 Table of Contents Schedule A Corporations Participating in International Employee Stock Purchase Plan SanDisk
Scotland, Limited SanDisk International Limited SanDisk B.V. SanDisk GmbH SanDisk France SAS SanDisk UK, Limited SanDisk Sweden AB SanDisk Italy S.r.l. SanDisk Spain, S.L.U. SanDisk Brasil Participacoes Ltda. SanDisk (Branch) Dubai SanDisk, Limited (Japan) SanDisk Taiwan Limited SanDisk Hong Kong Limited SanDisk Hong Kong Limited, Australia Branch Office SanDisk Korea Limited SanDisk India Device Design Centre Private Limited SanDisk Hong Kong Limited, Singapore Representative Office SanDisk IL Ltd. SanDisk Israel (Tefen) Ltd. SanDisk Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. SanDisk Semi Shanghai Ltd SanDisk (Branch) Shenzhen SanDisk Storage Malaysia SanDisk Switz Russian RO SanDisk Trading (Shanghai) SDI Middle East FZE Smart Storage Singapore B-20 Table of Contents APPENDIX The
following definitions shall be in effect under the Plan: A. Board shall mean the Corporation's Board of Directors. B. Cash Earnings shall mean (i) the regular base salary paid to a Participant by one or
more Participating Companies during such individual's period of participation in one or more offering periods under the Plan plus all bonuses, commissions, overtime payments, profit-sharing
distributions or other incentive-type payments paid in cash to the Participant during such period of participation. Such Cash Earnings shall be calculated before deduction of (A) any income or
employment tax withholdings or (B) any contributions made by the Participant to any Code Section 401(k) salary deferral plan or any Code Section 125 cafeteria benefit program now
or hereafter established by the Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate. However, Cash Earnings shall not include any contributions made by the
Corporation or any Corporate Affiliate on the Participant's behalf to any employee benefit or welfare plan now or hereafter established (other than Code Section 401(k) or Code
Section 125 contributions deducted from his or her Cash Earnings), moving or relocation allowances, equalization payments, severance payments, fringe benefits or any payments with respect to
which salary reductions are not permitted by local law. The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to determine and approve the forms of earnings to be included in Cash Earnings for each
Participating Corporation. C. Change in Control shall mean a change in ownership of the Corporation pursuant to any of the
following transactions: (i)  a
merger, consolidation or other reorganization approved by the Corporation's stockholders, unless securities
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the voting securities of the successor corporation are immediately thereafter beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly and in substantially the same proportion, by the persons who beneficially owned the Corporation's outstanding voting securities immediately prior to such transaction, or (ii)  a
stockholder-approved sale, transfer or other disposition (including in whole or in part through one or more licensing arrangements) of all or substantially all of the
Corporation's assets, or (iii)  the
acquisition, directly or indirectly by any person or related group of persons (other than the Corporation or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Corporation), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total combined voting power of the Corporation's outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Corporation's stockholders. D. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. E. Common Stock shall mean the Corporation's common stock. F. Corporate Affiliate shall mean any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Corporation (as
determined in accordance with Code Section 424) or any other entity in which the Corporation owns, directly or indirectly, stock or a capital or profit interest and with respect to which the
Corporation possesses the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies, whether now existing or subsequently established. B-21 Table of Contents G. Corporation shall mean SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any corporate
successor to all or substantially all of the assets or voting stock of SanDisk Corporation that shall by appropriate action adopt the Plan. H. Eligible Employee shall mean any person who is employed by a Participating Corporation on a
basis under which he or she is regularly expected to render more than twenty (20) hours of service per week for more than five (5) months per calendar year for earnings considered wages
under Code Section 3401 (a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator may include other individuals as Eligible Employees or exclude certain individuals from being considered
Eligible Employees as it deems appropriate based on the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, any collective bargaining agreements or otherwise. I. Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on any relevant date shall be determined in
accordance with the following provisions: (i)  If
the Common Stock is at the time traded on the NASDAQ National Market, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price per share of Common Stock at the
close of regular hours trading ( i.e. , before after- hours trading begins) on the NASDAQ National Market on the date in question, as such price is
reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers. If there is no closing selling price for the Common Stock on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling
price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. (ii)  If
the Common Stock is at the time listed on any Stock Exchange, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price per share of Common Stock at the close of
regular hours trading ( i.e. , before after-hours trading begins) on the date in question on the Stock Exchange determined by the Plan Administrator to be
the primary market for the Common Stock, as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of transactions on such exchange. If there is no closing selling price for the Common Stock on the
date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. J. 1933 Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. K. 1934 Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. L. Participant shall mean any Eligible Employee of a Participating Corporation who is actively
participating in the Plan. M. Participating Corporation shall mean such Corporate Affiliates as may be authorized from time
to time by the Board to extend the benefits of the Plan to their Eligible Employees. The Participating Corporations in the Plan are listed in attached Schedule A. N. Plan shall mean the Corporation's International Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as set forth in
this document. O. Plan Administrator shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. P. Purchase Date shall mean the last business day of each Purchase Interval. Q. Purchase Interval shall mean each six (6)-month period coincident with a particular offering
period at the end of which there shall be purchased shares of Common Stock on behalf of each Participant. B-22 Table of Contents R. Stock Exchange shall mean either the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange. S. U.S. Plan shall mean the Corporation's 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. B-23 Signature
  [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date KEEP THIS PORTION
  FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS
  BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN
  SIGNED AND DATED. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When
  signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give
  full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders
  must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or
  partnership name by authorized officer. SANDISK CORPORATION M74408-P51156
  SANDISK CORPORATION 951 SANDISK DRIVE MILPITAS, CA 95035 2. To approve an
  amendment to the SanDisk Corporation 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 4. To
  pass an advisory resolution to approve the compensation of the Company's
  Named Executive Officers. 3. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young
  LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the
  fiscal year ending December 28, 2014. NOTE: To transact such other business
  as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
  postponement thereof. 1a. Michael E. Marks 1b. Irwin Federman 1c. Steven J.
  Gomo 1d. Eddy W. Hartenstein 1e. Dr. Chenming Hu 1f. Catherine P. Lego 1g.
  Sanjay Mehrotra 1h. D. Scott Mercer 1. Election of Directors VOTE BY INTERNET
  - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and
  for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the
  day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the
  web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an
  electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY
  MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by SanDisk
  Corporation in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all
  future proxy statements,proxy cards and annual reports electronically via
  e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the
  instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate
  that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future
  years. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to
  transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day
  before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then
  follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and
  return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote
  Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. The Board of
  Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
  ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! The Board of Directors recommends you vote
  FOR proposals 2, 3 and 4. For Against Abstain For Against Abstain Please
  indicate if you wish to view meeting materials electronically via the
  Internet rather than receiving a hard copy. Please note that you will
  continue to receive a proxy card for voting purposes only. ! ! Yes No ! ! !
  Nominees: SANDISK
  CORPORATION 951 SanDisk Drive Milpitas, CA 95035 Proxy - SanDisk Corporation
  THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF SANDISK CORPORATION'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
  FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 19, 2014. Sanjay
  Mehrotra and Judy Bruner, or either of them, are hereby appointed as the
  lawful agents and proxies of the undersigned (with all powers the undersigned
  would possess if personally present, including full power of substitution and
  resubstitution) to represent and to vote all shares of Common Stock of
  SanDisk Corporation (the "Company") which the undersigned is
  entitled to vote at the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
  on June 19, 2014 at 8:00 a.m., local time, and at any adjournments or
  postponements thereof, as follows: The Board of Directors recommends a vote
  FOR each of the director nominees listed in proposal 1 and FOR proposals 2, 3
  and 4. This proxy will be voted as directed, or, if no direction is
  indicated, will be voted FOR each of the director nominees listed in proposal
  1 and FOR proposals 2, 3 and 4 and at the discretion of the persons named as
  proxies, upon such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or
  any postponement or adjournment thereof. This proxy may be revoked at any
  time before it is voted. Continued and to be signed on reverse side Important
  Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:
  The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com.
  M74409-P51156